Now, beautiful Hippolyta , the hour of our wedding is speeding closer.
Four days will quickly pass and turn to night.
And each night, we will dream away the time.
And soon the moon   like a silver bow newly bent into a curve in the sky  will look down on the night of our wedding celebration.
Go, Philostrate, get the young people of Athens in the mood to celebrate.
Wake up the lively and swift spirit of fun.
Joy to you, Theseus  our famous and distinguished duke!
Thank you, dear Egeus.
What’s going on with you?
I’ve come to you full of anger, to protest against the actions of my daughter, Hermia.
Step forward, Demetrius.
My noble lord Theseus, this man, Demetrius, has my blessing to marry her.
Step forward, Lysander.
Yet, my gracious duke, this man, Lysander, has put a spell on my daughter’s heart.
You, you, Lysander, you have given her poems, and exchanged tokens of love with my daughter.
And what do you say, Hermia?
So is Lysander.
Yes he is.
But in this situation, because he lacks your father's support, you must consider Demetrius to be better.
I wish my father could look at them through my eyes.
Instead, your view of them must be influenced by your father's wishes.
I beg your Grace to forgive me.
You’ll either be sentenced to death or to never again interact with another man.
Therefore, beautiful Hermia, really think about what you want.
Her father loves you, Demetrius.
Let me have Hermia, and you can marry him.
My lord, I’m as noble as Demetrius, and as rich.
I love Hermia more than he does.
My prospects are in every way as good as Demetrius', if not better.
And, more importantly than all of those things I just boasted about, beautiful Hermia loves me.
Why shouldn’t I be able to pursue my rights marry her?
Demetrius and I’ll declare this to his face wooed Nedar’s daughter, Helena, and won her love.
We follow you because it is our duty, and because we want to.
How are you, my love?
Why are your cheeks so pale?
How is it that the roses in them have faded so quickly?
Probably because they lacked rain, which I could easily give them from the tears in my eyes.
Oh dear!
In every book that I have ever read, whether a story or a history, the path of true love is never smooth or easy.
Perhaps the lovers are of different social classes
Oh, what an obstacle!
Being a person of high rank in love with someone of low stature.
Or else they were very different ages
Oh, vicious fate!
Being too old to marry someone young.
Or else their ability to choose depended on the wishes of their relatives
Oh, what a hell, to have someone else's wishes determine who you can love!
If true lovers are always thwarted, then it proves that destiny is saying that our thwarted love must be true.
That's the right way to think about it.
So, listen, Hermia.
I have an aunt who is a widow, who has property and great wealth, and doesn’t have any children.
Her house is about twenty miles from Athens, and she thinks of me as a son.
My noble Lysander!
I swear to you  by Cupid's strongest bow, by his best gold tipped arrow; by the innocent doves that drive Venus ' chariot; by everything that binds souls together and makes love grow; by the bonfire upon which Queen Dido of Carthage burned herself to death when she saw that her lover Aeneas had secretly sailed away from her; and by all the promises that men have ever broken   .
Keep your promise, my love.
Look, here comes Helena.
Welcome, beautiful Helena!
Where are you going?
Did you call me “beautiful?” Take it back.
Your beauty is what Demetrius loves.
Oh, lucky beauty!
I frown at him, but he still loves me.
Oh, if only your frowns could teach my smiles to have that same ability!
I curse him, but he responds with love.
Oh, if only my prayers could arouse that kind of affection!
The more I hate him, the more he follows me.
The more I love him, the more he hates me.
Helena, his foolishness is not my fault.
It’s only your beauty’s fault.
I wish I had that fault!
Don’t worry.
He'll never see my face again.
Lysander and I are running away from here.
Before the first time I saw Lysander, Athens seemed like paradise to me.
But Lysander is so beautiful and graceful that, by comparison, he’s turned what I thought was heaven into hell!
Helena, we’ll let you in on our plan.
In the woods where you and I used to laze around on the pale primroses, sharing all of the sweet secrets of our hearts that’s where Lysander and I will meet.
Then we’ll turn away from Athens and look for new friends and the company of strangers.
Goodbye, sweet friend of my youth.
Pray for us, and may fate give you Demetrius!
Keep your promise, Lysander.
I will, my Hermia.
How happy some people can be compared to others!
Throughout Athens, people think I'm as beautiful as Hermia.
But what does that matter?
Demetrius doesn't think so.
The only opinion he has is his own.
And as he wanders, idolizing Hermia's eyes, likewise I admire his beauty.
Love can transform crude and horrible things of no worth into beautiful and dignified things.
Love doesn't look with eyes, but with the mind.
That's why they paint winged Cupid blind.
And Love doesn't have good judgment or taste  wings and blindness make for undue speed in falling in love.
Thus, Love is thought of as a child, because he often makes the wrong choice.
Are all of us here?
Believe me, it’s a great piece of work, and very funny, too.
Now, Peter Quince, call out the actors on your list.
Men, gather around.
Answer when I call your name.
Nick Bottom, the weaver?
Here.
Say which part I’m going to play, and then continue.
Nick Bottom, you will play the role of Pyramus.
What’s Pyramus?
A lover or a tyrant?
A lover who, very nobly, kills himself for love.
That role will require some tears from me if I am to perform it well.
If I perform it, the audience better check their own eyes.
I’ll make tears fall like rainstorms.
I’ll make them weep.
Francis Flute, the bellows repairman?
Here, Peter Quince.
Flute, you’ll play the part of Thisbe.
Who’s Thisbe?
A knight on a quest?
Thisbe is the lady whom Pyramus loves.
No, really, please don’t make me play a woman.
I’m growing a beard.
That makes no difference.
You’ll be wearing a mask, and you can make your voice as high as you want.
If I can wear a mask, let me play Thisbe too!
I’ll speak in an amazing high pitched voice.
No, no.
You’re playing Pyramus.
And Flute, you’re playing Thisbe.
Well, all right.
Robin Starveling, the tailor?
Here, Peter Quince.
Robin Starveling, you’re going to play Thisbe’s mother.
Tom Snout, the repairman?
Here, Peter Quince.
You’ll play Pyramus’ father.
As for myself, I’ll play Thisbe’s father.
Snug, the cabinetmaker, you’ll play the part of the lion.
Now, I hope the play has been well cast.
Do you have the lion’s part written down?
If you do, please give it to me, because I'm a slow learner.
You can improvise the whole thing, because it's just roaring.
Let me play the lion, too!
I’ll roar so well that it’ll delight anyone who hears me.
I’ll roar so well that the duke will say, “Let him roar again.
Let him roar again.
”
If you roar too terrifyingly, you’ll scare the duchess and the other ladies, and make them scream.
And that would be enough to get us all hanged.
They'd hang every single one of us.
I agree, my friends, that if you scare the ladies out of their wits, they’d have no choice but to hang us.
But I’ll aggravate my voice so that I’ll roar as gently as a baby dove.
I’ll roar like a melodic nightingale.
You can’t play any part but Pyramus.
Because Pyramus is a good looking man, the most handsome man you could find on a summer’s day, the most lovely gentlemanly man.
Therefore you must play Pyramus.
Very well, I’ll do it.
What would be the best beard for me to wear for the part?
Why, whichever one you want to wear.
I’ll play the role wearing either a straw colored beard, or a brownish yellow beard, or a deep red beard, or a bright yellow beard the color of a French crown .
Some French heads have no hair at all , so maybe you could play the role clean shaven.
But, gentlemen, here are your scripts.
I beg you, ask you, and desire you to please
We’ll be there, and there we’ll rehearse obscenely and courageously.
Work hard, memorize your lines perfectly.
Farewell.
We’ll meet at the giant oak tree in the duke’s forest.
How are you, spirit?
Where are you going?
Over hill, over valley, through bush, through thorn, over park, over fenced in pastures, through water, through fire.
I wander everywhere faster than the moon revolves around the Earth.
I serve the fairy queen, decorating the grass with dew.
The tall cowslip flowers are her bodyguards: the spots you see on their gold coats are rubies, fairy gifts.
Their sweet smells come from those spots.
The king is having a party here tonight.
Either I’m completely mistaken, or else you’re that mischievous and naughty spirit named Robin Goodfellow.
You are correct.
I am the mischievous wanderer of the night.
And here’s my queen.
I wish he’d go away!
I'm not glad to see you this night, proud Titania.
What, are you jealous, Oberon?
Fairies, let’s leave this place.
I’ve sworn I’ll never sleep with him or be near him again.
Wait, you impulsive and willful creature.
Am I not your lord and husband?
These are lies that emerge from your jealousy.
So fix it, then.
You have the power to do that.
Why would Titania want to argue with her Oberon?
All I’m asking for is to have that little human boy to be my attendant.
Calm your little heart.
I wouldn't trade the child for all of Fairyland.
How long do you plan to stay in this forest?
Perhaps until after Theseus’ wedding day.
If you will join us in our circle dance and moonlight celebrations without causing trouble, then come with us.
If not, stay away from me, and I’ll avoid your lands.
Give me that boy and I’ll come with you.
Not for your entire fairy kingdom.
Fairies, let’s go!
We’re going to have a real fight if I stay any longer.
Well, then go on your way.
You won’t leave this grove until I’ve made you suffer for this insult.
My noble Puck, come here.
I remember.
On that night, I saw Cupid   ; Cupid with all his arrows, flying from the cold moon to the earth.
He aimed at a beautiful virgin who sat upon a throne in the western end of the world, and he shot his love arrow hard enough to pierce a hundred thousand hearts.
I'll circle the world in forty minutes.
Once I get this juice, I’ll spy on Titania until she falls asleep and then drop some of it on her eyes.
The first thing she sees when she wakes up whether it's a lion, bear, wolf, bull, monkey, or an ape she'll fall deeply and madly in love with.
And before I remove the spell from her eyes which I can do by using another plant I’ll make her give that little boy to me.
But who’s that coming this way?
I don’t love you, so stop following me.
Where are Lysander and beautiful Hermia?
I want to kill Lysander, but Hermia kills me with her beauty.
You told me they snuck into this forest.
And here I am, going crazy in the middle of the woods because I cannot find my Hermia.
Go away, get out of here, and stop following me.
You attract me to you, you heartless magnet!
But you must not attract iron, because my heart is as true as steel.
If you give up your power to attract me, then I won’t have any power to follow you.
Do I invite you to follow me?
Do I speak to you kindly?
Instead, don’t I tell you as clearly and plainly as possible that that I do not and cannot love you?
And for that I love you even more.
I’m your little dog.
And, Demetrius, the more you beat me, the more I’ll love you.
Treat me like a dog kick me, hit me, ignore me, try to lose me.
Just allow me to follow you, even though I'm not good enough for you.
Is there a worse position I could ask to be held in your heart than to be treated as you would treat a dog?
Don’t tempt me to hate you any more than I already do.
It makes me sick just to look at you.
And I am sick when I'm not looking at you.
You shouldn't risk your reputation or your virginity by leaving the city and putting yourself into the hands of someone who doesn’t love you in the middle of the night in a deserted place, what with all the bad ideas that occur to people in deserted places.
Your goodness will protect me.
And, anyway, the beauty of your face shines, so it doesn't seem like nighttime to me.
Besides, the forest doesn’t seem deserted, because for me you are the entire world.
So how can anyone say I’m alone, when the whole world is here to look at me?
I’ll run away from you and hide in the bushes, and leave you to the mercy of wild animals.
Not even the wildest animal is as vicious as you.
Run whenever you want to.
I’m not going to wait around listening to your arguments.
Let me go by myself.
Or if you follow me, understand that I’ll do bad things to you in the forest.
Well, you've already done bad things to me in the church, in the town, and in the fields.
Curse you, Demetrius!
Your bad behavior is an insult to all women.
We can't fight for love as men can.
We should be pursued.
Goodbye, nymph.
Before he leaves this forest, you’ll be running from him and he'll be chasing after your love.
Yes, here it is.
Please, give it to me.
Don't worry, my lord.
As your servant, I'll follow your orders.
Come, dance in a circle and sing a fairy song.
Philomel, with melody Sing in our sweet lullaby.
Lulla, lulla, lullaby, lulla, lulla, lullaby.
Never harm Nor spell nor charm Come our lovely lady nigh.
So good night, with lullaby.
Come on, let’s go!
All is well.
One of us can remain alone and stand guard.
Whatever you first see when you wake up, take it as your true love.
Love and yearn for him.
Whether he’s a lynx, a wildcat, a bear, a leopard, or a wild boar with bristly hair  when you wake, it will look like your love in your eyes.
May you wake up when something disgusting is close by.
My beautiful love, wandering like this in the wood is making you weaker and weaker.
And, to speak truthfully, I’m lost.
Let’s do that, Lysander.
Find yourself somewhere to sleep, and I will rest my head on this little ridge.
We can sleep next to each other on the same ground.
We’ll have one heart, one bed, two bodies, and one vow.
No, good Lysander.
For my sake, my dear, sleep a little farther away.
Don’t lie so close to me.
Oh, my sweetheart, what I was saying was totally innocent.
Lysander has some skill with words.
I say "amen" to that beautiful prayer.
And may my life end if my loyalty to you ever does.
I’ll sleep over here.
May the god of sleep give you all his rest!
May half that rest be yours.
Stop, Demetrius!
I demand that you get out of here, and stop following me like this.
Oh, will you leave me in the dark?
Don't!
Stay at your own risk.
I’m going on my own.
Oh, I’m out of breath from this foolish chase of love.
The more I pray, the less good fortune I am given.
Hermia is happy, wherever she is, because she has blessed and magnetic eyes.
How did her eyes become so bright?
Not from crying salty tears.
If that was the cause, well, my eyes get washed by tears more often hers.
No, no, I’m as ugly as a bear, because animals that see me run away in fear.
I’d not just wake up, but run through fire for you.
Radiant Helena!
Mother Nature shows her magic by letting me see through your body into your heart.
Where is Demetrius?
Oh, that name deserves to be killed by my sword!
Don’t say that, Lysander.
Don’t say that.
Why does it matter if he loves Hermia?
Lord, what does it matter?
Hermia still loves you.
So be happy.
Happy with Hermia?
No.
I regret all that boring time I spent with her.
It's not Hermia I love.
Why is it my destiny to always be made fun of?
What have I done to you to deserve this kind of mockery?
She doesn’t see Hermia.
not nearby.
I'll either find you right away, or else I'll die.
Either death or you I'll find immediately.
HERMIA exits HERMIA exits.
While TITANIA sleeps onstage, BOTTOM, QUINCE, FLUTE, SNUG, SNOUT, and STARVELING enter.
While TITANIA sleeps onstage, BOTTOM, QUINCE, FLUTE, SNUG, SNOUT, and STARVELING enter.
Are we all here?
Right on time.
And this is a great place for us to rehearse.
Peter Quince.
What is it, my fine friend Bottom?
There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will never please the audience.
By the Virgin Mary, that’s a serious problem.
I think, in the end, we’ll have to leave out all the killing.
Not at all!
I’ve got an idea that will solve the problem.
Write, as I describe, a prologue that explains to the audience that we won’t actually hurt anyone with our swords, and that Pyramus isn’t really killed.
And to make everyone even more comfortable, explain that that while I look like Pyramus I'm not actually him, I'm really Bottom the weaver.
That will stop the audience from being afraid.
Good.
We’ll perform that prologue, and we'll write it in traditional ballad form, with alternating lines of eight  and six syllables.
No, add two more.
Write it with alternating lines of eight and eight syllables.
Won’t the women be frightened by the lion?
I’m very worried about that.
Sirs, you should all think about this: bringing in God protect us!
So we'll have another prologue that explains he’s not actually a lion.
Doth the moon shine that night we play our play?
Yes, the moon will shine that night.
Well then, you could leave a window open in the great room where we’ll be performing, and the moon will shine in through the window.
You’ll never be able to bring in a wall.
What do you think, Bottom?
Someone has to play the part of Wall.
For a costume, he can be covered in some plaster or clay with pebbles stuck to him to show that he’s a wall.
Then he can hold his fingers like this , and Pyramus and Thisbe can whisper to each other through that crack.
If we do that, everything will be fine.
Now sit down everyone and rehearse your parts.
Pyramus, you start.
When you've said your lines, go behind that bush as if it were a curtain offstage.
Who are these country bumpkins making so much noise so close to the fairy queen's bed?
What?
Are they about to perform a play?
I’ll be the audience.
Speak, Pyramus.
Thisbe, come forward.
Thisbe, flowers with odious smelling sweet
“Odors,” “odors.
”
odors smelling sweet, are like your breath, my dearest Thisbe dear.
But listen, a voice!
Wait here for a moment, and I’ll be back soon!
A stranger Pyramus has never been performed anywhere.
Should I talk now?
Yes, you should.
You’re supposed to show that you think that Pyramus just went to check on a noise he heard and will soon come back.
My shining Pyramus, you are as white as a lily, the color of a red rose on a splendid rosebush, a lively young man and also a lovely Jew, as trustworthy as a horse that never gets tired.
I’ll meet you, Pyramus, at Ninny’s grave.
That’s “Ninus’ grave,” man.
Oh!
As trustworthy as a horse that never gets tired.
If I were handsome, my lovely Thisbe, I would still be entirely yours.
Oh!
A monster!
How strange!
We’re being haunted.
Pray, gentlemen!
Run, gentlemen!
I’ll follow you.
I’ll lead you all in circles, through bogs, through bushes, through hedges, and through thorns.
Sometimes I’ll take the shape of a horse, sometimes a dog or a pig or a headless bear.
Why are they running away?
This is some practical joke of theirs to try to scare me.
Oh, Bottom, you’ve been changed!
What do you have on your head?
What do you think I have on my head?
You see something you've imagined with your own asinine head, right?
God bless you, Bottom, God bless you.
You’ve been transformed.
What angel wakes me from my bed of flowers?
Noble human, I beg you, sing again.
I don’t think you should have a good reason to love me.
And yet, to be honest, reason and love are seldom found together these days.
It’s a shame that some mutual friend of theirs doesn’t introduce them.
Ha, I've been known to tell a joke from time to time.
You’re as wise as you are beautiful.
That’s not true, either.
But if I were wise enough to get out of this forest, I’d have all the wisdom I needed.
Please don't wish that you could leave this forest.
You will stay here whether you want to or not.
I’m not some ordinary fairy.
The summer itself serves me as one of my followers.
And I love you.
So come with me.
Ready.
Me too.
Me too.
Me too.
Where should we go?
Be kind and considerate to this gentleman.
Follow where he walks.
Run and jump joyfully where he can watch you.
Hello, mortal!
Hello!
Hello!
Hello!
I beg your pardon, sirs, very much.
Will you tell me your names, sirs?
Cobweb.
I would like to get to know you better, good Mister Cobweb.
If I cut my finger, I’ll use you as a bandage.
And your name, good sir?
Peaseblossom.
Please, give my regards to Mrs.   Peapod, your mother, and to Mr.   Peapod, your father.
Good Mr.   Peaseblossom, I’d like to get to know you better too.
And now, may I ask what your name is, sir?
Mustardseed.
I wonder if Titania is awake.
And, if she is, I wonder what thing she saw first that she must love completely now.
My mistress is in love with a monster.
This has turned out even better than I could have planned.
But have you put the love juice on the eyes of that Athenian, as I told you to?
Be quiet.
This is the Athenian we were talking about.
That’s the woman I saw, but that is not the man.
Oh, why be so mean to someone who loves you so much?
You should aim such cruel language only at your worst enemy.
I’m scolding you at the moment, but I should be treating you even worse than that.
I’m frightened that you’ve given me good reason to curse you.
If you killed Lysander while he was sleeping, then you’re already knee deep in blood, and you should just plunge in deeper and kill me too.
He is more faithful to me than the sun is to the day.
Would he have snuck away from me while I was asleep?
I’ll only believe that’s true when a hole appears through the center of the Earth, and the moon sneaks through it to surprise her brother, the sun, on the other side of the world.
The only possibility is that you murdered him.
A murderer should look like you do  so pale and grim.
What does any of that have to do with my Lysander?
Where is he?
Oh, good Demetrius, will you bring him to me?
I would rather feed his corpse to my dogs.
Get away, you dog!
Go away, you mutt!
You’ve driven me past what any woman could endure.
Have you killed him, then?
You’re working yourself into a rage out of a misunderstanding.
I’m not guilty of killing Lysander.
As far as I know, he’s not dead.
I beg you, then: tell me he’s all right.
If I could tell you that, what would I get out of it?
The privilege of never seeing me again.
Now I’m going to depart from your presence, which I hate.
I hope you never see me again, whether he’s dead or not.
There’s no point in following her when she’s so angry.
So, for a while I’ll just stay here.
What have you done?
You’ve made a complete mistake and put the love juice on someone who was truly in love.
Because of your mistake someone’s true love has been turned false, instead of someone's false love being turned into a true love.
I'm going, I'm going.
Purple flower, hit by Cupid’s arrow, sink into the pupils of his eyes.
When he sees the girl he should love, make her seem to him as bright as Venus shining in the sky.
When you wake up, if she’s nearby, beg her to answer your love with love.
Stand out of the way.
The noise they’re making is going to wake up Demetrius.
Then both of them will pursue one girl at the same time.
Watching that will be unparalleled entertainment.
Ridiculous things are the things I like best.
You display your sneaky ways more and more clearly.
I had no true power of reason when I swore those vows to her.
In my opinion, you don’t have any reason now, as you are breaking those vows.
Demetrius loves her, and he doesn’t love you.
Oh, Helena, goddess!
Divine, perfect nymph!
My love, to what can I compare your eyes?
Crystal is like mud compared to them.
Oh cruelty!
Oh hell!
I see you’ve all joined together to humiliate me for your own enjoyment.
If you were civilized or had good manners, you wouldn’t hurt me this way.
You’re being mean, Demetrius.
Don’t be.
You love Hermia.
You know I know it.
Lysander, keep your Hermia.
I’m not interested.
If I ever loved her, all that love is now gone.
Helena, it’s not true.
Don’t insult a true love you don’t know anything about, or else you risk paying a terrible price.
Look, your love is coming.
Over there is the one you love.
While the darkness of night makes eyes work less well, it helps ears to work better.
Why should I stay, when love pushed me to go?
What love could make you move from my side?
I could not wait because of my love for beautiful Helena, who shines in the night more brightly than all those fiery orbs and stars.
Why are you looking for me?
Wasn’t it obvious that I left you because of the hatred I feel toward you?
You don’t believe what you’re saying.
It can’t be.
So, she’s a part of your little gang!
Now I see that all three of them have joined together to create this game of lies in order to hurt me.
Hurtful Hermia!
Ungrateful girl!
Have you conspired and schemed to torment me with this awful mockery?
Have you forgotten about all the confidential conversations we’ve shared, the vows of sisterhood we made, the hours we spent together while scolding time for moving so fast and forcing us apart?
Our schoolgirl friendship, our childhood innocence?
Hermia, we used to sit together like two gods of craftsmanship, and sew one flower with our two needles, working on the same single piece of cloth.
I’m shocked by your angry words.
I don't hate you.
It seems like you hate me.
Didn't you get Lysander to mock me by following me around, praising my eyes and face?
And didn't you make your other love, Demetrius who just before kicked me with his foot to call me a goddess, a nymph, and some divine, rare, precious angel?
Why would he say that to a girl he hates?
I don’t understand what you’re saying.
Yes, do that.
Keep it up, pretend to be serious, but then make faces at me behind my back, wink at each other, and keep the joke going.
You're doing such a good job with this prank it will go down in history.
Stay, sweet Helena.
Listen to my excuse.
My love, my life, my soul, beautiful Helena!
Oh, nice one!
My love, don’t mock her like that.
If Hermia’s pleas don't get you to stop, I can force you to.
I say that I love you more than he does.
If that’s what you say, draw your sword and prove it.
You’re on.
Lysander, what does all this mean?
Go away, you African !
No, no.
He’s just pretending like he’s trying to break loose.
Act like you’re going to follow me, but then you won't.
You’re a coward.
Let go of me, you cat, you clinging burr.
Let go of me, vile thing, or I’ll shake you off of me like a snake.
Why have you become so rude?
What’s changed you, my sweet love?
Your love?
Get away from me, you dark skinned Tartar!
Get away, you disgusting poison.
You hated potion, get away!
Are you joking?
Yes, of course he is, and so are you.
Demetrius, I’ll honor what I said and fight you.
Yes, I swear on my life that I did, and I never wanted to see you again.
So give up your hopes, your questions, and your doubts.
Oh no!
Really, honestly!
Have you no modesty, no decency, not even a little bit of shame?
“Doll?” Why do you say that?
Ah, I see where you're taking this.
She’s comparing our difference in height.
I beg you  even though you're making fun of me, gentlemen  don’t let her hurt me.
I've never been good at trading insults.
I’m not mean like her.
I’m shy, like a girl should be.
Don’t let her hit me.
You might be thinking that I could overpower her because she is somewhat shorter than me.
“Shorter?” See, there it is again!
Good Hermia, please don’t be so angry with me.
So, get going!
Who's stopping you?
My silly heart, which I’m leaving behind here.
What, with Lysander?
With Demetrius.
Don’t be afraid.
She won't hurt you, Helena.
No, sir, she won't, even if you take Hermia's side.
Oh, when she's angry, she gets vicious and mean.
She was a hellcat when we were in school.
And though she’s little, she's fierce.
“Little” again?
Nothing but “short” and “little!
” Why do you allow her to mock me like this?
Let me at her!
Get out of here, you dwarf, you tiny little creature made of knotgrass weed, you tiny bead, you acorn!
You’re trying too hard to help a woman who doesn't want anything from you.
Leave Helena alone.
Don’t talk about her.
Don’t try to help her.
And if you plan on showing so little love to Hermia, you’ll pay for it.
Hermia’s not holding me anymore.
So follow me, if you dare, to find out through a duel which of us has more right to Helena.
You, mistress, are the cause of all this fighting.
No, don't walk away from me!
I'm shocked and don't know what to say.
This is your fault.
You continually make mistakes, or else you're making trouble on purpose.
Believe me, King of Shadows  it was a mistake.
Didn’t you tell me that I’d recognize the man by the Athenian clothes he was wearing?
I can't be blamed for what I've done I put the love juice on an Athenian’s eyes.
And so far I’m glad it worked out this way, as I find all this uproar entertaining.
You can see that these lovers are looking for a place to fight.
Therefore, rush, Robin, and make the night dark and cloudy.
My fairy lord, all this must be done quickly.
But we’re a different sort of spirit.
I've often enjoyed the pleasures of the morning, and like a forest ranger, wander the woods until in the East the sun rises, all fiery red   spreading its rays over the ocean and turning the salty green water to gold.
But anyway, hurry.
Don’t delay.
We can get all this done before it's day.
Here and there, here and there, I will lead them here and there.
I am feared in the country and in town.
Goblin, lead them here and there.
Here comes one of them.
Where are you, arrogant Demetrius?
Say something.
I’m over here, you villain.
I’ll find you in a moment.
Then follow me to flatter ground, which will be better for fighting.
Lysander, say something!
You quitter, you coward, have you run away?
Say something!
Are you in some bush?
Where are you hiding?
Hey, are you there?
Follow my voice.
He walks ahead of me and keeps daring me to follow him.
But when I get to the spot where he’s calling from, he's not there.
Ha, ha, ha!
Coward, why aren’t you coming?
Wait for me, if you dare!
You keep running away from me, dashing all over the place, but you don’t dare to stand and face me eye to eye.
Where are you now?
Come this way.
I’m over here.
No, you’re just mocking me.
You’ll pay dearly for this if I ever see your face in the daylight.
Now run wherever you want.
I’m so tired I need to lie down and sleep on this cold ground.
But expect me to come find you by the dawn.
Oh, exhausting, long, and boring night, please end already!
Still only three?
One more is needed.
Two men and two women make four.
Now here she comes, angry and sad.
Cupid is a tricky, deceitful boy to drive poor girls crazy like this.
Sleep soundly on the ground.
And I'll apply a remedy to your eye, dear lover.
Come and sit here on this flowery bed while I caress your lovable cheeks, and stick roses into the fur of your silky, smooth head, and kiss your big, beautiful ears, my gentle darling.
Where’s Peaseblossom?
At your service.
Scratch my head, Peaseblossom.
Where’s Sir Cobweb?
At your service.
Monsieur Cobweb, my good sir, get out your weapons and kill for me a red tailed bumblebee that has landed on a thistle.
And, good sir, bring me its honey.
Now don’t overwork yourself too much in doing it, sir.
Oh, and good sir, be careful not to break the honey sac.
I’d be sad if you drowned in honey, sir.
At your service.
Give me your first, Sir Mustardseed.
Please, no need to take off your hat and bow, good sir.
What would you like?
Nothing, good sir, except for you to help Sir Cobweb scratch my head.
I should go to the barber’s, sir, because I think I’m getting amazingly hairy on my face.
And I am such a sensitive ass that if my hair even tickles me even slightly, I have to scratch.
Would you like to hear some music, my sweet love?
I have a fairly good ear for music.
Let’s have someone play the triangle and smack some sticks together.
Or tell me, sweet love, what you want to eat.
Actually, I’d like two gallons of animal feed.
Or I wouldn’t mind munching on some good dry oats.
Though I think I would also really like a bundle of hay.
Good, sweet hay has no equal.
I have an adventurous fairy who’ll go find a squirrel’s secret stockpile and get you fresh nuts.
I’d rather have a handful or two of dried peas.
But, please, don’t let any of your attendants wake me up.
An exposition for sleep has come over me.
Sleep my love, and I will put my arms around you.
Fairies, get out of here.
Welcome, good Robin.
Do you see this sweet sight?
I've now begun to pity Titania for her obsessive crush.
My dear Oberon, what a wild dream I had!
I dreamed I was in love with an ass.
Your love is lying right there.
How did all this happen?
Oh, my eyes can’t stand to see his face now!
Be quiet for a while.
Robin, remove his ass’ head.
Titania, call to your fairies for some music, so that these five humans will sleep more deeply than is normal.
Music, now!
Play music that magically makes people sleep.
Now when you wake up, you'll see things with your own foolish eyes once more.
Play the music!
Fairy King, pay attention, and listen.
Come, my lord, and as we fly you can tell me what happened in the night that resulted in me sleeping with these humans on the ground.
Go, one of you, and find the forest ranger.
I was with Hercules and Cadmus once, when their Spartan hunting dogs surrounded a bear.
I’d never before heard barking that courageous.
Not just the forests, but also the skies, the waterfalls, everything nearby seemed to be part of the same communal cry.
I’d never heard such wild music, such lovely thunder.
My lord, this is my daughter, asleep.
And that's Lysander.
This one here is Demetrius.
This is Helena  old Nedar’s daughter Helena.
I wonder why they’re all here together.
Most likely they woke up early to celebrate May Day and, knowing we would be here, they came to attend and honor our ceremony.
It is, my lord.
Good morning, my friends.
Valentine’s Day is over.
Have you lovebirds only begun to couple up now?
Forgive us, my lord.
Please, all of you, stand up.
Enough, enough, my lord.
My lord, the beautiful Helena told me they were going to sneak away to escape into this forest.
In a fury, I followed them here, and the lovely Helena followed me because of her love for me.
Beautiful lovers, it's lucky that you've met me here.
You'll tell me more about all of this later.
Egeus, I’m overruling your commands.
Later on in the temple these couples will be married alongside Hippolyta and me.
And now, because the morning is nearly over, we'll set aside our planned hunting.
Everything that happened seems distant and difficult to figure out, like mountains that look like clouds from far away.
It seems to me that my eyes are out of focus, and everything looks double.
Me too.
Are you sure that we’re awake?
It seems to me like we are sleeping, and dreaming.
Do you think the duke was really just here, and told us to follow him?
Yes I do, and my father was here too.
And Hippolyta.
And he told us to follow him to the temple.
Well, then, we’re awake.
When it's my cue, call me  and I'll say my line.
My next cue is "Most handsome Pyramus.  "
Hey there!
Peter Quince?
Flute the bellows repairman?
Snout the repairman?
Starveling?
My God, they went away from here, and left me asleep?
I have had the strangest dream.
I have had a dream so strange that it's beyond explanation.
A man would be a fool if he tried to explain this dream.
I thought I was  well, nobody could describe what I was.
I thought I was, and I thought I had  but a man would have to be a true fool to try and say what I thought I had.
My dream was so odd that no man's eyes have heard, or his ears have seen, or his hands have tasted, or his tongue felt, or his heart described what it was like.
I will get Peter Quince to write a ballad about this dream.
It will be called "Bottom's Dream" because it's so complex that it has no bottom.
And I'll sing it for the duke at the end of the play.
Or, better yet, to make it more pleasing, I'll sing it when Thisbe dies.
Have you checked Bottom’s house?
Has he come home yet?
No one’s heard from him.
There's no question he's been kidnapped by fairies.
If he doesn’t come, then the play will be ruined.
We won't be able to perform it.
Will we?
It wouldn't be possible.
There's not another man in all of Athens who can play Pyramus besides Bottom.
Yes, and the best looking too.
And his voice is the paramour of sweetness.
You mean “paragon.
” A "paramour " is, God bless us, something naughty.
Gentlemen, the duke is leaving the temple, along with two or three additional lords and ladies who were also married.
Oh that sweet, good guy, Bottom!
Where are my boys?
Where are my good fellows?
Bottom!
Oh, what a great day!
Oh, what a happy moment!
Gentlemen, I have incredible stories to tell you but don’t ask me what, because if I told you, then I would not be a true Athenian citizen.
I’ll tell you everything, exactly how it happened.
Tell us, good Bottom.
You won't get a word out of me!
All that I'll tell you is that the duke has had his dinner.
Gather your costumes, some new strings for your false beards, and some new ribbons to decorate your shoes.
Then meet me at the palace as soon as you can.
We should each look over our lines again.
In sum, our play is going to be performed!
So make sure that Thisbe has clean underpants.
And make sure whoever is playing the lion doesn't cut down his nails, because they are going to need to stand in for the lion's claws.
And, my most dear fellow actors, please don't eat onions or garlic.
We must have sweet smelling breath so the audience will say, "it's a sweet play.  "
Enough talk.
Come on, let's go!
My dear Theseus, what these lovers are describing is strange.
But the full story that the lovers are telling about last night   along with the fact that they all described it the same way   suggests that it's something that they really experienced rather than some imagined fantasy.
Here come the lovers, full of joy and laughter.
Joy to you, kind friends!
May joy and sweet days of love be with you always.
I’m here, Theseus.
Tell us, what entertainment do you have that will shorten the evening?
What plays, what music?
How will we enjoy this boring time without some entertainment?
That is a list of all of the performances that are ready to go.
Choose which one your highness would like to see first.
My lord, it is a play that's about ten words long, which is the shortest play I’ve ever encountered.
But, my lord, it’s ten words too long, which is what makes it tedious.
Who are the people performing it?
And we will watch it.
No, my noble lord.
It’s not something you’ll like.
I’ve seen it, and it’s worthless, as worthless as anything ever created unless you find their sad attempt funny, with their bad acting and incorrectly remembered lines.
I’ll watch this play.
I don’t enjoy seeing incompetent people overwhelmed and made to look bad when they are only trying to serve.
Why, my noble love, you won’t see any such thing.
Philostrate says they’re not good at acting.
Then we’re even more kind, for giving them thanks for something they’re not good at.
If it please your Grace, the actor who will deliver the prologue is ready.
Let him come forward.
If our play offends you, it is our intention .
That you know we have not come here to offend, but it is our intention.
Showing off the little skill we have in acting will end up getting us executed.
Understand, then, that we come in a spirit of ill will.
We don’t come here with the purpose of making you happy.
We did not come here for your complete delight.
This guy doesn’t pay attention to punctuation.
He rode his prologue like a wild colt.
He didn’t know how to make it stop.
The moral here, my lord, is that it’s not enough to speak.
Yes, he’s performed the prologue like a child plays a recorder he can make sounds, but not with any purposeful control.
His speech was like a tangled chain.
Unbroken, but all jumbled up.
Who’s next?
Ladies and gentlemen, perhaps you're wondering about the subject of this play.
Keep on wondering, until the truth makes everything clear.
This man is Pyramus, if you'd like to This beauteous lady Thisbe is certain.
I wonder if the lion will speak.
It wouldn’t be shocking, my lord.
At this moment of the play I, Snout, play a wall.
Would you ever hope to hear plaster speak more eloquently?
It’s the smartest barrier that I’ve ever heard speak, my lord.
Pyramus is approaching the wall.
Be quiet!
Oh, grim looking night!
Oh, night colored so black!
Oh night, which always exists when day does not!
Oh night, oh night!
No, in fact, sir, he shouldn't.
"Tricking me” is the cue for Thisbe to speak.
She’s going to enter now, and I’ll spot her through the wall.
You’ll see, it’ll happen just as I am telling you.
There she comes.
Oh Wall, you’ve so often heard my moans because you separate me from my handsome Pyramus!
My cherry lips have often kissed your stones which are held together by plaster.
I see a voice!
Now I’ll go to the hole to find out if I can hear my Thisbe’s face.
Thisbe?
You are my love, my love, I think.
Whatever you think, I am your gracious lover.
And, like Limander , I’m still faithful to you.
I’m as faithful to you as Shafalus was to Procrus.
Oh, kiss me through the hole in this awful wall.
I’m kissing the wall’s hole, not your lips at all.
Will you meet me at Ninny’s grave right now?
No matter what comes in life or death, I will be there without delay.
In this way, I, Wall, have played my part.
Now, since I’m done, Wall can go away.
There's nothing you can do about it, my lord, when walls have ears.
This is the silliest thing I’ve ever seen.
The best plays are a kind of illusion, and the worst are no worse if you use your imagination to fix them up.
Then it's your imagination that's good, not theirs.
If we imagine these actors as being no worse than they imagine themselves to be, then they'd seem like accomplished actors.
Here come two noble beasts, a man and a lion.
You gentle hearted ladies  who fear even the smallest monstrous mouse that sneaks along the floor  may shake and tremble when the wild lion roars in its most violent rage.
It’s a noble beast, with a good conscience.
He’s the best actor at being a beast that I’ve ever seen, my lord.
This lion seems like a fox, by being more sly than courageous.
True.
Not true, my lord.
He’s not discreet enough to be brave, actually, just as the goose can't carry the fox.
It doesn't matter.
Let's leave all this to his discretion, and listen to the what the moon has to say.
This lantern symbolizes the horned moon .
He should have worn the horns on his head .
He’s not shaped like a crescent moon, so his horns are probably invisible inside the circle.
This lantern represents the crescent moon.
I am pretending to be the man in the moon.
That’s a bigger mistake that all the others.
The man should be put inside the lantern.
How else can he be the “man in the moon?”
He doesn't dare to go in there on account of the candle.
Because, you see, the candle must first be put out.
I’m tired of this moon.
If only he would wane away.
It seems by the meager amount of light he's giving off that he is waning.
But, to be polite, we’ll have to wait to find out.
Continue, Moon.
Well, all of these should be in the lantern, because all of them are in the moon.
But be quiet!
Here comes Thisbe.
This is old Ninny’s tomb.
Where is my love?
Grr!
Nice roar, Lion!
Nice running, Thisbe!
Nice shining, Moon!
Really, the Moon shines quite well.
And then Pyramus arrived.
So then the lion disappeared.
Sweet Moon, I thank you for your sunny beams.
Curse my heart, but I feel sorry for this man.
Oh why, Mother Nature, did you create lions?
A dreadful lion has deflowered my darling, who is no, no who was the most beautiful woman that ever lived, loved, liked, or smiled.
Come, tears, overwhelm me!
This guy is just a single face of a die  the one, because he's a true original.
He’s a die with even fewer than one dot.
He's dead, so he's nothing.
With the help of a doctor he might recover and become an ass.
What's going to happen since Moonshine has left before Thisbe comes back.
She’ll see him by starlight.
Here she comes.
I don’t think this Pyramus deserves a whole lot of crying.
I hope she does her part quickly.
The difference in who's better between Pyramus and Thisbe is razor thin.
God save us from him, as a man.
She's seen him already with those sweet eyes of hers.
And so she’ll start moaning, as we expected
Are you asleep, my love?
What, are you dead, my dove?
Oh, Pyramus, wake up!
Speak, speak.
Can you talk?
Dead, dead?
A tomb must cover your sweet eyes.
Your lily white lips, your cherry red nose, your marigold yellow cheeks are gone, gone.
Lovers, moan.
His eyes were as green as leeks.
Oh, you three Fates, come, come to me, with hands as pale as milk.
Place your hands in blood, since you have cut with scissors the thread of his life.
Tongue, don't say a word.
Come, trusty sword.
Come, trusted sword, stain my breast with blood.
Goodbye, friends!
This is how Thisbe dies.
Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye.
Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.
Yes, and Wall too.
No, I assure you.
The wall that separated their fathers' land has been taken down.
Would you like to see the epilogue or see two of our actors perform a country dance?
Now the hungry lion roars and the wolf howls at the moon, while the tired farmer snores, exhausted from all the work he's done.
The embers of the fire glow, while the owl’s screeching hoot makes the man lying in his sickbed think about the shroud that will cover him in death.
Now is the time of night when the graves all open wide, and release their spirits to glide over the paths of graveyards.
And we fairies who run from the sun just like Hecate , following darkness like a dream are jolly.
I will ensure that not even a mouse will disturb this blessed house.
I’ve been sent ahead with a broom to sweep the dust behind the door.
The dying fire gives off a glimmering light throughout the house.
First rehearse your song from memory, and sing each word with a bird like note.
With everyone holding hands, we'll sing and bless this place with fairy grace.
If we actors have offended you, simply think about it this way, and everything will be better: you just slept here, and saw these visions in a dream.
This foolish and silly plot was only a dream.
In saying goodbye to my son, it's like I'm losing another husband.
And for me, in leaving, mother, I mourn my father's death all over again, but I must serve at the king's command, since I am now his subject and eternally in servitude to him.
How likely is it that his majesty will recover?
This young woman had a father oh, that word "had!  "
What a sad word it is!
What was the name of this man you speak of, madam?
He was famous in his line of work, sir, and he absolutely deserved that fame: Gerard de Narbon.
What exactly is the king's sickness, my good lord?
A fistula , my lord.
I haven't heard of that before.
Don't let the word get out.
So this woman was the daughter of Gerard de Narbon?
His only child, my lord, and left to my care.
I can see the proof of your praises in her tears, madam.
It's the best salt water a maiden can wash her praises in.
As soon as she remembers her father, the cruelty of her sorrow takes all the joy out of her cheeks.
I do perform my sorrow, but I genuinely feel it too.
Moderate mourning is what we owe to the dead, but excessive grief is an enemy to the living.
If the living is an enemy to grief, too much grief will kill the mourners.
Madam, I desire your blessing.
What should we make of that?
Be blessed, Bertram, and follow your father in behavior as well as in looks!
He'll have only the best advice from me.
Heaven bless him!
Farewell, Bertram.
I wish the best for you that you can imagine!
Take care of my mother, your mistress, and keep her well.
Farewell, pretty lady: you must maintain the reputation of your father.
Oh, if only that were all!
God be with you, beautiful queen!
And you, monarch!
No.
And no.
Are you thinking about virginity?
Yes.
You have some hint of soldier about you: let me ask you a question.
Man is the enemy of virginity: how can we barricade it up against him?
Keep him out.
Bless our poor virginity and keep it safe from conquerers and blower uppers!
Is there no military policy on how virgins could blow up men?
I will stick with it a little bit longer even if it means I die a virgin.
There's no argument in favor of it.
How might somebody lose it as she pleases, sir?
Someone what, pray tell?
Someone who I wish all the best.
It's a pity
What's a pity?
Monsieur Parolles, my lord is calling for you.
Monsieur Parolles, you were born under a generous star.
I was born under Mars, the god of war.
I especially think you were born under Mars.
Why under Mars?
You've been so subservient to the wars that you must have been born under Mars.
When the star was ascending.
When he was descending , I think, actually.
Why do you think so?
You tend to flee backwards when you fight.
That's to gain advantage.
I am so busy, I cannot answer you fully.
That's what's been reported, sir.
If your majesty thinks so highly of his love and wisdom, that should serve as sufficient guidance.
That should be good news for our soldiers, who are dying to actually get to fight.
Who's he who's just come here?
It is the Count Rousillon, my good lord, young Bertram.
I give my thanks and pledge my service to your majesty.
I wish I was as physically healthy now as when my friend your father and I first became soldiers!
If only I were with him!
I hold an important place, I know it.
How long is it, count, since the physician at your father's died?
He was very famous.
Six months ago, my lord.
If he were living, I'd still try him.
I thank your majesty.
I will hear you now.
What is this rogue doing here?
It's not unknown to you, madam, that I am a poor fellow.
Well, sir.
Will you need to be a beggar?
I do beg for your good will in this case?
In what case?
In the case of Isbel and myself.
Being servants doesn't build up much of an inheritance, and I don't think I'll ever have God's blessing until I've had children, for they say kids are blessings.
Tell me why you want to marry.
Is this your only reason?
Actually, madam, I have other nicer reasons as it so happens.
May the world know what they are?
I have been, madam, a wicked creature, just as you and anyone of flesh and blood have been.
You'll repent your marriage before you repent your wickedness.
I have no friends, madam, and I hope to have friends for my wife's sake.
Such friends are your enemies, fool.
Will you always be a foul mouthed and lying knave?
If it's alright with you, madam, he should tell Helena to come to you.
Sir, tell my gentlewoman I want to speak with her.
What, one good in ten?
You ruined the song, sir.
Get out of here, rogue, and do as I command you.
Can you imagine, woman should command man and no harm is done by it!
Well, now.
I know, madam, you love your gentlewoman completely.
Why did you summon me, madam?
You know, Helena, I am a mother to you.
My honorable mistress.
No, a mother.
Because I am not your daughter.
I say, I am your mother.
And I must not be your mother?
Yes, Helena, you might be my daughter in law.
God save you from meaning it!
"Daughter" and "mother" make your pulse quicken.
Good madam, forgive me!
Do you love my son?
I beg your pardon, noble mistress!
Do you love my son?
Don't you love him, madam?
Then, I confess, here on my knee, before heaven and you, first to you, and then to heaven, I love your son.
Did you not recently have a plan speak honestly to go to Paris?
Madam, I did.
Why?
Tell the truth.
I will tell the truth; I swear to God.
That was your reason to go to Paris, was it?
Speak.
But do you think, Helena, if you should offer this supposed help to the king that he would accept it?
Do you really believe it?
Yes, madam, completely.
It's our hope sir, after we've fought well, to return and find your grace in good health.
Health, upon your command, serve your majesty!
We hear your warnings.
Farewell.
Come along with me.
Oh, my dear lord, what a shame that you must stay behind!
It's not his fault, the little bugger.
Oh, these are exciting wars!
Most admirable: I have seen the wars.
I am commanded to remain here, and am told I am "Too young" and "the next year" and "it's too early.  "
If you're fixed on fighting, boy, steal away to the wars bravely.
There's honor in stealing if you're stealing away to fight.
Commit to doing this, count.
I am your accomplice in this, and so, farewell.
I've enjoyed our growing friendship, and our parting is torturous.
Farewell, captain.
Sweet Monsieur Parolles!
Noble heroes, my sword and yours are family.
We shall, noble captain.
May Mars look down on you, his young warriors!
What will you do, Bertram?
Hold on: the king comes.
And I will do so.
They're worthy fellows, and they'll probably prove to be talented sword men.
Give pardon, my lord, to me and my news.
I'll ask you to stand up.
Then a man stands here before you having received his pardon.
I wish you had kneeled, my lord, to ask me for mercy, and that you'd have waited for my permission to stand up too.
No.
Oh, do you not like to eat grapes, my royal fox ?
What "her" do you speak of?
No, I'll get her for you, and I won't take all day either.
He always introduces his topic with this special nonsense.
No, come along.
You've done this quickly indeed.
Now, beautiful one, does your business here have to do with me?
Yes, my good lord.
I knew him.
Then I won't waste breath praising him.
If you know him, that's enough.
Having done my duty in making you this offer will be enough payment for coming here.
I won't try harder to convince you to try this.
What I can offer can hardly hurt to try since you're convinced you're beyond curing.
Are you so confident?
How long do you think it will take for this cure to work?
How much are you willing to wager on your certainty and confidence?
An accusation of arrogance, the boldness of a whore, an infamous shame carried out in horrid ballads: my maiden's name defamed this way and that.
I think some blessed sprit speaks in you, his powerful sound playing from a weak organ.
If your cure doesn't meet this deadline, or if I don't do exactly what I've said, then let me die without pity, and it will be well deserved.
Make your demand.
But will you do whatever I ask?
Yes, by my scepter and my hopes to go to heaven.
To the court!
Well, that's quite an answer that can respond to all questions.
It's like a barber's chair that fits all types of buttocks: the narrow buttock, the fat buttock, the brawny buttock, or any buttock.
Will you answer be fit to respond to all questions?
Have you, I say, an answer that can respond to all questions?
From a duke to a constable, it will be good for any question.
It must be an answer of a gigantic size that would fit any question.
But a little one, actually, to speak the truth: here it is and everything attached to it.
Ask me if I am a nobleman: it won't hurt you to learn.
"Oh Lord, sir!  "
That's a phrase used to evade answering the question.
More, more questions, ask a hundred of them.
Sir, I am a poor friend of yours, that cares for you.
"Oh Lord, sir!  "
More, more, don't spare me with your questions.
I think, sir, you can't eat more of this plain meat.
"Oh Lord, sir!  "
No, ask me more of these, I beg you.
You were recently whipped, sir, I think.
"Oh Lord, sir!  "
Don't spare me.
Do you cry, "Oh Lord, sir?"
about your whipping, and "Don't spare me?"
Indeed, your "Oh Lord, sir!  "
I never had worse luck in my life in my "Oh Lord, sir!  "
than the threat of whipping.
I act like a noble household manager entertaining the time with a fool like this.
"Oh Lord, sir!  "
Why, there, now, the phrase is serving me well again.
Let's wrap this up, sir.
Not much best wishes to them.
Not much of a task for you: you understand me?
Most heartily.
Go quickly again.
Why, it's the strangest story of wonder that has come to pass in modern times.
And so it is.
To be given up on by the physicians
That's what I've been saying.
Both the schools of ancient and more recent medicine.
That's what I've been saying.
Of all the learned and famous doctors
Right.
That said he was incurable
Why, there it is.
Not to be helped
An uncertain life and definite death.
I may truly say, this is a new thing in the world.
"A showing of a heavenly effect in an earthly man.  "
Why, no dolphin is more sprightly than the king now.
Very hand of heaven.
Yes, so I say.
In a most weak and feeble person, great power, great heavenly transcendence.
I would have said it just like that.
You say it well.
A ridiculous oath !
Isn't that Helena?
By God, I think it is.
Go, call all the lords in the court before me.
Sit, my savior, by your patient's side, and with this healthy hand, whose death sentence you've revoked, hear me confirm a second time the gift I've promised you.
Gentlemen, through me, heaven has restored the king to health.
We understand that, and we thank heaven for you.
I am a simple maid and I am most valuable in my simple maidenhood.
Now, chaste Diana, I fly from your altar, and turn with my sighs to powerful Love, that most mighty of gods.
Sir, will you hear my wishes?
And grant them.
Thanks, sir.
Before I speak, the honor, sir, that I see in your fair eyes, seems to reply threateningly: I hope that love will make your fortunes twenty times greater than my own humble love can offer!
No better, if you please.
Well, receive my wish, anyway, which I hope Love will grant you!
And so, I take my leave of you.
Do they all deny her?
If they were sons of mine, I'd have them whipped, or else I'd send them Turkey to be made into eunuchs .
You are too young, too happy, and too good, to father a son from my blood.
Fair one, I don't think that.
Why, then, young Bertram, take her, she's your wife.
My wife, my lord!
I will plead with your highness that in such a business I can use my own eyes to make my choice.
Don't you know what she's done for me, Bertram?
Yes, my good lord, but I don't have a clue why I should marry her.
You know that she has raised me from my sickbed.
But does it make sense, my lord, that I must be brought down because you've been raised up?
It's only her title that you hate in her, and that I can improve.
I cannot love her and I won't try to.
You wrong yourself if you should try to get out of this.
I'm just glad you're recovered, my lord.
I take her hand.
Did you hear that, monsieur?
I'd like to have a word with you.
What do you want, sir?
Your lord and master made the right choice to take back what he'd said.
Take it back!
My lord!
My master!
They're harsh ones, and they're not to be understood without a bloody fight.
My master!
Are you companion to the Count Rousillon?
To any counts, to all counts, to all mankind.
I must tell you, sir, I call myself a man.
I'd love to fight you, but I dare not.
If you didn't have the privilege of being ancient
Don't go too far in anger or you might speed up the time of your trial; which if Lord have mercy on you, chicken!
So, my good see through window, farewell: I don't need to open you up because I can see through you.
Give me your hand.
My lord, you do me most remarkably wrong.
Yes, with all my heart, and you are worthy of it.
I have not, my lord, deserved it.
Yes, good faith, every piece of it, and I won't give you back a hair.
Well, I will be wiser.
Do that as soon as you can, for you'll have to be the total opposite of what you are now.
If you ever find yourself tied up in your scarf and beaten, you'll find out what it means to be proud of your bondage.
My lord, you irritate me enormously.
Well, you have a son who will pay for this disgraceful talk.
Worthless, old, filthy, worthless lord!
Who?
God?
Yes, sir.
The devil is your master.
Why do you dress up your arms in this fashion ?
Do you make pantaloons of sleeves?
Do other servants do so?
You'd do best to put your leg where your nose is.
This is harsh and undeserved talk, my lord.
Undone, and sacrificed to woes forever!
What's the matter, sweet heart?
Although I've sworn to love in front of the solemn priest, I will not sleep with her.
What, what, sweet heart?
Oh, my Parolles, they have forced me to marry!
I'll flee to the Tuscan wars and never sleep with her.
France is a hellhole and it no longer deserves a man's foot walking on it.
Yes, that should be known.
To the wars, my boys, to the wars!
A man keep his honor hidden away, when he stays at home with his darling spending his manly energy in her arms, when he should be riding and leaping on Mars's fiery horse in war.
In the eyes of other nations, France is like a stable and the people who dwell in it are horses.
Will you stick to this commitment?
Are you sure?
Go with me to my chamber and advise me.
Why, these tennis balls are bouncing now, you can hear it.
My mother greets me kindly.
If she is so well, what pains her, that she's still not very well?
Truly, she's very well indeed, except for two things.
What two things?
One, that she's not in heaven, where God will send her quickly!
The other, that she's on the earth, from where God will send her quickly!
God bless you, my fortunate lady!
I hope, sir, I have your blessing to celebrate my own good fortune.
If you could have her wrinkles and I could have her money, I wish she would do as you say.
But I have said nothing.
Get away!
You're a rogue.
Get out, you're a witty fool.
Did you find me in yourself, sir?
Or were you taught to find me?
You're a good rascal, I swear, and well fed.
What else does he want me to do?
What else does he command?
That, once you've done this, you wait to hear more from him.
In everything, I serve him.
I shall report that to him.
I pray you do so.
Come, sir.
But I hope your lordship doesn't think that he's a soldier.
Yes, my lord, and with very brave proof of it.
You've heard that from him.
And by other believable testimony.
Then my estimation of him was wrong.
I do assure you, my lord, he has a lot of knowledge and is very brave.
These things will be done, sir.
Pray you, sir, who's his tailor ?
Sir?
Has she gone to the king?
She has.
Will she leave court tonight?
As you bid her.
I have written my letters, packed up my treasure, called for our horses, and tonight, when I should be consummating my marriage, I'll end that act before it begins.
Is there a feud between you and this lord, monsieur?
I don't know what I've done to earn his displeasure.
You have managed to run directly into my displeasure, boots and spurs and all, like a jester who jumped into the custard , and you'll flee again rather than stick around to defend yourself.
It might be that you're mistaken about him, my lord.
And I'll continue to be mistaken about him forever, then, even if I stumbled upon him praying.
He's a foolish lord, I swear.
I think so.
Why, do you not know him?
Yes, I do know him well, and most people say he's very worthy.
Here comes my clog .
I will obey his request.
It will be two days before I will see you, so I'll leave you to your thoughts.
Sir, I can't say anything except that I am your most obedient servant.
Come, come, no more of that.
And I shall forever with truth and honesty aim to be worthy of this great fortune which my plain upbringing did not deserve.
Please, sir, your pardon.
Well, what would you say?
What is it that you want?
Something.
I plead with you, don't stay here, but hurry to your horse.
I won't fail to do what you command, my good lord.
Where are my other men, monsieur?
Farewell.
Yes, go towards home where I will never come while I can still use my sword or hear the drums of war.
Let's get away, and prepare to flee.
Bravely, courage!
It seems like God is on your side in this fight, your grace.
That's why we're astonished that the King of France would refuse to help us when we have such a just cause and pray for support.
Well, he'll do as he pleases.
But I'm sure that our younger countrymen, that are sick of easy leisure, will come here to recover themselves more and more every day.
It's all happened just as I wanted it to, except that he doesn't come along with her.
Truthfully, I think my young lord is a very melancholy man.
Based on what, may I ask?
Why, he tends to look at his boot and sing, mend his ruff and sing, ask questions and sing, pick his teeth and sing.
I know a man that had this melancholic trait and sold a vast manor in exchange for a song.
Let me see what he writes and when he means to come home.
What have we here?
Whatever it is that you have there.
Oh madam, over there comes heavy news shared between two soldiers and the young lady!
What's the matter?
Why should he be killed?
I hope you're well, good madam.
Madam, my lord is gone, forever gone.
Don't say so.
Be patient.
Please, gentlemen, I have been pushed back and forth between joy and grief in such fits and stars, that I can barely take in the sudden announcement of either one of them and react like a woman.
Look at his letter, madam.
"When you can get the ring off my finger which will never come off, and when you can show me a child born from your body that I am the father to, then you can call me husband.
But I write a 'never' on top of this 'then.  '"
You brought this letter, gentlemen?
Yes, madam.
And to become a soldier?
That's his noble purpose, and you can believe that the duke will bestow him with all the honors that the moment makes suitable.
You're returning there?
Yes, madam, as fast as we can.
"Until I have no wife, I have nothing in France.  "
It's bitter.
Was that written in the letter?
Yes, madam.
It's but the rashness of his hand, maybe, and his heart doesn't go along with it.
Nothing in France until he has no wife!
Just a servant, and a gentleman who I've met a few times.
Parolles, wasn't it?
Yes, my good lady, it was him.
A very foul fellow, and full of wickedness.
My son corrupts his formerly moral nature by spending time with Parolles.
You're welcome, gentlemen.
I will ask you that, when you see my son, to tell him that his sword can never earn him the honor that he's given up.
We serve you, madam, in that and all your affairs where we can be of service.
Not really, only in exchanging courtesies.
Will you come along with me?
"Until I have no wife, I have nothing in France.  "
Nothing in France until he has no wife!
You will have no wife, Rousillon , none in France.
Then you'll have everything back again.
Sir, that's too weighty an honor for my little worth, but still I'll try to bear it for your sake, even to the death.
Oh no!
And you took the letter from her?
Didn't you figure out what she was going to do when she gave you a letter to send to me?
Read it again.
Oh, how sharply even her mildest words sting me!
What angel will bless this unworthy husband of hers?
He cannot expect salvation, unless her prayers, which God will delight to hear and surely will grant, save him from damnation.
No, come, because if they do come towards the city, we won't be able to see them.
They say the French count has served very honorably.
It's been reported that he has captured their greatest commander and that he slew the duke's brother himself.
Come, let's return again, and be satisfied just hearing a report of it.
I told my neighbor how you've been propositioned by the gentleman who's the earl's companion.
I know that scoundrel.
You don't need to worry about me being fooled.
I hope not.
To Saint Jaques le Grand.
Where do the pilgrims stay, could you tell me, please?
At the inn with the sign of Saint Francis here near the port.
Is this the way?
Yes, it certainly is.
Listen up!
They're coming this way.
Is it yourself?
If that's all right with you, pilgrim.
I thank you, and I'll wait until it's a good time for you.
You came, I think, from France?
I did.
Here you're about to see a countryman of yours that has served worthily.
His name, tell me.
The Count Rousillon.
Whatever else he is, he's been a brave soldier.
He fled from France, as it's reported, because the king had made him marry a bride he didn't like.
Yes, surely, it's absolutely the truth.
There is a gentleman who serves the count who only reports rude things about her.
What's his name?
Mister Parolles.
Alas, poor lady!
It's a hard bondage to become the wife of a lord who detests you.
What do you mean?
Maybe the loving count is trying to seduce her?
The gods forbid she do otherwise!
So, now they come.
That is Antonio, the duke's eldest son.
Which one is the Frenchman?
I like his looks.
Which one's he?
That silly looking man in the scarves.
Maybe he got hurt in the battle.
Lose our drum !
Well.
He's clearly upset about something.
Well, hang him!
And his manners , the dirty deceiver!
The troop's gone past.
We'll take your offer gratefully.
No, my good lord, put him to the test.
If your lordship doesn't find him to be a worthless nothing, don't respect me any longer.
On my life, my lord, he'll prove to be nothing but a bubble.
You really think I'm so completely deceived by him?
I wish I could think of a particular way to test him.
There's no better way than to let him fetch back his lost drum which we've all heard him so confidently say he'll do.
How now, monsieur!
This situation with the drum is making you moody.
Just move on, get over it, it's only a drum.
"Only a drum!  "
Is it "only a drum?"
A drum lost in this way!
What an excellent command to charge right into battle with the cavalry coming in on either side, and to divide our own soldiers!
It might have been stolen back.
It might have, but there's no way now.
By the hand of a soldier, I will do this.
But now you must sleep on it.
Can I be so bold to tell his grace that you are going to attempt this?
I don't know if I'll be successful, my lord, but I vow that I will attempt it.
I know you are valiant, and I'll support you when I speak of your soldierly ability.
Farewell.
I do not love speaking at length.
Sure, no more than a fish loves water.
Why, do you think he will really make no attempt at all to do this thing he so seriously vows to do?
We'll have you watch some sport with the fox before we reveal him.
I must go prepare the trap .
Your brother shall go along with me.
As your lordship requests.
Now I'l lead you to the house and show you the lady I was telling you about.
But you say she's honest.
With all my heart, my lord.
If you doubt that I'm she, I don't know how else I'll prove it to you further without ruining my whole plan.
Nor would I wish you to do so.
I'm led to believe you for you've shown me things that convincingly demonstrate that you have a great fortune.
Take this purse of gold, and let me pay for your help so far, which I'll over pay and pay over again once your help is complete.
Now I see the endgame of your plan.
There's no other way that he can come except by these bushes.
Good captain, let me be the interpreter.
Don't you know him?
Doesn't he know your voice?
No, sir, I promise you.
But what nonsense language do you have to speak back to us?
Whatever nonsense language you speak to me.
He must be convinced that we're some group of strangers connected to our enemy.
This is the first truth that your tongue has ever been guilty of.
What the devil would make me attempt to get back this drum since I know it's impossible and I have no reason to go after it?
Is it possible he should know what he's like and still behave the way that he does?
I'm thinking maybe cutting my garments would do the trick, or breaking my Spanish sword.
The army can't afford that.
Or cutting off my beard and saying I lost it in a fight.
That wouldn't do.
Or to drown my clothes and say they were stripped off me.
That would hardly serve.
And I'd swear that I leapt from the window of the fortress.
How deep?
Thirty fathoms.
Even if you swore three great oaths, that would hardly be believable.
I wish I had any drum belonging to the enemy.
You'll hear one soon.
Throca movousus, cargo, cargo, cargo.
Cargo, cargo, cargo, villiando par corbo, cargo.
Oh, I'll pay ransom, I'll pay ransom!
Don't cover my eyes!
Boskos thromuldo boskos.
Oh!
Oh, pray, pray, pray!
Manka revania dulche.
Oscorbidulchos volivorco.
Oh, let me live!
But will you do so honestly?
If I don't, damn me.
Acordo linta.
Come on.
Go, tell the Count Rousillon, and my brother, we have caught the fool, and will keep him tied up until we hear from them.
Captain, I will.
He will betray us all to ourselves.
So I will, sir.
Till then I'll keep him blindfolded and securely imprisoned.
They told me that your name was Fontibell .
No, my good lord, it's Diana.
You have a goddess' name.
And you're worth it, and then some!
She was honest then .
You would honest too.
Think of how much I've sworn to you!
It seems like men make ropes into such a snare that we'll give ourselves up.
Give me that ring.
I'll lend it to you, my dear, but I don't have the option of giving it away.
Will you not, my lord?
I've won a heaven on earth by wooing you.
And I hope you'll live to thank heaven and me for that!
You may do so in the end.
You haven't given him his mother's letter?
He deserves all the blame placed on him for getting rid of such a good wife and sweet lady.
Especially since he's earned the everlasting displeasure of the king, who had gone all out in his generosity to, and happiness for, him.
I will tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
When you've spoken it, it's dead, and it's buried in me.
Now, God protect us from our fleshly desires!
Without God's help, what things we turn out to be!
Just traitors to ourselves.
Isn't it supposed to be sinful to go around proclaiming our immoral desires?
We won't have his company tonight then?
In the meantime, what have you heard of these wars?
I've heard there's been a start to peace talks.
No, I assure you, peace has been made.
What will Count Rousillon do then?
Will he travel onwards, or go back to France?
I gather, by this question, that you're not a close confidant of his.
What proof is there?
Does the count have this information?
Yes, and the specific confirmations, point by point, so all the evidence showing it to be true.
I am very sorry that this news will have made him glad.
Sometimes we mightily make comforts out of our losses!
And some other times we mightily drown the positives in tears!
All the great respect that his bravery has earned him here will be matched by an equal shame at home.
What's going on?
Where's your master?
Those will definitely be necessary even if they're full of more praise than he deserves.
They can't be sweet enough for the king's displeasure.
Here's his lordship now.
How's it going, my lord?
Isn't it after midnight?
If this business is at all difficult, and you're leaving this morning, your lordship had better hurry up.
I mean, the business is not ended, as in I'm afraid word will get out later.
But shall we hear this dialogue between the fool and the soldier?
Come, bring for this lying rogue, he has deceived me, like a fortune teller who speaks in double meanings.
No matter: his heels have deserved the discomfort for pretending to be brave for so long.
How does he behave himself?
I've told your lordship already, he behaves like a coward.
Nothing of me, has he?
A plague on him!
I wish his mouth were covered!
He can say nothing about me: hush, hush!
The blindfolded man comes!
Portotartarosa.
He calls for the tortures to begin.
Bosko chimurcho.
Boblibindo chicurmurco.
You are a merciful general.
Our general commands you answer to what I shall ask you from this piece of paper.
And I'll answer truly, as truly as I hope to live.
"First, ask him how many horses are in the duke's army.  "
What do you say to that?
Should I write that down as your answer?
It's all the same to him.
This slave is beyond saving!
I will never trust a man again for keeping his sword clean.
Nor will I believe he can be a great man just because he wears his uniform neatly.
Well, that's written down.
Five or six thousand horses, I said I will tell the truth or thereabouts.
He is very near the truth in this.
But I'll give him no thanks for it, given the situation in which he delivers it.
Poor scoundrels, please, say something.
Well, that's written down.
"Demand of him how strong they are on foot.  "
What do you say to that?
I swear, sir, if I were to die this hour, I would tell the truth.
What shall be done to him?
Nothing, just thank him.
Demand from him what he thinks of my qualities and what the Duke thinks of me.
Well, that's written down.
I plead with you, let me answer to each particular question.
Do you know this Captian Dumain?
No, hold on, resist fighting him, even though I know you'll smash his brains out at the nearest opportunity.
Well, is this captain in the Duke of Florence's camp?
As far as I know he is, and he's lousy.
What's his reputation with the Duke?
Okay, we'll search.
I don't know if that's it or not.
Our interpreter's good at this.
He's excellent.
"Diana, the count's a fool, and only very rich,"
No, I'll read it first, if you don't mind.
Damned two timing rogue!
He'll be whipped throughout the army with this rhyme stuck in his forehead.
This is supposedly your devoted friend, sir, who speaks so many languages and is such a brave soldier.
I used to be able to tolerate anything except a cat and now this man is like a cat to me.
I see, sir, based on the general's expression, we'll have to hang you.
I'm starting to find this endearing.
Because of this description of your honesty?
A curse on him, I say.
What do you have to say about his expertise in war?
He's out villained villainy so far, but this nice gesture is redeeming.
Curse him, he's still a cat.
Given that you've rated his qualities so poorly, I don't need to waste time asking you if he could be bribed with gold to revolt.
What's his brother like, the other Captain Dumain?
Why does he ask him about me?
What's he like?
In order to save your life, will you be willing to betray the Florentine?
Yes, and the captain of his horse, Count Rousillon.
I'll whisper with the general and find out what he wants.
I won't drum anymore.
Oh Lord, sir, let me live, or let me at least see my death!
Yes, you will do that, and say farewell to all your friends.
So, look around you.
Good morning, noble captain.
God bless you, Captain Parolles.
God protect you, noble captain.
Captain, what greeting will you send to Lord Lafeu?
I'm going to France.
Good captain, will you give me a copy of the sonnet that you wrote to Diana on behalf of the Count Rousillon?
If I weren't a total coward, I'd demand it of you.
You are ruined, captain, all but your scarf.
Who cannot be crushed by a plot against them?
If you could discover a country where only women were and all of them had been as shamed as you've been, maybe you could father a shameless nation.
Gentle madam, you never had a servant who trusted you more in whatever you say.
Indeed, sir, she was like the sweet marjoram in the salad, or, if you prefer, the herb of grace, rue.
Those aren't herbs, you dummy.
Which do you claim yourself to be, a rogue or a fool?
A fool, sir, when I serve a woman, and a rogue when I serve a man.
What's the difference?
I would steal the man's wife and do his service with her.
Then you'd definitely be a rogue if that was the service you did him.
And I would give his wife my rod , sir, to do her service.
I'll say it's true, you are both a rogue and a fool.
At your service.
No, no no.
But, sir, if I cannot serve you, I can serve a man who's as great a prince as you are.
Who's that?
A Frenchman?
Indeed, sir, he has an English name, but his face is hotter in France than in England.
What prince is that?
If I play any tricks on them, sir, they would be jades' tricks , which they deserve given their names.
A clever rogue and an unhappy one.
So he is.
I like him a lot.
It makes me very content, my lord, and I hope it will come to pass happily.
It makes me happy to hope that I will see the king before I die.
Madam, I was wondering what I'd need to say to be admitted to that meeting.
My lady, I've been as bold as I would dare in saying that, but I thank God it hasn't failed me yet.
A scar he received nobly, or a noble scar, is a good sign of honor.
But it is your slashed face.
Wow, there's a dozen of them, with delicate, fine hats and fancy feathers, which weigh down their heads and look like they're nodding at every man.
This man might help me to reach the king if he's willing to lend a hand.
God bless you, sir.
And you.
Sir, I have seen you at the French court.
I have been there sometimes.
How can I help?
If you could please give this little letter to the king, and help me with whatever power you have to visit him in person.
The king's not here.
Not here, sir?
Lord, we've been exhausting ourselves for nothing!
All's well that ends well still, even though our timing and methods seem to fail us.
I beg you, where's the king gone?
Well, as far as I know, to Roussillon.
I'll do this for you.
And you'll find yourself to be well thanked, whatever else happens.
We must ride our horses again.
Go, go, get the horses.
Well, fortune in a bad mood must be quite dirty if it smells as strongly as you do.
No, you don't need to hold your nose sir.
Well, sir, since your metaphor stinks, I will hold my nose.
I'd hold my nose at any man's metaphor.
I hope, sir, that you'll deliver this note.
Pffh!
My lord, I am a man who has been cruelly scratched by fortune.
And what would have me do about that?
It's too late to trim Fortune's nails now.
I beg your honor to listen to one single word from me.
You beg just a single penny more from me.
My name is Parolles, my good lord.
You beg more than just one "word" then.
By God!
Give me your hand.
How is your drum?
Oh, my good lord, you were the first man that found me out!
Was I, really?
And I was the first man that lost you too.
How dare you, you rascal!
Do you claim that I do the work of both God and the devil at the same time?
One is bringing you into favor and the other one's bringing you out of it.
The king's coming.
I praise God for you.
My honored lady, I have forgiven and forgotten everything, though I was ready to revenge her death on him and was just waiting for the right time.
When we praise what we've lost, it makes remembering even more dear to us.
I will, my lord.
What does he say to your daughter?
Have you spoken with him?
All that he has said has focused on your highness.
Then we shall have a match made.
I've had letters sent to me that put him among the most famous.
He looks well considering.
Dear king, pardon me for my wrongs that I greatly repent.
Which I hope will go better than the first, oh dear heaven, bless!
If not, I hope I die before they meet!
It wasn't hers.
My gracious king, whatever you think you know, the ring was never hers.
I am sure I saw her wear it.
Plutus himself, the god of riches who knows how to turn metals into gold, doesn't know more about the science of nature than I know about this ring.
She never saw it.
If you can prove that the ring was ever hers, you can prove as easily that I slept with her in bed in Florence, where she's never been.
I am overwhelmed by terrible thoughts.
"After he told me many times that he would marry me when his wife was dead, I blush to say that I gave myself to him.
I will buy myself a son in law at a fair and sell this one.
The heavens have been kind to you, Lafeu, to reveal this information.
Find these people who want to speak to me.
Go quickly and bring the count back in.
Now, may the perpetrators be brought to justice!
What woman is that?
Come here, count.
Why do you look upon your wife like you're a stranger?
She's not my wife, my lord.
Your reputation is much too bad to marry my daughter.
My good lord, ask him to swear that he didn't take my virginity.
What do you say to her?
She's shameless, my lord, and was a common whore for the soldiers.
I thought you said you saw someone in the court who could be a witness.
I did, my lord, but I hate to produce such a bad man.
I saw the man today, if he is a man.
Find him, and bring him here.
You'll believe Parolles?
She has your ring.
I don't have it.
What ring belonged to you, can I ask?
Sir, a ring very similar to the one on your finger.
You know this ring?
This ring belonged to him recently.
And this was the ring I gave him when we were in bed.
I have spoken the truth.
My lord, I confess that the ring was hers.
You tell lies manically, every change in the story startles you.
Is this the man you mean?
Yes, my lord.
Come, come, answer my question: did he love this woman?
Well, sir, he did love her.
How, will you tell us?
Sir, he loved her as a gentleman loves a woman.
How is that?
Sir, he loved her and loved her not.
Just like you're a rogue and not a rogue.
What a rambling companion this man is!
I am a poor man, and at your majesty's command.
He beats the drum, well, my lord, but he speaks naughtily.
Do you know he promised me marriage?
Well, I know more than I'll say.
You won't say all you know?
Yes, if it please your majesty.
Yes, my good lord.
Where did you buy it?
Or who gave it to you?
It was not given to me and I did not buy it.
Who lent it to you?
It wasn't lent to me either.
Where did you find it, then?
I didn't find it.
If you didn't get it any of these ways, how did you have it to give it to him?
I never gave it to him.
This woman's like a loose glove, my lord.
This ring belonged to me.
It could be yours or it could be hers for all that I know.
I'll never tell you.
Take her away.
I'll post my bail, my lord.
Now I think you probably are a whore.
By God, if I've ever slept with a man, it was you.
Why have you accused him of sleeping with you all this time then?
She just talks nonsense to us.
Good mother, get my bail.
Hold one moment, royal sir.
The jeweler that the ring came from is coming, and he will pay my bail.
Is there no sorcerer who has bewitched me to see what my eyes present to me?
Is what I see real?
Both, both.
Oh, forgive me!
Oh, my good lord, when I pretended to be this maid, I found you incredibly kind.
My lord, if she can explain this to me clearly, I'll love her dearly, ever, ever dearly.
If it's not clear and it proves untrue, then we'll instantly be separated by divorce!
Oh, my dear mother, do I see you alive?
My eyes smell onions.
Tell us the story from beginning to end so that we can enjoy the whole tale.
I'm telling you, our general's ridiculous infatuation goes beyond the limits of reasonable behavior.
Those handsome eyes of his, that used to shine like Mars's when he looked over the lines of troops, now turn away and give their duty and love to a woman with a dark complexion.
If you really love me, tell me how much.
I'll mark off boundaries to see how far your love extends.
I have news from Rome, my good lord.
That irritates me.
No, listen to him, Antony.
Maybe Fulvia is angry.
Why are you talking like this, my love?
Maybe?
No, this is definitely the news.
You shouldn't stay here any longer.
Caesar has given you your orders.
So, pay attention, Antony.
Where's the summons from Fulvia?
From Caesar, I should say or both?
Call in the messengers.
As sure as I'm Egypt's queen, I say you're blushing, Antony, and your blush shows your loyalty to Caesar.
Either that, or it shows you're shame when Fulvia scolds you with her shrill tongue.
Call in the messengers!
Let Rome collapse into the Tiber River and the whole extent of the wide empire fall.
The only empire I want is right here.
Conquering foreign lands is worthless.
Land is just something that animals feed off of, the same way humans do.
What an eloquent lie!
Why did Antony marry Fulvia if he didn't love her?
I'll pretend to believe him.
I know that Antony will keep acting so foolishly.
Yes, but only because of you.
Now, since we love Love and the relaxing hours it brings, let's not ruin our time together by arguing.
We shouldn't let a minute pass without pleasure.
How shall we entertain ourselves tonight?
Listen to the messengers.
Don't talk like that, you stubborn Queen!
But everything you do is endearing, whether you criticize, laugh, or cry; every emotion you express becomes attractive and admirable!
The only messages I want to hear are yours, and tonight we'll wander through the streets alone and observe the people we meet.
Come, my Queen, this was what you wanted last night.
Don't talk to me .
Does Antony care so little about Caesar's orders?
Sir, sometimes he doesn't behave like Antony, and he doesn't care about the things that the Antony we know should care about.
There are people back in Rome who say he's not acting the way he should, and I'm sorry that he's proving them right.
But I hope he'll behave better tomorrow.
Soothsayer!
What do you want?
Is this the person you were talking about?
Are you the one, sir, who has supernatural knowledge?
I know a little about the world's many secrets.
Show him your hand.
Bring in the banquet quickly.
Bring in enough wine to toast to Cleopatra's health.
Good sir, give me a good fortune.
Then please tell me what mine is going to be.
You'll be more beautiful in the future than you are right now.
He means that I'll get fatter.
No, he means that you'll use makeup when you get old.
God forbid I get wrinkles!
Don't annoy this wise man.
Pay attention to him.
Hush!
You'll love other people more than they love you.
I would rather drink than love.
No, listen to him.
Come on, tell me some good news now!
You will live longer than your mistress.
Oh, excellent!
I love long life even better than figs .
Your life up until now has been happier than it will be in the future.
Then maybe all my children will be illegitimate.
Tell me, how many little boys and girls will I have?
If every one of your wishes were a child, you would have a million children.
Get out of here, fool!
You think no one knows your wishes but your bed .
No, come on, tell Iras her fortune.
We'll all have our fortunes told.
My fortune, and most of ours, tonight will be that we go to bed drunk.
My palm tells you that I'm chaste, if nothing else.
Go away, you lusty friend, you can't tell fortunes.
No, if I don't know the meaning of a sweaty palm , I can't scratch my ear.
Please, just tell her an ordinary, everyday kind of fortune.
You have the same fortunes.
But how, but how?
Give me details.
I've said what I have to say.
Don't I have at least a slightly better fortune than she does?
Well, if you had just an inch more fortune than me, where would you want it?
Not in my husband's nose .
May God correct our inappropriate thoughts.
Alexas!
Come on, his fortune, tell his fortune!
Amen, dear goddess, hear that prayer from the people!
Because, just as it's a tragedy to see a handsome man with an unfaithful wife, it's also a tragedy to see an ugly scoundrel with a faithful wife.
Therefore, Isis, respect what's appropriate and treat him accordingly.
Amen.
Honestly, if they had it in their power to make me a cuckold, they would be willing to make themselves whores to do it.
Hush!
Here comes Antony.
It's not him, it's the Queen.
Enter CLEOPATRA CLEOPATRA enters.
Have you seen my lord?
No, lady.
Wasn't he here?
No, madam.
He was in the mood for fun and games, but then he suddenly started thinking about Rome.
Enorbarbus!
Madam?
Find him and bring him here.
Where's Alexas?
I'm at your service.
My lord approaches.
I won't look at him.
Go with us.
Your wife Fulvia first entered the battlefield.
She was fighting against my brother Lucius?
Well, what worse news could you have than that?
When a messenger delivers bad news, people usually hate him for it.
Only if they're fools or cowards.
Continue with your news.
I don't get upset about things that are already over and done with.
You were about to say "While Antony.  "
Oh my lord!
Tell me the truth.
Don't downplay the common people's poor opinion of me.
Speak about Cleopatra the way they speak about her in Rome.
Scold me using the same words my wife uses, and mock my faults as fully possible, whether you want to speak the truth or want to be malicious.
I'll see you again when you please.
What news do you have from Sicyon?
You there, speak.
The messenger from Sicyon
Is there one?
He's outside waiting for you to call him in.
Let him come in.
Your wife Fulvia is dead.
Where did she die?
In Sicyon.
This letter tells you how long she was sick, along with more important matters.
Leave me.
What do you want, sir?
I must leave here quickly.
Why, that would kill all our women.
We see that unkindness is fatal to them.
They'll die if we leave.
I must leave.
If it's absolutely necessary, then let women die.
She is too cunning for a man to outwit.
No, sir, no, her passions aren't cunning performances, they arise from the best part of pure love.
We can't refer to her storms and floods as sighs and tears.
Her sighs and tears are bigger storms and tempests than any book could describe.
It would be impossible for her to fake them.
If they come from her scheming, then she must be able to control the rain like Jove .
I wish I had never met her!
Oh sir, then you would have missed a wonderful sight, which would have reduced the glory of your adventures while traveling.
Fulvia is dead.
Excuse me?
Fulvia is dead.
Fulvia?
Dead.
Why, sir, give a sacrifice to the gods in thanks.
When the gods decide to take a man's wife from him, a man takes comfort from realizing that there are tailors on earth who can make a new robe when the old one is worn out .
She has started some business in Rome that makes it necessary for me to return.
And the business you have started here makes it necessary for you to stay here, especially Cleopatra's business, which depends entirely on your presence.
No more of these jokes.
Tell my officers what I intend to do.
I will let the Queen know why we have to leave so quickly and get her permission to go.
I will do it.
Where is he?
I haven't seen him recently.
Find out where he is, who he's with, and what he's doing.
Don't tell him I sent you.
If you see that he's sad, tell him I'm happy.
If you see that he's happy, tell him that I've suddenly gotten sick.
Go quickly and come back.
What should I be doing that I'm not doing?
Let him have his own way in everything.
Don't oppose him at all.
You fool, you're telling me the best way to lose him.
Don't test him so much.
I wish that you'd cut it out.
I'm sick and out of sorts.
I'm sorry to have to tell you what I came to tell you.
Help me away, dear Charmian!
I will faint.
I cannot last much longer.
This body of mine can't take it.
Now, my dearest Queen
Please, stand further away from me.
What's the matter?
I can tell by your expression that you've received some good news.
What, does your wife tell you to come home?
I wish she had never allowed you to come here!
Don't let her say that it's I who kept you here.
I don't have any power over you.
You belong to her.
The gods know best
Oh, there never was a queen who was betrayed so terribly!
But I saw from the start the signs that you would betray me.
Cleopatra
Most sweet Queen
No, please, don't try to come up with an excuse for leaving, just say goodbye and go.
What are you saying, my lady?
I wish I were as big as you.
She's dead, my queen.
Oh you unfaithful lover!
Where are the tears that you should be shedding in sorrow?
Now I see, I see from Fulvia's death, that you wouldn't cry over my death either.
Don't fight with me anymore, but listen to my plans, which I will execute or abandon according to what you tell me.
Cut my lace , Charmian, come!
No, let it be.
I move quickly between sickness and health, just the way Antony loves.
My precious Queen, please stop this, and be honest that my love is true.
Yes, that's what Fulvia told me.
Please, turn away and cry for her.
You'll make me angry.
No more of this.
You can give a better performance than that, but that was pretty good.
Now, I swear by my sword
And by your shield.
His acting keeps getting better.
But this still isn't his best work.
Look, I tell you, Charmian, how well this Herculean Roman puts on the appearance of rage.
I'll leave you, lady.
Courteous lord, one word.
Sir, you and I must part, but that's not what I wanted to say.
Sir, you and I have loved each other, but that's not what I wanted to say either.
If you weren't the queen of immaturity, I would think you were immaturity itself.
It's hard work to be foolish deep down the way I am.
But, sir, forgive me, since these changes in my behavior disgust me when they don't please you.
Your honor requires you to leave.
Let us go.
Come.
You will see Lepidus, and know for the future, that I am not naturally inclined to hate this great competitor of mine.
I cannot believe there are enough faults in the world to negate all his good qualities.
You're too lenient.
Here's more news.
Your orders have been carried out, and every hour, most noble Caesar, you'll have news about how things are going abroad.
I should have guessed this would happen.
Caesar, I've come to tell you that Menecrates and Menas, those famous pirates, have taken over the sea, which they cross in vessels of every kind.
They're coming into Italy by many roads the territories on the coast aren't brave enough to stop them and spirited young men revolt and join them.
Antony, come away from your self indulgent celebrations.
His current state is a great pity.
Tomorrow, Caesar, I'll be able to tell you accurately what troops I will be able to assemble, both on sea and land, to face the enemy now.
And until we do face him, assembling troops is my business too.
Farewell.
Farewell, my lord.
In the meantime, when you know what's going on abroad, I ask you to let me know as well, sir.
Don't doubt that I will.
I know that's my responsibility.
Charmian!
Yes, madam?
Ha, ha!
Give me mandragora to drink.
Why, madam?
So I can sleep through this long period while my Antony is away.
You think about him too much.
Oh, that's treasonous to say!
Madam, I trust that it isn't.
You, Mardian the eunuch!
What does your highness want?
I don't wish to hear you sing right now.
I don't take pleasure in anything that a eunuch has.
It's lucky for you, since you've been castrated, that your fantasies don't involve anything outside of Egypt.
Do you have desires?
Yes, gracious madam.
Indeed?
Not in deed , madam, since I can't do anything except what is honest to do.
But I still have strong desires, and I think about what Venus did with Mars .
Oh Charmian, where do you think he is now?
Is he standing or sitting?
Or is he walking?
Or he is on horseback?
Oh what a lucky horse, to have Antony on top of him!
Run with style and courage, horse, for do you know who is riding you?
The demi Atlas of this earth, the champion and guardian of humankind.
Perhaps he's speaking now, or murmuring, "Where's my serpent of the old Nile?"
For that's what he calls me.
Now I cheer myself up with delicious thoughts of the thing that pains me most.
Think about me, whose skin is dark from the sun's loving beams and wrinkled with old age.
Ruler of Egypt, hail!
How very unlike Mark Antony you are!
But, since you were sent by him, some of his greatness has rubbed off on you.
How is my brave Mark Antony doing?
The last thing he did, dear Queen, was to kiss the last kiss of many such kisses this pearl from India.
I must hear them from you.
What mood was he in, sad or happy?
Like the midpoint of the year between extreme heat and extreme cold, he was neither sad nor happy.
Oh well balanced temperament!
Take notice of him, take notice, good Charmian, that's exactly how he is, but take notice of him.
He wasn't sad, because he wanted to look cheerfully at those people whose moods depend on his.
He was not merry, which seems to say that he was remembering Egypt and his joy, but he was between sorrow and merriment.
Oh heavenly mixture!
Whether you are sad or happy, the extreme of either emotion suits you as it suits no other man.
Did you encounter my messengers?
Yes, madam, twenty different messengers.
Why did you send so many?
Whoever is born on the day that I forget to write to Antony will die a beggar.
Bring me ink and paper, Charmian.
Welcome, my good Alexas.
Did I, Charmian, ever love Caesar this much!
Oh, that brave Caesar!
May you choke if you ever say such a thing again!
Say, "the brave Antony.  "
The valiant Caesar!
I swear by Isis, I will strike you in the mouth if you compare Caesar again with my man who surpasses all other men.
I beg your pardon, your highness, I'm only repeating what you said.
If the great gods are just, they will assist the actions of the most honest men.
While we spend time praying to them for help, the thing we pray for loses its value.
We don't know ourselves well enough, and so we often pray for something that will harm us, which the wise gods withhold for our own good.
I will do well.
The people love me, and I have control of the sea.
My military power is increasing, and all my knowledge tells me that it will reach its full potential .
Mark Antony is off enjoying himself in Egypt and he won't fight any battles except inside the bedroom.
Caesar loses the people's loyalty by taxing them to raise money.
Caesar and Lepidus are on the battlefield.
They have a powerful army.
Where did you hear that?
It's false.
From Silvius, sir.
He dreamt it.
I know Caesar and Lepidus are in Rome together looking for Antony.
But I hope, lustful Cleopatra, that all the charms of love will make your withered lips soft!
May you use witchcraft as well as beauty, and may both arouse Antony's lust.
Keep that libertine occupied with feast after feast, keep him from thinking clearly.
May decadent cooks increase his appetite with pleasing sauces so that sleeping and eating will make him forgetful, until he forgets his duties completely.
I could have listened more eagerly to something less urgent.
Menas, I didn't think that this self indulgent lover would put on his helmet to join in such a minor war.
He is twice as good a soldier as the other two.
But we'll have to increase our opinion of ourselves, since my military preparations can motivate even Antony, who never tires of pleasure, to leave his Egyptian lover.
I don't think that Caesar and Antony will have a friendly reunion.
I don't know, Menas, whether a greater rivalry might not help them overlook smaller rivalries.
If it weren't for the fact that we are opposing all of them, it's likely that they would fight amongst themselves, since they have enough reasons to draw their swords against each other.
But it's possible their fear of our forces will heal the breach between them and end their small disagreements.
Let it be as the gods will it.
Our lives depend only on us using our greatest possible strength.
Come, Menas.
Good Enobarbus, it's worth your while to urge your captain to use polite and gentle words, and it will do you credit.
I will urge him to speak like himself.
If Caesar provokes him, let Antony ignore Caesar and answer as fiercely as Mars .
By Jupiter , if I were able to look as heroic as Antony, I would try to do so today.
This isn't the time to deal with private arguments.
Every time is a good time to deal with the matters that arise in that moment.
Not if the small matters occur first.
You're letting your emotions run away with you.
But please, don't provoke any fights.
Here comes the noble Antony.
And over there is Caesar.
If we come to an agreement here, the next stop is Parthia .
Come over here, Ventidius.
I don't know, Maecenas.
Ask Agrippa.
Noble friends, the cause that brought us together was a great one, and we shouldn't let less important matters tear us apart.
We can have a civilized discussion about the things that have gone wrong.
When we make a big deal over trivial matters, we cause great harm in trying to fix a small problem.
So, noble partners, I urge you instead to use the kindest words to talk about the most troubling issues, and don't make matters worse by losing your tempers.
Well said.
Welcome to Rome.
Thank you.
Sit.
Sit, sir.
Well then.
What concern is it of yours if I'm in Egypt?
No more than my living here in Rome might concern you in Egypt.
But if you plotted against me while you were there, your being in Egypt might be a concern of mine.
What do you mean, "plotted?"
You might guess what I mean from what happened to me here.
Your wife and brother waged war against me, and they intended for you to join them.
They fought in your name.
You're mistaken about what happened.
My brother never urged me to join him.
I asked him about it, and I learned the truth from reliable sources that were on your side.
You try to make yourself look better by attributing bad judgment to me, but you're coming up with poor excuses for yourself.
Not true, not true.
I am certain that you can understand this important truth since I was your partner in the very cause my brother fought against, I couldn't possibly approve of the wars that undermined my own peace.
As for my wife, I wish you could find a spirit like hers in another woman.
A third of the world belongs to you, and you can subdue it easily, but you could not so easily subdue a woman like that.
I wish we all had such wives, so that men could go to battle accompanied by women!
I wrote to you while you were entertaining yourself in Alexandria.
You ignored my letters and taunted my messenger until he left your sight.
You have broken the terms of your promise, and that's something you will never be able to accuse me of.
Hold on, Caesar.
No, Lepidus, let him speak.
Caesar is speaking about my honor now, and my honor is sacred, even if he thinks that I lack it.
But keep going, Caesar.
The terms of my promise?
To lend me weapons and help when I needed them, both of which you denied to me.
That's nobly said.
If you could agree to stop fighting about your past grievances, then forgetting those grievances entirely would be a good way of remembering that you ought to be friends in this current crisis.
Well said, Maecenas.
Or, if you could just agree to be friends for now, you can always take it back later when Pompey is defeated.
You'll have time to fight when you have nothing else to do.
You're just a soldier.
Don't speak anymore.
I'd almost forgotten that people who speak the truth should be quiet.
You're behaving inappropriately in this company.
So don't talk anymore.
Fine, then.
I'll be silent and obedient as a stone.
Give me permission to speak, Caesar.
Speak, Agrippa.
You have a half sister on your mother's side, the admired Octavia.
Great Mark Antony is now a widower.
Don't say that, Agrippa.
If Cleopatra heard you, your rash statement would deserve the rebuke she would give you.
I am not married, Caesar.
Let me hear Agrippa speak some more.
Will you speak, Caesar?
Not until I hear your response to what has already been said.
If I said, "Agrippa, let this be so," what power would he have to make this happen?
He would have my power, and my power over Octavia.
May I never dream of interfering with this good plan, which seems so appealing!
I will let you bring about this blessed event, and from this moment on, let's let our brotherly bond govern our love for each other and the great plans we make together.
Here's my hand.
Happily, amen!
I hadn't planned to go into battle against Pompey, since he has lately done me honor of a great, uncommon kind.
Time is running short.
We must go to Pompey immediately, or else he will come to us.
Where is he camped?
Near Mount Misena .
How strong are his land armies?
Very strong and getting stronger.
But he controls the sea completely.
That's what I hear.
If only we had met earlier!
Let's move quickly.
But, before we get ready for battle, let's carry out the plan we talked about.
Be sure to join us, Lepidus.
Noble Antony, not even sickness would keep me away.
Welcome from Egypt, sir.
Hail the most trusted counselor of Caesar, worthy Maecanus!
My honorable friend, Agrippa.
Good Enobarbus!
We should be happy that things have worked out so well.
You had a fine time in Egypt.
Yes, sir, we slept through the day and brightened the night with drinking.
I hear there were eight wild boars roasted whole at breakfast and for only twelve people!
Is that true?
That was nothing.
We had much more extravagant feasts than that, which certainly deserve to be noted.
Cleopatra's a most magnificent lady, if the reports about her are true.
When she first met Mark Antony, she secured his heart on the river of Cydnus.
I will tell you.
Oh, how nice for Antony!
Her attendants, resembling sea nymphs or mermaids, tended to her as she watched them closely, and their curtsies further decorated the boat.
At the helm, a person dressed as a mermaid was steering.
The silken sails and ropes swelled as they were touched by hands, soft as flowers, that skillfully carried out their tasks.
A strange invisible perfume wafted from the barge and struck the noses of the people on the adjoining riverbanks.
Rare Egyptian!
When she landed, Antony sent her a message inviting her to supper.
She replied that it would be better if he were her guest, and she requested that he would be.
Royal lady!
She got great Caesar to put away his sword.
He slept with her, and she bore a child .
Now Antony must abandon her completely.
Never.
He will not.
If beauty, wisdom, modesty, can secure Antony's heart, then Octavia is a valuable prize for him.
Let's go.
Good Enobarbus, please be my guest while you are here.
I humbly thank you, sir.
The great responsibilities I have to carry out all over the world will sometimes take me away from you.
And while you are gone, I will kneel before the gods and pray for you.
Good night, sir.
My Octavia, don't believe the critical things you will hear about me.
I haven't behaved perfectly in the past, but in the future I will abide strictly by the rule book.
Good night, dear lady.
Good night, sir.
Good night.
Now, sir , do you wish you were in Egypt?
I wish I had never left and that you hadn't either.
If you can tell me, why do you say that?
It's a feeling I have, I can't put it into words.
But still, return to Egypt.
Tell me who will have the better fortune, me or Caesar?
Caesar.
Therefore, Antony, don't stay near him.
Your daemon  that spirit that sustains you is noble, courageous, soaring, unequalled, while Caesar's is not.
But when you are near him, your daemon becomes afraid, as if overpowered.
Therefore, create some distance between you and Caesar.
Don't talk about this anymore.
Get going.
Tell Ventidius that I wish to speak with him.
Don't trouble yourselves any further.
Please, hurry after your generals.
Sir, Mark Antony is only going to kiss Octavia, and then we'll follow.
Until I see you dressed like soldiers, which will suit you both well, goodbye.
As I anticipate it, we will be at Mount Misenum before you, Lepidus.
Your route is shorter.
I have business that will take me to many different places.
You'll get there two days before I will.
Farewell.
Play me some music.
Music is the best emotional sustenance for those of us who are in love.
Play the music!
Forget the music.
Let's play billiards.
Come, Charmian.
My arm is sore.
You had better play with Mardian.
It's the same to play with a woman as it is with a eunuch.
Come, you'll play with me, sir?
As well as I can, madam.
And if an actor tries his best, even if his performance isn't very good, he can still ask for pardon.
I don't want to play anymore.
Give me my fishing rod.
We'll go to the river.
There, with my music playing from a distance, I'll catch the golden finned fishes.
My curved hook will pierce their slimy jaws, and as I pull them up, I'll imagine that every one of them is Antony and say, "Aha!
I've caught you!  "
That time oh, the times we had!
that I laughed at him until he lost patience, and that night, I satisfied him again.
And the next morning, before nine o'clock, I got him drunk and sent him to bed, and then put my clothes and headdresses on him, while I put on his sword .
Madam, madam
Antony's dead!
If you tell me that, villain , you kill me.
First, madam, he is well.
Why, there's more gold.
But, sir, pay attention, we use to use the word "well" to describe the dead.
Good madam, listen to me.
Well, fine, I will.
But there's no goodness in your face if Antony is free and well, it's odd that he would send such a sour face to bring such good news!
But if he isn't well, you should have appeared like a Fury with a crown of snakes, not so calm and well dressed.
Will you please listen to me?
I have half a mind to strike you before you speak.
But if you tell me that Antony lives, that he's well, that he's friends with Caesar or that he's not Caesar's prisoner, then I'll shower you with gold and greet you with rich pearls.
Madam, he's well.
Well said.
And friends with Caesar.
You are a good man.
Caesar and he are greater friends than ever.
I will give you a fortune.
But yet, madam
I do not like the sound of "But yet.  "
It casts a shadow on the previous good news.
Down with "But yet.  "
"But yet" are the words you'll use to introduce some terrible news.
Please, friend, tell me all your news at once, both the good and the bad.
He's friends with Caesar, he's well, you say, and you say that he's free.
Free, madam, no.
I did not say that.
He's bound to Octavia.
For what good turn ?
For the best turn, in bed.
I am pale, Charmian.
Madam, he's married to Octavia.
May the most infectious disease come upon you!
Good madam, patience.
What did you say?
Gracious madam, I brought the news, but I did not arrange the marriage.
Say that it isn't so, and I will give you a territory and build up your fortunes.
The blow that I gave you will make up for you making me angry, and I'll enrich you with whatever other gift your lowly self can ask for.
He's married, madam.
Scoundrel, you have lived too long.
No, I'll run.
What are you doing, madam?
I have done nothing wrong.
Good madam, pull yourself together.
That man is innocent.
Some innocent people don't escape punishment.
Let Egypt melt into the Nile and let all sweet creatures turn into serpents.
Call that lowborn messenger again.
Even though I am angry, I will not hurt him.
Call!
He's afraid to come.
I will not hurt him.
I have done my duty.
Is he married?
I cannot hate you worse than I already do if you say "yes" again.
He's married, madam.
May the gods destroy you!
Do you still stand by that statement?
Should I lie, madam?
I beg your highness's pardon.
He is married?
Do not take offense, since I do not wish to offend you.
It seems very unfair to punish me for doing what you order me to.
He's married to Octavia.
My good queen, have patience.
Whenever I praised Antony, I also insulted Caesar.
Many times, madam.
I'm punished for it now.
Lead me away from here.
I faint.
Oh Iras, Charmian!
It doesn't matter Go to the messenger, good Alexas.
Tell him to describe Octavia's features: her age, her temperament.
Don't let him leave out any detail, not even the color of her hair.
Report back to me quickly.
Exit Alexas ALEXAS exits.
I have hostages of yours and you have hostages of mine, so we'll talk before we fight.
Let me tell the three of you, the sole rulers of this great world and gods' only messengers on earth: I don't know why my father's death shouldn't be avenged , since he has a son and friends to do it.
Go carefully now.
You cannot scare us, Pompey, with your navy.
We'll engage your forces at sea.
By land, you know how much greater our force is than yours.
Please tell us because this is not what we've come to discuss your response to the offers we've sent you.
That's the main point.
You have offered me Sicily and Sardinia.
In return, I would rid the whole sea of pirates and send shipments of wheat to Rome.
You should know, then, that I came here prepared to accept your offer, but Mark Antony irritated me somewhat.
Even though I detract from the honor of my good deed by telling you about it, you should know that when Caesar and your brother were at war, your mother came to Sicily and found warm hospitality.
I have heard that, Pompey, and I intend to thank you generously, which I know I owe you.
Give me your hand.
The East is a very pleasant place, and I thank you for calling me away from it earlier than I had intended, because it has been good for me.
Since I last saw you, you've changed somehow.
Well, I can't tell how hard times have affected my face, but I will never let those hard times subdue my courage.
It is good for us all to meet here.
I hope so, Lepidus.
We're agreed on this.
I'd like our agreements to be written down and sealed by all of us.
That's the next thing for us to do.
I will, Pompey.
No, Antony, draw straws with us.
You've heard a lot.
I mean well, sir.
And your words sound good.
That's what I heard.
And I've heard that Apollodorus carried
No more about that.
He did exactly that.
What did he carry, I ask you?
A certain queen to Caesar in a mattress.
I know who you are now.
How are you doing, soldier?
Well, and I believe I'll continue to do well, for I hear there are four feasts planned.
Let me shake your hand.
I never bore you ill will.
I've seen you fight so well that I envied your achievements.
Sir, I have never been very fond of you, but I have praised you when you deserved ten times as much praise as what I gave you.
Keep speaking straightforwardly like this.
It suits you.
I invite you all to come aboard my ship.
Will you go first my lords?
Come.
Your father, Pompey, would never have made a treaty like this.
You and I have met before, sir.
At sea, I think.
We have, sir.
Your side has done well at sea.
And your side has done well on land.
I'll say good things about anyone who says good things about me, but no one can deny what I have accomplished on land.
Or what I have accomplished at sea.
Yes, there is something you ought to deny for your own good the fact that you have been a thief at sea.
And you've been a thief on land.
I deny that.
But give me your hand, Menas.
All men have honest faces, even if their hands tend to steal.
But no beautiful woman has an honest face.
That's true.
They steal men's hearts.
We came here to fight with you.
For my part, I'm sorry that the fighting has turned into feasting.
By entertaining your leaders today, Pompey throws away his fortune.
If he does, I'm sure he cannot get it back by crying.
That's true, sir.
We didn't expect to see Mark Antony here.
Please tell me, is he married to Cleopatra?
Caesar's sister is called Octavia.
True, sir.
She was the wife of Caius Marcellus.
But now she's the wife of Mark Antony.
Really, sir?
It's true.
Then Caesar and he are bound in friendship forever.
If I had to make a prediction, I wouldn't guess so.
I think the marriage was arranged more for that political purpose, rather than the love between the couple.
I think so too.
But you'll find that the arrangement that was supposed to bind them in friendship will turn out to kill their friendship.
Octavia has a very pious, cold, and quiet temperament.
Who wouldn't want a wife like that?
Not someone who doesn't share that disposition Mark Antony.
He'll return to his Egyptian lover again.
And it may turn out that way.
Come, sir, will you come aboard?
I'll drink a toast to you.
I'll take it, sir.
We're used to drinking in Egypt.
Come, let's go.
They'll eat in here, friend.
Some of them are unsteady on their feet already.
The smallest breeze in the world would knock them over.
Lepidus is flushed.
They made him drink extra rounds .
As their personalities clash, he cries, "No more quarreling," urges them to be friends, and resigns himself to another drink.
But all this drinking makes him lose his judgment.
Well, this is what comes from keeping company with great men.
I'd rather have a small job that I had the power to carry out than an important position I wasn't qualified for.
To be given an important position and then not to be able to do anything with it, is like having empty sockets where your eyes should be, which deforms the face.
You have strange serpents in Egypt?
Yes, Lepidus.
Serpents in Egypt are bred out of mud by the working of the sun .
So are the crocodiles.
They are indeed.
Sit down, and have some wine.
A toast to Lepidus!
I'm not as well as I ought to be, but I'll never miss a round.
Not till you fall asleep.
I'm afraid you'll be in a drunken stupor then.
No, certainly, I have heard the Egyptian pyramids are very magnificent things.
Without doubt I've heard that.
Pompey, let me have a word with you.
Whisper it to me.
What is it?
Get up, I ask you, captain, and listen to me for a moment.
Leave me alone for a while.
This wine is for Lepidus!
What kind of thing is a crocodile?
It's shaped like a crocodile, sir, and it's as long as its own length.
It's just as tall as it is, and it moves by using its own body.
It lives off what it eats, and when it dies, its soul moves on .
What color is it?
The color that it is.
That's a strange animal.
It is.
And its tears are wet.
Will he be satisfied with that description?
Go to hell, sir, go!
You talk to me about that?
Get away!
Do as I told you.
Where's the drink I asked for?
If you'll listen to me for the sake of your own greatness, get up from your seat.
I think you're crazy.
I have always done my best to help you.
You have served me faithfully.
What else do you have to say?
Be merry, lords.
Keep away from the drinks, Lepidus, for you're drowning in them.
Do you want to be the ruler of the whole world?
What do you mean?
Do you want to be the ruler of the whole world?
Now I've said it twice.
How could that come about?
Are you drunk?
No, Pompey, I haven't had a drink tonight.
You could, if you dared, be the king of the gods on earth.
Whatever land the ocean surrounds or the sky stretches over, will be yours, if you wish.
Tell me how.
Your competitors, the three men who govern the world between them, are on your ship.
Let me cut the ropes, and, when we have set off from shore, let me kill them.
Then all the world will be yours.
Oh, you should have done this and not told me beforehand!
Because of this, I'll no longer follow you and hope for your success.
Whoever seeks power and won't take it when it is offered will never find the opportunity again.
A toast to Lepidus!
Carry Lepidus ashore.
I'll drink for him, Pompey.
Here's to you, Menas!
Enobarbus, welcome.
Fill the cup until it overflows.
There's a strong man, Menas.
What's going on there?
He carries one third of the world, man.
Don't you see?
His third, then, is drunk.
If only the whole world were drunk, so it would all spin with joy!
Have a drink.
Increase the spinning.
Come.
This feast is not yet as wild as an Egyptian feast.
It's getting there.
Open more casks, I say!
Here's to Caesar.
I could do without it.
It's unnatural for me to drink if it makes my brain become cloudy.
Get into the spirit of things.
You take a drink and I'll take another.
But I'd rather go without eating for four days than drink so much in one day.
Ha!
My noble emperor, shall we dance the Egyptian bacchanals now and celebrate our drinking?
Let's see it, good soldier.
Come, let's all take hands, until this wine conquers us and sends us into a calm, gentle, forgetful stupor.
Everyone grab hands.
Cup us till the world go round, Cup us till the world go round!
What more of a feast could you want?
Pompey, good night.
Good brother, let me ask you to come off the ship.
Given our serious business, we shouldn't be fooling around like this.
Noble lords, let's part.
You see we've become flushed.
Strong Enobarbus is not strong enough to handle the wine, and I cannot articulate my words clearly.
This wild drunkenness has almost made fools out of all of us.
What else needs to be said?
Good night.
Good Antony, give me your hand.
I'll test your endurance at drinking on shore.
Yes you will, sir.
Give me your hand.
Oh Antony, you took my father's house.
But what does that matter?
We're friends.
Come, get into the boat .
Be careful not to fall.
No, come to my cabin.
What's going on with all these drums, trumpets, and flutes!
Hoo, I say!
There's my cap!
Hoo!
Noble captain, come.
Noble Ventidus, while you still have momentum from the defeat of the Parthian army, follow the fleeing Parthians who have escaped.
Ride through Media, Mesopotamia , all the places where the exiled Parthians hope to seek refuge.
For this, your grand captain, Antony, will give you a triumphal procession on a chariot and crown your head with garlands.
O Silius, Silius, I have accomplished enough.
Listen, it's possible for someone of low rank to overstep himself.
You should be aware of this, Silius: it's better not to do something than to do it and thereby win too much glory while our commander is away.
Caesar and Antony have won more battles through the skill of their officers than through their own ability.
A sword is just a tool, Ventidius, unless it is being wielded by someone with your qualities.
You'll write to Antony?
Where is he now?
He intends to go to Athens, where we must meet him as fast as we can, given the load that we carry.
Keep going, there.
Move along!
What, have the brothers left?
They have settled their affairs with Pompey; he is gone.
The other three are signing the agreement.
Octavia weeps that she has to leave Rome.
Caeasar is sad, and Menas says that Lepidus, since Pompey's feast, is suffering from a hangover .
Lepidus is a noble man.
A very fine one.
Oh, how he loves Caesar!
Yes, but how dearly he loves Mark Antony!
Caesar?
Why, he's like the king of the gods among men.
Then what is Antony?
He is the king of the king of the gods.
Did you insult Caesar?
Why, he is without equal!
Oh Antony, you phoenix !
If you want to praise Caesar, simply say "Caesar.  "
The name alone conveys all his great qualities.
Indeed, Lepidus praised both of them highly.
But he loves Caesar most; still, he does love Antony.
Ha!
Hearts, tongues, letters, writers, singers, poets, cannot think, speak, calculate, write, sing, or make verses ha!
that can adequately convey his love for Antony.
He loves both of them.
He is a beetle, and they are the wings he uses to fly.
Good luck, worthy soldier, and goodbye.
Speak no more, sir.
You take a part of me away from myself by taking her; treat me well by treating her well.
Don't offend me by distrusting me.
I've said what I have to say.
You won't find any reason to be afraid, even though you seem quite anxious about it.
May the gods protect you and bring the Roman people to serve you loyally.
We will part here.
Goodbye, dearest sister, take care.
May you have good fortune so that your feelings will be ones of comfort!
Take care.
My noble brother!
Sir, take care of my husband's house, and
What, Octavia?
I'll whisper it to you.
Will Caesar weep?
His face is clouded over with emotion.
That would be bad for him if he were a horse .
Why, Enobarbus, when Antony found Julius Caesar's dead body, he cried so much he was almost roaring, and he wept at Philippi when he found Brutus dead.
That year, he was indeed struck with the flu .
No, sweet Octavia, you will always hear from me.
Time will stop before I stop thinking about you.
Come, sir, come, I'll challenge you to see who can love the most.
Look, I'll show you.
Farewell.
Be happy.
May all the stars light an easy path before you.
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell.
Where is the man?
He's afraid to come.
Never mind that, never mind.
Come here, sir.
Good queen, not even King Herod dares to come in your presence except when you are in a good mood.
I'll have King Herod's head!
But how?
When Antony is gone, who will carry out my orders?
Come closer.
Most gracious queen!
Did you see Octavia?
Yes, oh powerful Queen.
Where?
Madam, in Rome.
I looked at her face, and I saw her walking between her brother and Mark Antony.
Is she as tall as me?
She is not, madam.
Did you hear her speak?
Does she have a high voice or a low one?
Madam, I heard her speak.
She has a low voice.
That's not very good for Octavia.
He cannot like her for long.
Like her?
By Isis, that is impossible.
I think so, Charmian.
She has a slow, hunched walk.
She looks the same walking and standing still.
She has a body, not a form with life in it.
Is this certain?
It is, or I have no power to observe.
There's not three people in Egypt who can observe better than he can.
He's very shrewd, I can tell.
I haven't heard about any good qualities in Octavia yet.
The man has good judgment.
Excellent.
Please, guess how old she is.
Madam, she was a widow
Widow?
Charmian, pay attention to this.
And I think she's around thirty .
Do you remember her face?
Is it long or round?
Round, even to a fault.
For the most part, people with round faces are foolish.
What color is her hair?
Brown, madam, and her forehead is so low that she wouldn't want it any lower.
Here's money for you.
You must not hold my previous hostility against me.
I'll employ you for another task; I find that you're a very useful man.
Get ready to go; our letters are ready.
An admirable man.
Indeed, he is.
I'm very sorry that I harassed him so much.
None, madam.
Has he seen royalty?
Isis forbid that he has not seen royalty, after serving you so long!
I assure you, madam.
Gentle Octavia, give your most faithful love to the side that most worthily tries to deserve your love.
Thank you, my lord.
May the powerful king of the gods make me, who am most weak , act as your mediator!
How are you doing, my friend Eros!
There's been some strange news, sir.
What, man?
Caesar and Lepidus have declared war against Pompey.
That's old news.
How is the fight going?
Caesar used Lepidus to help him fight Pompey, but then immediately denied Lepidus equal power, wouldn't share the glory of the victory with him, and what's more, he's making accusations against him based on letters Lepidus had written to Pompey.
Upon Caesar's accusations, Lepidus was arrested.
Then, world, you have a pair of leaders, no more, and even if you offer them all the wealth you have, one will still destroy the other.
Where's Antony?
Our great navy is ready.
To go to Italy and face Caesar.
There's more, Domitus
’Twill be naught, But let it be.
Bring me to Antony.
Come, sir.
This in the public eye?
I’ th’ common showplace, where they exercise.
Let Rome be thus informed.
Who, queasy with his insolence already, Will their good thoughts call from him.
The people knows it, and have now received His accusations.
’Tis done already, and the messenger gone.
Nor must not then be yielded to in this.
Hail, Caesar, and my lord!
Hail, most dear Caesar!
That ever I should call thee castaway!
You have not called me so, nor have you cause.
Why have you stol’n upon us thus?
No, my most wrongèd sister.
Welcome, lady.
Welcome, dear madam.
Is it so, sir?
Most certain.
Is ’t not denounced against us?
Nay, I have done.
Here comes the Emperor.
Why will My lord do so?
For that he dares us to ’t.
So hath my lord dared him to single fight.
Ay, and to wage this battle at Pharsalia, Where Caesar fought with Pompey.
Your ships are not well manned, Your mariners are muleteers, reapers, people Engrossed by swift impress.
In Caesar’s fleet Are those that often have ’gainst Pompey fought.
By sea, by sea.
I have sixty sails, Caesar none better.
Can he be there in person?
’Tis impossible, Strange that his power should be.
O noble Emperor, do not fight by sea!
Well, well, away.
By Hercules, I think I am i’ th’ right.
Soldier, thou art; but his whole action grows Not in the power on ’t.
You keep by land The legions and the horse whole, do you not?
Marcus Octavius, Marcus Justeius, Publicola, and Caelius, are for sea; But we keep whole by land.
While he was yet in Rome His power went out in such distractions as Beguiled all spies.
They say, one Taurus.
Well I know the man.
The Emperor calls Canidius.
With news the time’s with labor, and throws forth Each minute some.
My lord?
Strike not by land; keep whole.
Gods and goddesses, All the whole synod of them!
What’s thy passion?
On our side like the tokened pestilence, Where death is sure.
Toward Peloponnesus are they fled.
To Caesar will I render My legions and my horse.
Six kings already Show me the way of yielding.
I’ll yet follow The wounded chance of Antony, though my reason Sits in the wind against me.
Do, most dear Queen.
Do.
Let me sit down.
O Juno!
No, no, no, no, no.
See you here, sir?
Oh, fie, fie, fie!
Madam!
Madam, O good Empress!
Sir, sir
Yes, my lord, yes.
Ah, stand by.
The Queen, my lord, the Queen.
Go to him, madam, speak to him.
Well then, sustain me.
Most noble sir, arise.
The Queen approaches.
I have offended reputation, A most unnoble swerving.
Oh, whither hast thou led me, Egypt?
O my lord, my lord, Forgive my fearful sails!
Fall not a tear, I say.
Let him appear that’s come from Antony.
Approach and speak.
Such as I am, I come from Antony.
Fortune pursue thee!
Bring him through the bands.
Now it is time to see what your eloquence can accomplish.
Caesar, I will go.
Observe how Antony reacts to his disgrace, and tell me what you think his actions reveal about him in every move that he makes.
Caesar, I will.
What we will do, Enobarbus?
Consider our situation and die.
Is Antony at fault for this, or am I?
Only Antony, who allowed his appetite to overcome his reason.
What does it matter that you fled from the dangerous battlefield, where ranks of ships frightened both sides?
Why should he have followed you?
His affection for you shouldn't have undermined his skill as captain, while one half of the world opposed the other, and when he himself was the reason for this fight.
His shame was as great as his loss, when he followed the flags of your fleeing ships and left his navy watching him go.
Please, be quiet.
Is that Caesar's answer?
Yes, my lord.
He will treat the Queen favorably, so long as she hands me over to him?
That's what he says.
Let the queen know.
If you send my old body to that young boy Caesar, he will give you all the kingdoms you wish.
That body, my lord?
Go to him again.
Tell him that he's still in the first bloom of youth, and the world should expect remarkable things from him.
A messenger from Caesar.
Why dob't you treat me with more respect ?
My judgment begins to come into conflict with my honor.
To be loyal to fools makes our loyalty simply an act of foolishness.
What does Caesar want?
Listen to my message in private.
We are all friends here.
Say what you have to say.
It may be that they are friends to Antony.
So be it.
Go on.
That is generous indeed.
He knows that you took Antony as your lover not because you loved him, but because you feared him.
Oh!
Caesar is a god, and he knows what is just.
I did not yield to Antony voluntarily, I was merely overpowered.
I'll ask Antony to make sure that that's true.
Antony, Antony, you have fallen so low that we must abandon you to your disgrace, for even those who love you most are deserting you.
Shall I tell Caesar what you want from him?
For he likes to be asked to give.
It would please him greatly if you would show your support by appealing to his power.
But it would make him truly happy to hear from me that you had abandoned Antony and turned to him, the ruler of the world, for shelter.
What's your name?
My name is Thidias.
Most kind messenger, tell this to Caesar as my representative: I kiss his conquering hand.
Tell him I am ready immediately to lay my crown at his feet and to kneel there.
Tell him that I will obey him and let him decide the fate of Egypt.
That is the most honorable course of action.
When wisdom fights against fortune, so long as wisdom does everything it can, no bad luck can defeat it.
Give me permission to show my faithfulness by kissing your hand.
Julius Caesar, father of your master Octavius, while he thought about conquering kingdoms, often put his lips on my unworthy hand and rained kisses on it.
Kisses?
By thundering Jove !
Who are you, my man?
I obey the commands of the man who is the most powerful and who most deserves to have his commands obeyed.
You'll be whipped.
You over there, come here!
Ah, you whore!
Now, gods and devils!
I lose all my authority.
Not long ago, when I cried "Ho!  "
kings would dart forward like boys towards a meal and cry, "What do you wish?"
Do you have no ears?
Moon and stars!
Whip him.
Mark Antony
You were half decayed before I met you!
Ha!
My good lord
You have always been fickle.
But when we grow set in our vicious ways oh, what misery it is!
the wise gods close our eyes, cloud our good judgment through our own bad behavior, make us love our mistakes, and laugh at us as we bring about our own ruin.
Oh, is this what you think now?
When I met you, you had been used up by the dead Caesar.
Why are you talking like this?
To let a man that accepts favors and says, "May God repay you!  "
Thoroughly, my lord.
Did he cry?
And did he ask for mercy?
He did ask for some relief.
Are you finished yet?
Alas, the great Cleopatra's power is gone, and this alone foretells that I will fall too.
I must keep quiet until he has calmed down.
To flatter Caesar, would you flirt with one of his servants ?
Don't you know me at all by now?
How can you still be coldhearted towards me?
Ah, dear, if I am, may heaven create hail in my cold heart and poison it at the source, and may the first hailstone that falls lodge in my throat.
As it melts, let it kill me!
Let the next stone kill my son Caesarion, until gradually all my children, together with all my brave Egyptians, are killed by the dissolving hailstones of this storm and lie unburied until the flies and gnats of the Nile have buried them as their prey!
I am satisfied of your feelings for me.
That's my brave lord!
I will be three times as strong, as brave, and as persevering, and fight furiously.
For when I had good fortune and could act however I pleased, I was so merciful that men could ransom their lives from me for a mere trifle.
But now I'll harden my heart and destroy everyone that opposes me.
Come, let's have one more night of celebration.
Call all my sad captains to join me.
Fill our cups once more.
It is my birthday.
I thought I would have no celebrations but since my lord is acting like himself again, I will be myself again too.
We will still triumph.
Call all my lord's noble captains to him.
Do that.
Now he'll set himself against even the mightiest enemies.
Antony calls me "boy" and taunts me as if he had the power to beat my forces out of Egypt.
He whipped my messenger with rods and challenges me to single combat, Caesar against Antony.
Let that old scoundrel know that that is not how I plan to die.
Let our wisest officers know that tomorrow, I intend to fight the last of our many battles.
Among our troops there many soldiers who served Mark Antony only a short time ago enough soldiers to capture him.
See that this is done, and give the army a feast.
He won't fight me in single combat, Domitius?
No.
Why not?
He estimates that, being twenty times better off than you, his forces outnumber yours twenty to one.
Tomorrow, soldier, I'll fight by land and by sea.
Either I'll come out alive, or I will restore my ruined reputation by dying honorably in battle.
Will you fight bravely?
I'll strike and cry, "Winner take all!  "
Well said.
Come on!
Call my household servants.
Why is Antony acting like this?
It's one of his odd quirks that show he is upset.
And you are honest too.
I wish that I could be divided up into men just like you, and all of you combined to make one Antony, so I could serve you as well as you have served me.
God forbid!
Well, my good fellows, wait on me at dinner tonight.
Don't skimp when you pour my wine, and treat me as reverently as you did when my empire was also my servant, like you, and obeyed my commands.
What does he mean?
He means to make his servants weep.
Take care of me tonight.
It may be the last time you do so.
What do you mean, sir, upsetting them like this?
Look, they weep, and I, like an ass, have watery eyes too.
For shame, don't make us as emotional as women.
Ha, ha, ha!
Curse me if I meant to do that!
May the gods bless the men for weeping!
Goodnight, comrade.
Tomorrow is the big day.
Things will be decided one way or another.
Good luck to you.
Have you heard any strange news from the streets?
Nothing.
What's the news?
It's probably just a rumor.
Goodnight to you.
Well, sir, goodnight.
Soldiers, stay watchful while you're on guard.
And you as well.
Goodnight, goodnight.
Here are our positions.
And if our navy succeeds tomorrow, I am completely confident that our army will make a good stand.
The troops are brave and determined to win.
Be quiet!
What's that noise?
Listen, listen!
Listen!
There's music in the air.
It's coming from under the ground.
This is a good omen, isn't it?
No.
Be quiet, I say!
What does this mean?
It's the god Hercules, whom Antony loved.
How is it going, officers?
What is it?
What is it?
Do you hear this?
Yes.
Isn't it strange?
Do you hear it, officers?
Do you hear?
Let's follow the noise as far as we can within the boundaries of our watch.
That sounds good.
It's strange.
Eros!
Bring me my armor, Eros!
Sleep a little.
No, my dear Eros, come, my armor, Eros!
Enter EROS with armor EROS enters with armor.
No, I'll help too.
What's this for?
Ah, leave it alone, leave it alone!
It's bad enough that you put the armor on my heart.
That's not how you do it.
Like this, like this.
Really, I'll help.
This is how it should be.
Well, well, we'll succeed now.
Do you see, my good man?
Go put on your armor.
Soon, sir.
Isn't this buckled well?
Uncommonly well.
The one that unbuckles this armor until I am pleased to take it off and rest will face my anger.
You're fumbling, Eros, and my Queen is more skillful as a squire than you are.
Hurry.
Even though it is early, sir, a thousand soldiers have put on their armor and wait for you at the port.
It is a favorable morning.
Good morning, General.
Good morning, General.
The morning begins well, boys.
Like a spirited young man who means to accomplish great things, it gets started early.
So, so.
Come, give me that.
Like this.
Well done.
Goodbye to you, my lady.
Please you retire to your chamber?
Lead me.
Would thou and those thy scars had once prevailed To make me fight at land!
Hadst thou done so, The kings that have revolted, and the soldier That has this morning left thee, would have still Followed thy heels.
Who?
What sayest thou?
Sir, He is with Caesar.
Sir, his chests and treasure He has not with him.
Most certain.
Go, Eros, send his treasure after.
A flourish of trumpets sounds.
AGRIPPA and CAESAR enter with ENOBARBUS and DOLABELLA.
Go forth, Agrippa, and begin the battle.
My desire is for Anthony to be captured alive.
Let the troops know.
Caesar, I will.
The time is near when we will have peace throughout the world.
If this day proves successful, there will be peace across the three regions of the world.
Antony has arrived on the battlefield.
Go tell Agrippa to take Antony's former soldiers and place them on the front lines.
Alexas revolted when he went to Judea on some business for Antony and, while he was there, he persuaded the great king Herod to take Caesar's side and abandon his master Antony.
Caesar hanged him for his efforts.
Candidius and the others who abandoned Antony have found employment, but they aren't trusted as loyal men.
I have done something terrible, for which I accuse myself so bitterly that I will never be happy again.
Enobarbus, Antony has sent you all your treasure, along with additional treasure from his own supply.
The messenger came while I was on guard duty, and he's at your tent now unloading the treasure from his mules.
I give the treasure to you.
Don't mock me, Enobarbus, I'm telling you the truth.
I am the most villainous person on earth, and I know this better than anyone else.
Oh Antony, you endless source of generosity, how would you have rewarded me for being more faithful to you, when you reward my treachery with gold like this!
This breaks my heart.
If rapid thoughts don't break it, there's something that will break it faster than thought but I feel that thoughts alone will do it.
Could I possibly fight against you, Antony?
No, I will go find a ditch where I can die.
Fall back!
We've extended ourselves too far.
Even Caesar is assailed, and our enemy's strength is greater than we expected.
Oh my brave Emperor, this is really the way to fight!
If we had fought like this initially, we would have driven them home with bandages around their heads.
You're bleeding fast.
I had a wound here that looked like a "T," but now it looks like an "H.  "
They're retreating.
We'll beat them back into their barracks.
I can still stand six more wounds.
They are beaten back, sir, and our advantage could help us secure a desirable victory.
Let's make gashes on their backs and take them the same way we catch hares, from behind!
It's entertaining to wound someone who's running away from you.
I'll limp after you.
We have beat him back to his camp.
Let someone run on ahead and tell the Queen what we've accomplished.
Greatest of all lords!
Oh you infinitely brave man, did you face the world's greatest threat and escape with a smile?
My nightingale, we have beaten them all the way back to their camp in fear.
I'll give you a suit of armor made entirely out of gold, my friend.
It belonged to a king.
He would deserve it, even if it were covered in jewels like Phoebus's chariot .
Give me your hand.
Let's lead a merry parade through Alexandria.
If the other guards don't come to replace us within the next hour, we'll have to return to the guardroom.
There's bright light tonight, and they say we'll resume battle by two in the morning.
This last day was a bad one for us.
Oh night, bear witness to my words
Who is this?
Let's hide and listen to him.
Bear witness to me, oh you blessed moon: when the time comes that rebels are remembered with hatred, remember that poor Enobarbus repented before you for rebelling.
Enobarbus?
Be quiet!
Keep listening.
Oh moon, you royal mistress of genuine melancholy, pour down the poisonous mists of night upon me, so that I may no longer live, now that I no longer wish to.
Let's speak to him.
Let's listen to him, because the things he's talking about might have to do with Caesar.
Let's do that.
But he's asleep.
Let's go to him.
Wake up, sir, wake up.
Speak to us.
Can you hear us, sir?
Death has struck him down.
Come on, then.
He might still wake up.
They're preparing to fight by sea today.
They're not happy fighting us on land.
I wish they'd also fight in fire or in the air  we'd fight them there too.
But this is how we'll do things our foot soldiers up on the hills beside the city will stay with us.
Unless we are attacked, we won't take any action on land and I guess that we won't be attacked, since most of his troops have been sent out to guard his ships.
Let's go to the valleys and take the best position.
But they still aren't fighting.
I'll go over to where that pine stands and survey the whole scene.
I'll tell you shortly how things are likely to go.
Swallows have built nests in the sails of Cleopatra's ships.
The soothsayers say they don't know what this means, they cannot say.
All is lost!
That foul Egyptian has betrayed me.
My fleet has surrendered to the enemy, and down there, they throw their caps in the air and drink together like long lost friends.
That whore, who's betrayed three men !
It's you, Cleopatra, who has sold me out to this boy Caesar, and my anger is directed only at you.
Tell all my forces to flee, for all I intend to do now is take revenge on this woman who bewitched me.
Tell them all to flee.
Get going!
Why is my lord so angry at his love?
Get away, or I'll give you what you deserve and diminish the glory of Caesar's triumphal procession .
Let him take you and display you in public in front of the screaming crowd!
Follow his chariot, like the most disgraced woman that has ever lived.
Help me, my women!
Oh, he's more angrier than Ajax when he was denied Achilles' shield .
The boar of Thessaly never foamed at the mouth with more rage.
Go to your tomb !
Lock yourself inside and send him a message that you are dead.
To the tomb!
Mardian, go tell him I have killed myself.
Eros, you still see me?
Yes, my noble lord.
Yes, my lord.
It does, my lord.
My good young man Eros, your captain's body behaves in just the same way now.
I am myself for now, but I cannot maintain this bodily form, my boy.
No, Antony, my mistress loved you, and her fate was inseparable from yours.
Get out, you shameless eunuch!
Be quiet!
She has betrayed me and she will die as she deserves.
A person can only die once, and she has done that.
What you intended to do, she has done for you.
The last words she spoke were, "Antony, most noble Antony!  "
Then she broke off in the middle of saying your name to let out a heart rending groan.
She spoke half of the word, the other half remained in her heart.
And so she died with your name buried inside her.
She is dead, then?
Dead.
Off, take my armor off!
What do you want, my lord?
Since Cleopatra died, my life has had such dishonor that even the gods hate how disgraceful I am.
I, who divided the world into quarters and sailed across the green sea with so many ships that they appeared to make a city on the waves I disgrace myself by having less courage than a woman.
May the gods prevent me!
All of the Parthians' arrows missed their target and could not kill you, how could I kill you instead?
I couldn't look at it.
Come, then, for you can only help me by wounding me.
Draw your faithful sword, which you have used to do good service for your country.
Oh sir, pardon me!
When I freed you from servitude, didn't you swear to me then that you would do this when I told you to?
Turn away from me, then, that noble face that the whole world used to worship.
Here you are!
My sword is drawn.
Then do it at once, the thing you drew it in order to do.
My dear master, my captain, and my emperor, before I strike this deadly stroke, let me say goodbye to you.
You've said it, man, goodbye.
Goodbye, great captain.
Shall I strike now?
Now, Eros.
Why, then there it is!
What's all this noise?
I've done my work badly, my friends.
Oh, finish what I started!
The greatest man has fallen.
And time comes to a halt.
Alas, the sorrow!
If anyone loves me, let him kill me.
Not I.
Nor I.
Nor anyone.
Where's Antony?
There, Diomed, there.
Is he alive?
Won't you answer, man?
Are you there, Diomed?
Draw your sword and strike me hard enough to kill me.
Greatest lord, my mistress Cleopatra sent me to you.
When did she send you?
Just now, my lord.
Where is she?
Locked in her tomb.
She was afraid of what she foresaw might happen.
For when she saw that you suspected her of plotting with Caesar something you will never find to be true and that your rage could not be overcome, she sent you a message that she was dead.
But then she became afraid of what effect the news might have on you, and she sent me to tell you the truth.
Too late, good Diomed.
Call my guard, please.
Hey there, the Emperor's guard!
The guard, hey there!
Come, your lord is calling you!
Good friends, carry me to where Cleopatra is.
This is the last service that I will command you to carry out.
We are sorrowful, sorrowful, sir, that you will not live longer than your followers.
Most sorrowful day!
No, my good friends, do not give cruel fate the satisfaction of seeing your sorrows.
If we welcome something that was intended to punish us, we punish it in return by seeming not to mind it.
Pick me up.
I have often led you; carry me now, good friends.
Oh Charmian, I will never leave this place.
Be comforted, good madam.
No, I will not.
I welcome all strange and terrible events, but I despise comfort.
The size of our sorrow is proportionate to the cause of our sorrow, and so it must be as great as the cause.
His death is approaching fast, but he is not dead.
Look out from the other side of your tomb.
His guards have brought him there.
Oh sun, burn up the path of your orbit and leave it .
May all the shores of the world lie in darkness!
Oh Antony, Antony, Antony!
Help, Charmian, Iras, help!
Help, friends below!
Let's draw him up here.
Be at peace!
Caesar's bravery did not overthrow me.
I am dying, Queen of Egypt, dying.
Oh, quick, or I will be dead.
Here's a fine game!
How heavy my lord is!
All our strength is dissolved by sadness  that's what makes the weight so great.
If I had great Juno's power, Mercury with his strong wings would bring you up and set you at Jove's side.
Still, come a little closer.
Wishing has always been a foolish thing to do.
Oh, come, come, come!
A sad sight!
I am dying, Queen of Egypt, dying.
Give me some wine and let me speak a little.
He cannot do both .
Gentle lady, listen to me.
Don't trust any of Caesar's followers except Proculeius.
I'll trust my determination and my own hands.
Noblest of men, are you dying?
Don't you care about me?
Can I remain in this dull world, which will be no better than a pigsty when you are gone from it?
Oh look, my women, the greatest monarch of the earth is fading away.
My lord!
Oh, be calm, my lady!
She's dead too, our queen.
Lady!
Madam!
Oh madam, madam, madam!
Royal Queen of Egypt, Empress!
Peace, peace, Iras.
Go to Antony, Dolabella, and tell him to surrender.
His delay in doing so makes him look ridiculous.
Caesar, I will.
What is that?
And who are you to dare and appear before me armed?
My name is Dercetus.
I served Mark Antony, who was the man most worthy of being served.
While he was alive, he was my master, and I used my life to oppose those who hated him.
If it pleases you to employ me as Antony did I'll be loyal to you, Caesar.
If not, I surrender my life to you.
What do you mean?
I mean, Caesar, that Antony is dead.
It should cause a greater disturbance when someone so great dies.
See, my sad friends, the gods might criticize me for weeping, but this news is enough to make even a king cry.
And it is strange that our nature makes us weep for something that we tried hard to achieve .
His flaws and his virtues fought inside him, both with equal power.
When he thinks about such a great man, he sees what he himself could become.
Tell her to take comfort.
May the gods bless you.
Come here, Proculeius.
Go and tell Cleopatra that we have no intention of disrespecting her.
Caesar, I will.
Gallus, get going.
Dolabella!
Forget it, I just remembered that I sent him on an errand.
He'll be ready shortly.
Come with me to my tent, and see how I was drawn into this war against my will and how calm and gentle I always was.
Come with me and I will prove it.
My isolation has helped me better understand my life.
It's no great thing to be Caesar.
He doesn't control his own fate, he's controlled by fate, and does whatever fortune dictates.
What is your name?
My name is Proculeius.
Antony told me about you and told me to trust you, but I am still hesitant to trust people, since I do not like being deceived.
Take comfort.
You've been conquered by a noble and generous man.
Don't be afraid of anything.
I'll tell him this, dear lady.
Take comfort, for I know that Caesar, who put you in this position, pities you for what he's done.
You see how easily someone can sneak up on her.
Guard her until Caesar arrives.
Royal Queen!
Oh Cleopatra!
You are captured, Queen.
Act quickly, my good hands.
Stop, worthy lady, stop!
What, you are depriving me of my death, too?
Cleopatra, do not show such ingratitude to my master's generosity by killing yourself.
Let the world have a chance to see how nobly he acts; if you die, his nobility cannot be displayed.
Where are you, Death?
Come here, come!
Oh, be patient, my lady!
Sir, I will eat no food and I will not drink, sir.
Even if it takes idle chatter to keep me awake, I won't sleep either.
I'll destroy my own body, no matter what Caesar tries to do.
You should know, sir, that I won't wait around to be a captive at your master's court, or to be judged with solemn looks from dull Octavia.
Shall they hoist me up and display me to the shouting mobs of Rome with all their harsh judgments?
I'd rather have a friendly grave in a ditch in Egypt.
You'll learn from Caesar that you're alarming yourself needlessly.
Proculeius, your master Caesar knows what you have done, and he's sent for you.
As for the Queen, I'll guard her.
That sounds fine to me, Dolabella.
Be gentle with her.
I'll tell Caesar whatever you wish, if you'll send a message to him through me.
Tell him I wish to die.
Most noble Empress, have you heard of me?
I cannot tell.
I'm sure that you know me.
It doesn't matter, sir, what I have heard or known.
You laugh when boys or women tell you about their dreams.
Isn't that your habit?
I don't understand, madam.
I dreamt Antony was emperor.
Oh, I wish I could sleep again like that, so I could dream about another man like that!
If you care to
Most royal lady
He was so tall that his legs straddled the ocean.
His upraised arm reached across the whole world.
When he spoke to friends, his voice had the same qualities as musical spheres .
But when he wanted to frighten and shake the world, his voice rumbled like thunder.
Cleopatra
Do you think there was, or could be, a man like the one I dreamed of?
Gentle madam, no.
You lie so blatantly that even the gods can hear you!
But if there is or ever was such a man, he's greater than anything that could be dreamed up.
Listen to me, good madam.
Your loss is great because you yourself are great, and you bear it like the heavy burden it is.
May I never achieve the success I seek if this is not true: that from sympathizing with your grief, I feel a grief that strikes deep in my own heart.
I thank you, sir.
Do you know what Caesar intends to do with me?
It pains me to tell you what I want you to know.
No, please, go on, sir.
Even though Caesar is honorable
He'll lead me in his triumphal procession, then.
Madam, he will.
I know it.
Make way there!
Caesar is coming!
Which person is the Queen of Egypt?
It is the Emperor, madam.
Get up, you shouldn't kneel.
Please, rise.
Rise, Queen of Egypt.
Sir, this is what the gods have willed.
I must obey my lord and master.
Please don't hold any grudges.
Even though our bodies still bear the wounds from battle, we'll agree to forget about the injuries you inflicted on us, treating them as accidents.
And you may go freely wherever you like in the world!
You will let me know everything you need.
Here's an inventory of all the money, precious metals, and jewels that I own.
I've calculated the exact value of everything except for the smaller items.
Where's Seleucus?
I'm here, madam.
This is my treasurer.
He will tell you on his honor, my lord, that I haven't held back anything for myself.
Speak truthfully, Seleucus.
Madam, I would rather not speak than risk endangering myself by saying something false.
What have I held back?
You've held back enough treasure to buy back everything you listed on that inventory.
No, don't blush, Cleopatra.
I approve of the wisdom you demonstrated in this trick.
See, Caesar!
Oh, see what happens when all the spectacle is over!
My followers will now be your followers, and if we exchanged our positions, your followers would be my followers.
Still, Seleucus's ingratitude makes me wild with anger.
Oh you villainous man, you are less trustworthy than a mercenary!
What, do you retreat from me?
I bet you do!
But even if your eyes had wings to fly away, I would catch them.
Scoundrel, soulless villain, dog!
Oh, you uncommonly corrupt man!
Good Queen, let me ask you to
Hold back, Seleucus.
Let it be known that we, the greatest, are misjudged for the things other people do, and when we fall, we have to answer for the things that others have done in our name .
My master, and my lord!
I am not your master or your lord.
Goodbye.
Wrap things up, my lady.
The bright day is over and night is upon us.
Hurry back.
I have already given instructions, and everything is arranged.
Go set things in motion quickly.
Madam, I will.
Where is the Queen?
She's there, sir.
Dolabella!
Dolabella, I will always be in your debt.
And I will always be your servant.
Goodbye, good Queen.
I must go to Caesar.
Goodbye, and thank you.
May the gods forbid it!
No, it will certainly happen, Iras.
Oh, may the good gods forbid it!
No, it's certain.
I'll never see it!
For I'm sure I have enough will power to tear out my eyes with nails first.
Why, that's the best way to ruin their plans and undermine the terrible things they intend to do.
Here's a country peasant who insists on seeing the Queen.
Let him come in.
This is the man.
Get out, and leave him here.
Yes, I have him, but I wouldn't advise you to touch him, for his bite is fatal.
Those that die from the bite seldom or never recover .
Do you know of any people who have died from it?
Very many, both men and women.
Get going, goodbye.
I wish you luck with the serpent.
Goodbye.
Be careful, you should be aware that the serpent will do what serpents typically do.
Yes, yes.
Goodbye.
See here, it isn't safe for anyone except a wise person to hold on to that serpent, for it really is a dangerous animal.
Don't worry.
I will listen to your warnings.
Very good.
Don't give it any food, I advise you, for it isn't worth keeping alive.
Will it eat me?
You can't think I'm so foolish I know that even the devil would not eat a woman.
I know that a woman is worthy food for the gods, so long as the devil doesn't corrupt her.
Well, get going.
Goodbye.
Yes, indeed.
I wish you luck with the worm.
Give me my robe.
Put on my crown.
I long to enter into the afterlife.
I will never again drink wine made from Egypt's grapes.
May the thick clouds dissolve and rain so that I can say the gods themselves weep!
Iras's act makes mine seem less noble.
If she meets the curly haired Antony in the afterlife before I do, he'll speak to her and give her that heavenly kiss that belongs to me.
Come, you wretched, poisonous thing.
Oh goddess !
Quiet, quiet!
Don't you see this baby that's lulling me to sleep by sucking on my breast?
Oh, I wish my heart would break!
This feeling is as sweet as perfumed oil, as soft as air, as gentle O Antony!
Oh yes, I will take you too.
In this wild world?
So, farewell.
Now, Death, you can boast that you have taken a woman who has no equal.
Let's close these soft eyelids.
Where's the Queen?
Speak softly.
Don't wake her up.
Caesar has sent
A messenger that was too slow.
Hey there, come here!
Something's gone wrong.
Caesar has been tricked.
There's Dolabella, who was sent from Caesar.
Call him.
What happened here, Charmian?
Was this a good thing to do?
What's going on here?
They are all dead.
Caesar, this is the effect of all your planinng.
You'll arrive and see she's done the dreaded act you tried so hard to prevent.
Make way there, make way for Caesar!
Oh sir, your prediction came true.
What you feared has happened.
Who was the last person with them?
A simple peasant who brought her figs.
This was his basket.
They must have been poisoned, then.
Oh, Caesar, this woman Charmian was alive until a moment ago.
She stood and spoke.
I found her adjusting the crown of her dead mistress.
She stood trembling and then suddenly collapsed.
Oh, these women were weak but noble, too!
There's a trail of blood here on her breast, and some discharge.
The same thing appears on her arm.
It's most likely that she died from the serpents' bite, for her doctor tells me that she performed countless experiments to find easy ways to die.
Pick up her bed and carry her women out of the tomb.
She will be buried beside her Antony.
No grave on earth will contain such a famous couple.
Here comes my master, your brother.
What are you doing here, sir?
Nothing.
I have not been taught to do anything.
What are you undoing then, sir?
Well , sir, by being so idle I am helping you to undo something that God made: your poor, unworthy brother.
Well, sir, do something more useful, and go away for a while.
Should I keep your hogs and eat slop with them?
What portion of my inheritance have I wasted that I should be so poor?
Do you know where you are, sir?
Oh, sir, I know very well: here in your orchard.
Do you know who you're talking to, sir?
Yes, better than the one I'm talking to knows me.
I know you are my eldest brother, and you should know that I am a born gentleman just like you.
What, boy!
Come, come, elder brother!
Will you lay hands on me, you villain?
I am no villain.
I am the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys.
He was my father, and anyone who says that his sons are villains is three times a villain.
If you weren't my brother, I wouldn't let go of your throat until I had pulled out your tongue for your insolence.
You have only insulted yourself.
Sweet masters, please calm down.
Be peaceful, for the sake of your father's memory.
Let me go, I say.
I won't let you go until I want to.
You will listen to what I have to say.
In his will, my father told you to give me a good education.
Instead you have raised me like a peasant, keeping anything from me that might make me a gentleman.
But now the spirit of my father grows strong in me, and I will no longer endure it.
Therefore give me the freedom to act like a gentleman, or give me my rightful share of my father's inheritance  small though it is.
With that money I can go seek my fortunes on my own.
And what will you do start begging once you've spent that money?
Well, sir, go inside.
I won't be troubled with you for long.
You will get some of what you want.
Now please leave me.
I won't offend you any more than is necessary to ensure I get what I deserve.
You go along with him, you old dog.
Can this be?
Are you starting to challenge me?
I will cure you of your insolence and not give you a thousand crowns either.
Hey, Dennis!
Did you call for me, your Worship ?
Hasn't the duke's wrestler Charles come here to speak with me?
Call him in.
Good morning to your Worship.
Good Monsieur Charles, what's the latest news at the new palace court?
There's no news but the old news, sir.
Do you know if Rosalind, the old duke's daughter, has been banished with her father?
Where is the old duke living?
So, are you going to wrestle tomorrow before the new duke?
Yes, sir, and that's what I came to talk to you about.
I have been secretly informed that your younger brother Orlando plans to disguise himself and try to wrestle me.
Tomorrow, sir, I wrestle for my reputation, and anyone who escapes me without a broken limb will have done quite well.
Charles, I thank you for your loyalty to me, and you'll see that I will kindly reward you.
I had myself learned of my brother's plan to disguise himself and fight you, and I have already been secretly trying to change his mind, but he won't budge.
I tell you, Charles: he is the stubbornest young fellow in France, full of ambition, a jealous mimic of other people's good qualities, and a secret, villainous traitor against me, his own brother.
So use your discretion.
I would be just as pleased if you broke his neck as his finger.
I am very glad I came here to talk to you.
If he tries to wrestle me tomorrow, I'll give him what he deserves.
If he can walk on his own after I'm through with him, I'll never wrestle professionally again.
Farewell, and God bless your Worship.
Farewell, good Charles.
Please, Rosalind, my sweet cousin, be happy.
Dear Celia, I already look happier than I feel, and you want me to look even happier?
Unless you can teach me to forget my banished father, you shouldn't try to teach me to remember any great happiness.
Now I see that you don't love me as much as I love you.
If instead my uncle   , had banished your uncle   , I could have learned to love your father as my own as long as you were still with me.
You would do the same, if your love for me was as true and well forged as mine is for you.
Well, then I'll try to forget my situation and instead rejoice in yours.
From now on I will, cousin.
And I'll make up games for us to play.
What game should we play, then?
Let us sit and mock the good housewife Fortune, until she starts bestowing her gifts more equally.
No, now you're getting Fortune and Nature confused.
Fortune determines what happens to us, while Nature decides how we're made.
Really?
If Nature has made a beautiful woman, can't Fortune then make her fall into a fire?
Even though Nature has given us the wit to mock Fortune, hasn't Fortune then sent in this fool to interrupt our conversation?
Mistress, you must come and see your father.
Did he make you the messenger?
Where did you learn to swear "by my honor," fool?
How are you going to prove that, out of your great heap of knowledge?
Yes, please, now unleash your wisdom.
Both of you come forward now: stroke your chins and swear by your beards that I am a dishonest man.
By our beards   , you are a dishonest man.
And I swear by my dishonesty    that I am.
But if you swear by something that doesn't exist, then your oath isn't binding.
Do tell, who is this knight that you're referring to?
Someone that old Frederick, your father, loves.
If he has my father's love, then that is honor enough.
Speak no more of him.
You'll be whipped for slander one of these days.
It's a pity that fools aren't allowed to speak wisely about what wise men do foolishly.
I swear, you speak the truth.
For ever since the fools' small wisdom was silenced, the wise men's small foolishness has become much more apparent.
Here comes Sir Le Beau.
With his mouth full of news.
Which he'll shove down our throats like a pigeon feeding its young.
Then we'll be crammed full of news.
All the better.
We'll be worth more when we're fattened up.
Good morning, Sir Le Beau.
What's the news?
Fair princess, you've missed some good sport.
Sport?
Of what color?
What color , madam?
I don't understand.
As your wit and fortune permit you.
Or as the Fates say you should.
Well said.
You laid that on thick.
Well, if I don't perform as I should according to my rank
You'll lose your old smell .
You confuse me, ladies.
I was going to tell you about a good wrestling match, which you have missed.
Tell us what kind of wrestling.
Well, the beginning is already dead and buried.
There comes an old man and his three sons
It sounds like the beginning of a folk tale.
Three proper young men, all good looking and with charismatic presence
With signs around their necks saying: "Let it be known to all men by these presents.  "
Oh my!
But what was the sport, sir, that the ladies missed?
Why, the wrestling I just spoke of.
Men must be getting wiser every day.
This is the first time I ever heard about rib breaking as a sport for ladies.
Me too, I promise you.
But doesn't anyone else want to hear the broken music of breathing through broken ribs?
Does anyone else love rib  breaking?
Should we go see this wrestling, cousin?
You'll have to if you stay here, as this is the place where the wrestling is scheduled, and they are ready to begin.
Yes, I see them coming from over there.
Let's stay and watch.
Come on.
Since the youth can't be reasoned with, let him suffer for his eagerness.
Is that the man?
Indeed it is, madam.
Oh dear, he is too young.
But he looks capable.
How goes it, daughter and niece?
Have you snuck over here to see the wrestling?
Yes, my lord, if you'll give us your permission.
You won't enjoy it very much, I can tell you, as the odds are stacked against this man.
Because of the challenger's youth, I've been trying to discourage him from fighting.
But he won't listen.
Call him here, good Sir Le Beau.
You go ahead  I won't be here.
He steps aside.
Sir Challenger, the Princess calls for you.
I'll wait on them with all respect and duty.
Young man, have you challenged Charles the wrestler?
No, lovely princess.
He is the general challenger.
I have only come in, like the others, to test the strength of my youth against him.
Young gentleman, your spirits are too bold for your age.
You have seen the cruel proof of this man's strength.
Please do, young sir.
Your reputation won't be hurt.
We will beg the duke ourselves that the wrestling match be cancelled.
I wish that the little strength I have were with you.
And mine too, to join hers.
Good luck.
I pray to God that I'm wrong about you.
May you get your heart's desires.
Come, where is this young show off who is so eager to lie with his mother earth?
Ready, sir; but I have a more modest desire.
You will only get one round.
No, I'm sure your Grace won't be able to convince him to try a second round, just as you couldn't convince him not to try a first round.
You should mock me after the match, not before.
But come on.
Now Hercules give you speed, young man!
Oh, excellent young man!
If I could shoot thunderbolts from my eyes, I can tell you who would be thrown down.
No more, no more.
Yes, more, I beg your Grace.
I'm hardly warmed up yet.
How are you doing, Charles?
He cannot speak, my lord.
Carry him away.
What is your name, young man?
Orlando, my lord, the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys.
I wish you had been some other man's son.
The world admired your father as an honorable man, but he was still my enemy.
Your victory would have better pleased me if you came from a different family.
But good luck.
You are a brave youth.
Cousin, if I were my father, would I act as he did?
I am proud to be Sir Rowland's son his youngest son and I wouldn't change that even to be Frederick's adopted heir.
My father loved Sir Rowland like he loved his own soul, and the rest of the world shared my father's opinion.
If had known before that this young man was Sir Rowland's son, I would have wept and tried even harder to persuade him not to wrestle.
Dear cousin, let us go thank him and encourage him.
My father's rough and jealous behavior toward him hurts me in my heart.
Sir, your victory was well deserved.
If you keep and exceed your promises in love just as you have exceeded your promises in this wrestling match, your wife will be a happy woman.
Yes.
Good luck, fair gentleman.
He's calling us back.
Will you come on, cousin?
Just a second.
Farewell.
What is this passion that makes my tongue so heavy?
I can't speak to her, even though she urged me to.
Oh, poor Orlando!
You are defeated.
Either Charles or some more delicate thing has mastered you.
Good sir, let me advise you, as a friend, to leave this place.
I thank you, sir, and ask you to tell me this: which of the two ladies at the wrestling match was the daughter of the duke?
I am indebted to you.
Farewell.
What's going on, Rosalind?
Not even one to throw at a dog.
No, your words are too precious to be thrown at dogs.
Throw some of them at me.
Come, injure me with your wisdom.
But is all this about your father?
No, some of it is for my child's father.
Oh, this wearisome world is full of thorns!
Cousin, they're just burrs thrown on you in your holiday adventuring.
If we don't walk on well worn paths, even our petticoats will catch them.
Cough them away.
I would try to, if I could cry "ahem" and have him.
Come, come, wrestle with your feelings and take control of them.
Oh, but my feelings are taking the side of a better wrestler than myself.
Oh, good luck to you then.
You will wrestle him eventually, and fall .
But let's put these jokes aside and talk in earnest.
Is it possible that could have fallen in love with Sir Rowland's youngest son so suddenly?
The duke my father loved his father dearly.
So does that mean that you must love his son dearly?
By this logic I should hate him, for my father hated his father.
But I don't hate Orlando.
No, please, don't hate him.
Why shouldn't I?
Doesn't he deserve it ?
Let me love him because your father hated his father, and you should love him because I do.
Look, here comes the duke.
With his eyes full of anger.
Madam, leave here quickly, while you still can, and get out of my court.
Me, uncle?
You, niece.
If you are found within twenty miles of our court in ten days time, you will die for it.
I beg your Grace, let me go with the knowledge of what crime I have committed.
All traitors say things like this.
If they could purge their guilt with words, they would be as innocent as God himself.
It should be enough for you to know that I don't trust you.
But your mistrust cannot make me a traitor.
Tell me on what grounds you think I'm most likely guilty.
You are your father's daughter.
That's enough.
I was also my father's daughter when your Highness took my father's dukedom.
And I was his daughter when your Highness banished him.
Dear Highness, let me speak.
Yes, Celia, we let her stay here for your sake.
Otherwise she would have been banished with her father.
Then pronounce that sentence on me as well, my lord.
I cannot live without her company.
You are a fool.
You, niece, prepare yourself to leave.
Oh, my poor Rosalind, where will you go?
Can we exchange fathers?
I will give you mine.
I insist, don't be more grieved than I am.
I have more reason to be grieved.
You do not, cousin.
Please, be cheerful.
Don't you realize that the duke has also banished me, his daughter?
No he has not.
No, he hasn't?
In that case you lack the love that would teach you that you and I are one.
Will we be separated?
Should we part, sweet girl?
No, let my father find another heir instead.
Well, where will we go then?
To find my uncle  your father  in the Forest of Arden.
But it will be very dangerous for us to travel so far as two girls alone.
Beauty attracts thieves even more than money does.
I'll put on some poor and ragged clothes and smear my face with dirt.
You do the same thing.
Then we can pass by and not attract any attackers.
Wouldn't it be better, since I am unusually tall, if I just dressed myself from head to foot like a man?
What should I call you when you are a man?
I'll take no less of a name than that of Jove's own cup  bearer.
So make sure to call me Ganymede .
Cousin, what if we took that clownish fool from your father's court and brought him with us?
Wouldn't he be a comfort during our travels?
He would travel all over the wide world for me.
Leave it to me to persuade him.
Let's go and gather our jewels and wealth together, and plan the best time and safest way to avoid the people that will chase after us when my absence is discovered.
And now we go, happily, to liberty not to banishment.
Now, my companions and brothers in exile, hasn't our long experience shown this simple life to be sweeter than one of superficial luxury?
Aren't these woods less dangerous than the jealousies and treachery of the court?
I wouldn't exchange it for anything.
Your Grace, you are lucky to be able to translate your misfortune into such a quiet, happy lifestyle.
Come, should we go and kill some deer for dinner?
Although it bothers me that these poor spotted innocents   who are the native inhabitants of this uninhabited city   should be gored with arrowheads in their own home.
Indeed, my lord, the melancholy Jaques grieves at the same thing, and he swears that when you hunt deer you are in fact a worse usurper than your brother who banished you.
But what did Jaques say?
Didn't he find some moral in this scene?
Oh yes, he translated it into a thousand similes.
And did you leave him in this state of contemplation?
We did, my lord, as he wept and commented on the sobbing deer.
Show me the place where this happened.
I love to talk with him when he's in these melancholy moods, for then he's full of things to say.
I'll bring you to him right away.
Can it be possible that no man saw them leave?
It cannot be.
Some villains in my court must be complicit in this.
I cannot find anyone that saw her leave.
The ladies who attend her in her rooms helped her into bed last night, but in the early morning they found the bed empty of their mistress.
My lord, the base clown  whom your Grace used to laugh at so often  is also missing.
Send a message to his brother.
Fetch that pretty boy Orlando here.
If he is absent, then bring his brother to me.
I'll make Oliver find Orlando.
Do this immediately, and don't let your searching and questioning falter until you've brought home these foolish runaways.
Who's there?
My young master; oh, my gentle master; oh, my sweet master; oh, you living memory of old Sir Rowland!
Why, what are you doing here?
Why are you virtuous?
Why do people love you?
And why are you noble, strong, and brave?
Why would you be so foolish as to beat the moody duke's prized wrestler?
Praise of your victory has reached home before you did.
Don't you know, master, that to some men their good qualities serve them only as enemies?
Yours are like this.
Noble master, your virtues are both blessed and holy traitors to you.
Oh, what a world this is, when what is good in a man poisons him!
Why, what's the matter?
Oh, unlucky young man: don't walk through these doors.
Under this roof lives a man who is the enemy of all your good qualities.
Well, where would you suggest I go then, Adam?
It doesn't matter where, as long as it isn't here.
What, would you have me go and beg for my food, or use a lowly, rough sword to lead a life of thievery on the common road?
That's what I'll have to do, because I don't know what else I could do.
And yet that is something I won't do, no matter what.
I would rather give myself up to the hatred of an estranged, violent brother.
But don't do that.
Oh, good old man, you are a prime example of the work ethic of the old days, when people worked for duty, not just for money.
You are not made for these present times, where no one will work except for a promotion, and when they have that, they stop working.
Master, go on, and I will follow you to the last gasp, with truth and loyalty.
I have lived in this house from age seventeen to now, almost eighty, but now I will live here no more.
Many seek their fortunes at age seventeen, but eighty is a bit late for that.
Yet fortune cannot reward me better than to die well, without owing my master anything.
Oh Jove , my spirit is worn out!
I wouldn't care about my spirit, if my legs weren't so tired.
Please bear with me.
I can't go any further.
As for me, I'd rather bear with you than bear you .
But if I did carry you it would be no cross to bear, because I think you have no money in your purse.
Well, this is the Forest of Arden.
Yes, now I am in Arden, which makes me even more of a fool.
When I was at home, I was in a better place.
Yes, be content, good Touchstone.
That's only going to make her keep scorning you.
Oh, Corin, if you only knew how much I love her!
I can probably guess, as I have been in love before.
No, Corin, being old, you cannot guess even if in your youth you were as true a lover as ever sighed into your pillow all night long.
But if your love was anything like mine and I'm sure that no man has ever loved as I do tell me how many ridiculous actions did your desires lead you to perform?
A thousand, but I have forgotten them all.
Oh, then you never loved as fully as I do.
If you cannot remember even the smallest foolish act that love drove you to, then you have not loved.
Or if you have not sat as I do now, wearying your listener with the praise of your beloved, then you have not loved.
Or if you have not broken away from all company, as my passion now leads me to do, then you have not loved.
Oh Phoebe, Phoebe, Phoebe!
Alas, poor shepherd, hearing you describe your injured heart has reminded me of my own lovelorn suffering.
And mine as well.
I remember when I was in love, I broke my sword upon a stone and told the sword to "take that" for coming at night to visit Jane Smile.
And I remember kissing Jane's washing stick, and the cow's udders that her pretty chapped hands had milked.
And I remember wooing a peapod, and taking two peas from it and giving them to her, and tearfully asking her to "Wear these for my sake .  "
We who are true lovers do many strange things.
But just as everything in nature is mortal, so all lovers show their humanity through their foolishness.
Your words are wiser than you are aware of.
No, I will never be aware of my own wit, until I break my shins against it.
Jove, Jove, this shepherd's passion is much like my own.
And mine too, but I am getting somewhat tired of it.
Please, one of you go ask that man if he will sell us any food for gold.
I am fainting almost to death with hunger.
Hey, you clown!
Quiet, you fool.
He's not a clown like you.
Who calls?
Your superior, sir.
Quiet, I say.
Good evening to you, friend.
And to you, noble sir, and to you all.
Please, shepherd, if kindness or gold can buy food and lodging in this uninhabited place, lead us to where we can rest ourselves and eat.
With us here is a young lady who is very weary from traveling and faint with hunger.
Good looking sir, I pity her and wish, for her sake more than my own, that I was better able to help her.
But I am the hired shepherd of another man, and I do not shear the wool from the sheep I tend.
My master is a stingy man and doesn't care to get to heaven by doing things that are hospitable.
Besides, his cottage, his flocks, and his pastures are now for sale.
Who is the person who wants to buy the flock and pasture?
That young shepherd you saw here just a little while ago, but in truth he hardly cares about buying anything.
I ask you  if it can be honorably done  please buy the cottage, the pasture, and the flock, and we will give you the money to pay for it.
And we will improve your wages.
I like this place, and would willingly spend my time here.
The thing will certainly be sold.
Come with me.
If you like what you see of the land, its potential profit, and this shepherd's life, then I will be your faithful servant and buy it with your gold immediately.
More, more, please, more.
It will make you sad, Sir Jaques.
I will be glad about that.
More, please, more.
I can suck sadness out of a song like a weasel sucks the yolk out of an egg.
More, please, more.
My voice has grown ragged.
I know it won't please you.
I don't want you to please me.
I want you to sing.
Come, more, another verse.
Is that what you call them, "verses?"
Call them what you want, Sir Jaques.
Only because you ask me, not to please myself.
Well then, if I've ever thanked any man, I'll thank you.
But two men complimenting each other are like two baboons scratching each others' backs: insincere politeness.
Well, I'll sing the end of the song.
Sirs, you set the table in the meantime; the duke will drink under this tree.
He has been looking for you all day.
And I have been avoiding him all day.
He is too argumentative for my company.
I think about just as many things as he does, but I thank heaven for them instead of boasting about them.
Come, sing, come.
I'll give you a verse I wrote for this tune yesterday, though it's not very imaginative.
And I'll sing it.
It goes like this: If it should come to pass That any man turns into an ass, Leaving his wealth and ease To please his stubborn will, Ducdame, ducdame, ducdame.
Here he will see Fools as vulgar as he, If he will come to me.
What does "ducdame " mean?
It's a Greek invocation, to call fools into a circle .
I'm going to sleep, if I can.
If I can't, I'll curse all the first born children of Egypt.
And I'll go seek the duke.
His meal is ready.
Dear master, I can't go any further.
Oh, I'm dying of hunger.
I will lie down here and measure out my grave.
Farewell, kind master.
Why, what's this now, Adam?
Don't you have a braver heart than that?
Live a little, comfort yourself a little, cheer up a little.
If this wild forest has any animals in it, I will either be food for them or bring them as food for you.
Your body isn't close to death.
It's only your imagination.
For my sake, be comfortable.
I think he must have transformed into an animal, because I cannot find him anywhere looking like a man.
My lord, he just left from here.
Here he was happy, listening to a song.
He saves me the trouble by coming here himself.
Why, what's going on, sir?
What a life is this that your poor friends must come begging for your company?
Hmm.
A fool, a fool, I met a fool in the forest, a jester dressed in mixed colors.
What a miserable world!
What fool is this?
Oh, worthy fool!
A fool who has been at court, and who says, "If ladies are young and fair, they also always know it.  "
He has a brain as dry as a sailor's biscuit after a voyage, and he has crammed strange parts of it with observations, which he expresses in a twisted, roundabout way.
Oh, I wish I were a fool!
My ambition is to wear a jester's coat.
You will have one then.
Curse you!
I know what you would do.
I'll give you a penny if you tell me: what would I do besides good?
Why, if I cry out against pride in general, should that mean that I'm criticizing a particular person?
Stop, and eat no more.
Why, I haven't eaten anything yet.
And you won't until what has to be done is done.
What kind of fighting rooster is this?
You described me right the first time.
The painful thorn of distress has robbed me of the performance of good manners, though I was raised in civilized society and had a proper upbringing.
But stop, I say.
Whoever touches this fruit before my business is taken care of will die.
If you won't listen to reason, then I must die.
What do you want?
Your gentlemanly manners will persuade us to act, more than your force will persuade us to act gentlemanly.
I am almost dying with hunger, so let me have some food.
Sit down and eat, and welcome to our table.
Do you really speak like such a gentleman?
Forgive me, I beg you.
I thought that everything in this forest was savage and wild, so I made myself act stern and demanding.
But whoever you are you who sit under the shade of gloomy branches, losing track of the creeping hours of time in this inaccessible wilderness if you have ever seen better days, or ever heard bells calling you to church, or ever sat at a good man's table for a feast, or ever wiped a tear from your eyes; if you know what it is to pity and be pitied, then let my gentle manners persuade you.
It is true that we have seen better days, and have been summoned to church by the ringing of holy bells, and have sat at good men's feasts, and have wiped away tears caused by sacred pity.
Therefore sit down with us and ask for whatever it is you need, so that we may provide it.
Then if you will please stop eating for a little while, I  like a mother deer  will go find my fawn and give it food.
There is a poor old man who has limped after me for many weary miles, purely out of love.
He is oppressed by two evils, age and hunger, and until he gets food I won't eat a bit.
Go find him, and we won't eat anything until you return.
I thank you, and God bless you for your kind hospitality.
You see that we are not the only unhappy ones here.
This wide and universal theater presents more sad plays than just the small scene we are acting in.
The whole world is a stage, and all the men and women merely actors.
They have their exits and their entrances, and in his lifetime one man plays many parts, with the ages of his life in seven acts.
In the first act he is the infant, crying and puking in the nurse's arms.
Then he plays the whining schoolboy with his book bag and bright youthful face, creeping like a snail unwillingly to school.
And then he is the lover, sighing like a furnace and writing sad songs about his beloved's eyebrows.
Welcome.
Set down your honorable old burden, and let the old man eat.
I thank you very much on his behalf.
Welcome.
Start eating.
I won't trouble you with questions about your situation yet.
Now give us some music, and, good cousin , sing for us.
If you really are the good Sir Rowland's son, as you convincingly whispered that you are and as I can see his likeness perfectly portrayed and alive in your face you are truly welcome here.
I am the duke who loved your father.
Come to my cave and tell me the rest of what has happened to you.
Good old man, you are just as welcome as your master is.
Support him with your arm.
Give me your hand, and explain your situation.
You haven't seen him since?
Sir, sir, that cannot be true.
If I weren't so merciful, I would forget about your absent brother and take my revenge on you in his place.
But do this: find your brother, wherever he is.
Seek him without resting.
Bring him to me, dead or alive, within the next year, or else you can give up ever living in my territory again.
Until you find your brother  and he gives some testimony to defend you from my accusations  I am seizing all your lands and possessions of any value.
Oh, I wish that your Highness knew my true feelings about this.
Then you are even more of a villain.
And how do you like this shepherd's life, Master Touchstone?
Then you are a natural philosopher.
Were you ever at the court, shepherd?
Honestly, no.
Then you are damned.
I hope not.
Truly, you are damned, like an egg cooked only on one side.
Just because I've never been at court?
Explain your reasoning.
Not at all, Touchstone.
What passes for good manners at the court looks just as ridiculous in the country as country behavior is so mockable at the court.
You told me that you don't greet each other at the court without kissing your hands.
If courtiers were shepherds, that kind of courtesy would be vulgar.
Give me proof, briefly.
Come, give me an example.
Why, because we shepherds are always handling our sheep, and their fleece is greasy, you know.
What, don't courtiers' hands sweat?
And isn't the grease of a sheep as good as the sweat of a man?
Poor example, poor.
Give me better proof, I say.
Come on.
Besides, our hands are calloused.
Then your lips will feel them even sooner.
Come on, a more sound example.
And they are often covered with tar from treating the wounds of our sheep.
And would you have us kiss tar?
You most shallow man.
Indeed, you are like rotting flesh in the middle of a good steak.
Your wit is too courtly for me.
I'll rest my case.
You'll rest while still damned?
God help you, you foolish man.
I hope that God does some surgery on you; you are sick.
Sir, I am a true and simple laborer.
Here comes young Master Ganymede.
"From the east to the west Indies, No jewel is like Rosalind.
Her worth is carried by the wind, Through all the world it bears the name Rosalind.
All the brightest, most beautiful paintings Are black compared to Rosalind.
Don't think of any beauty But the beauty of Rosalind.  "
I could rhyme like that for eight years straight, taking breaks only to eat and sleep.
The verses plod on monotonously like dairy women marching off to the market.
That's enough, fool.
Here's a taste: If a buck should need a hind , let him seek out Rosalind.
If a cat should look for a mate in kind, certainly also will Rosalind.
Winter garments must be lined, and so must skinny Rosalind.
Those who harvest must sheaf and bind, then throw on the market cart ripe Rosalind.
The sweetest nut has the sourest rind, and such a nut is Rosalind.
He who the sweetest rose will find, will also find love's thorn, and Rosalind.
This is the way those verses gallop unevenly along.
Why infect yourself by listening to them?
Quiet, you dull fool.
I found them attached a tree.
Honestly, that tree yields rotten fruit.
I'll graft you onto that tree, which will be grafting it with a medlar .
The fruit the tree bears will then be the earliest ripe fruit in the country, for you'll be rotten before you're half ripe, which is the way medlars should be.
You've had your say now, but let the forest judge whether your words are wise or not.
Quiet.
Here comes my cousin, reading something.
Step aside.
Why should this place be a desert?
Because it is uninhabited?
No.
I'll hang poems on every tree that will portray the comments of a city.
Oh, most noble Jupiter, what a tedious sermon of love you have been wearying your congregation with!
What now?
Move back, my friends.
Shepherd, go off a little ways.
Go with him, sir .
Did you hear those verses?
Oh yes, I heard them all, and more too  for some of the lines had more feet in them than the verses could bear.
That's no matter.
The feet can bear the verses.
Yes, but the feet were lame and couldn't carry themselves without the verses, and therefore stood badly within the verse.
But did you hear all that without wondering why your name should be written and hung upon all these trees?
I was almost through with my time of wonder when you arrived, for look here what I found on a palm tree.
I haven't been rhymed about this since my past life as an Irish rat , which I can hardly remember.
Do you know who has written these?
Is it a man?
A man who has a chain, which you once wore, hanging around his neck.
Do you blush?
Please, who is he?
No, who is it?
Is it possible?
Please, I'm begging you now most sincerely, tell me who it is.
Oh this is wonderful, wonderful, and most wondrously wonderful, and another wonderful, and after that, wonderful beyond measure!
Good grief, do you think that because I am dressed like a man, I also have a man's patience?
One more second of delay is as endless to me as a journey exploring the South Seas.
Please, tell me who it is quickly, and speak fast.
I wish you could stammer this hidden man out of your mouth like wine flowing from a narrow necked bottle either too much at once, or none at all.
I beg you, take the cork out of your mouth, that I might drink up your news.
So that you could then put a man in your belly .
Is he a real, flesh and blood man?
What kind of man is he?
No, he has only a little beard.
Well, God will send him a bigger beard, if the man is thankful.
I'll wait for his beard to grow, if you will stop delaying in telling me what chin that beard grows on.
It is young Orlando, who conquered both the wrestler and your heart in the same moment.
No  curse you if you're mocking me.
Speak seriously and truthfully.
I promise, cousin, it's him.
Orlando?
Orlando.
Oh no, what will I do with my man's outfit?
What did he do when you saw him?
What did he say?
How did he look?
What did he wear?
What brings him here?
Did he ask for me?
Where is he staying?
How did he say goodbye to you?
And when will you see him again?
Answer me in one word.
But does he know that I am here in this forest and dressed like a man?
Does he look as healthy as he did the day he wrestled?
It's easier to count dust particles than to answer a lover's many questions.
But have a taste of my story, and add sauce to it by paying attention.
I found Orlando under a tree, like a dropped acorn.
The oak is truly Jove's tree, as it drops such divine fruit.
Let me speak, good madam.
Continue.
There he lay, stretched out like a wounded knight.
Tell your tongue to halt, please.
It's leaping around out of turn.
He was dressed like a hunter.
Oh, how ominous!
He comes to kill my heart.
I would like to sing my song solo.
You throw me off key.
Don't you know that I am a woman?
When I think, I must speak.
Now go on, sweet one.
You've made me forget the tune.
But quiet, isn't he coming here now?
It's him.
Let's sneak away and watch him.
God be with you.
Let's meet as infrequently as we can.
I too hope that we can be better strangers.
Please don't wound any more trees by carving love poems in their bark.
Please don't wound any more of my verses by reading them so badly.
Your love's name is Rosalind?
Yes, that's right.
I do not like her name.
No one thought about pleasing you when she was named.
How tall is she?
Just as tall as my heart.
You are full of pretty answers.
Are you friends with goldsmith's wives from whom you've stolen their rings, memorizing the love mottoes engraved on them?
You have a fast wit.
It seems as quick as Atalanta's feet.
Will you sit down with me?
Together we can complain about our mistress the world and all our misery.
I won't blame any living thing in this world except myself, whose faults I know best.
Your worst fault is being in love.
It's a fault I wouldn't trade for your best virtue.
I'm tired of you.
I swear, I was looking for a fool when I found you, and I seem to have been successful.
Your fool drowned in the brook.
Just look in, and you'll see him.
There I will only see myself.
Who must then be either a fool or a nothing.
I won't waste my time with you any more.
Farewell, good Mister Love.
I am glad to see you leave.
Farewell, good Mister Gloom.
I will speak to him as if I'm an insolent servant, and in that disguise I can trick him.
Can you hear me, forest dweller?
Very well.
What do you want?
Please, what time does the clock say?
You should ask me what time of day it is instead.
There's no clock in the forest.
Then there is no true lover in the forest either, for they are as regular as a clock   their sighing every minute and groaning every hour would easily mark the lazy progress of time.
Why do you say the "lazy progress" and not the "swift progress" of time?
Wouldn't that have been just as accurate?
By no means, sir.
Time travels at different speeds for different people.
I can tell you who time strolls with, who time trots with, who time gallops with, and who time stands still for.
Please, who does time trot with?
Well, it trots painfully for a young maid between her engagement and the day she gets married.
This time period might be only seven days, but time's pace is so torturous that it seems like seven years.
And who does time stroll with?
And who does it gallop with?
And who does time stand still for?
For lawyers on vacation, because they sleep between court session and court session, and so have no perception of how time moves.
Where do you live, clever youth?
With this shepherdess, my sister, here in the outskirts of the forest, which is like fringe on a petticoat.
Were you born in this place?
Your accent is more refined than the one usually acquired in such a remote place.
Many people have told me this.
Can you remember any of the greatest evils your uncle ascribed to women?
There were no greatest ones.
They were all as similar as one halfpenny to another, with each fault seeming the most monstrous until the next fault came along to match it.
Please, tell me some of them.
No, I won't give away my medicine except to those who are sick.
I am that man, the one who is so shaken by love.
Please tell me about your medicine.
But you don't have any of the symptoms my uncle described.
He taught me how to recognize a man in love, and I am sure that you aren't a prisoner of that flimsy cage.
What were the symptoms he described?
A thin face, which you don't have; dark circles under the eyes from sleeplessness, which you don't have; a neglected beard, which you don't have but I can forgive you for that, since you are young and barely have a beard anyway.
Your stockings should be falling down; your hat missing its band; your sleeves unbuttoned; your shoes untied; and everything about you demonstrating carelessness and anguish.
But you are no such man as this.
You are perfect in your dress, like someone who loves himself more than anyone else.
Handsome youth, I wish I could make you believe that I'm in love.
Make me believe it?
You might as well make the one you love believe it, which I suspect she's more likely to do than to admit to doing.
That is one of the ways in which women contradict what they know to be true in their hearts.
But truly, are you the man who hangs those love poems to Rosalind on the trees?
I swear to you by Rosalind's fair hand, young man: I am that unfortunate man.
But are you really as in love as your poems say you are?
Neither rhyme nor reason can express how in love I am.
Have you ever cured anyone in this way?
I don't want to be cured, youth.
I could cure you, though, if you would only call me "Rosalind" and come to my cottage every day to woo me.
By the strength of my love, I will then.
Tell me where it is.
With all my heart, good youth.
No, you must call me Rosalind now.
Sister, will you come with us?
Come along, good Audrey.
I will fetch your goats for you, Audrey.
And now, Audrey?
Am I the man for you?
Do the features of my simple appearance please you?
Your features, God protect us!
What features?
Well, I am here with you and your goats, just as the witty poet, honest Ovid, was exiled among the Goths .
When a man's verses can't be understood and his good jokes aren't acknowledged or appreciated, it's worse than getting a large bill for renting a little room.
Truly, I wish the gods had made you more poetical, Audrey.
I don't know what "poetical" means.
Does it mean honest in word and deed?
Does it mean being truthful?
Do you still wish that the gods had made me poetical, then?
What, you don't want me to be chaste?
A fool with good sense.
Well, I am not beautiful, so I pray that the gods will at least keep me chaste.
Yes, but to waste chastity on an ugly slut is like putting good meat into a dirty dish.
I am not a slut, though I thank the gods that I am ugly.
Well, may the gods be praised for your ugliness then.
I'd love to see this.
Well, may the gods bless our marriage.
Amen.
Another man, if he had a fearful heart, might falter at this point  for this forest isn't a real temple, and there is no audience here but horned beasts.
But who cares?
Horns are hateful, but they are necessary.
Is there no one here to give the bride away?
I won't take her as a secondhand gift from another man.
Truly, someone has to give her away, or the marriage isn't legal.
Continue, continue.
I'll give her away.
Good evening, good Mister What's his name.
How do you do, sir?
I am very glad to see you.
May God reward you for being here right now.
I am very glad to see you.
This is just an unimportant matter here, sir.
No, please keep your hat on.
Do you want to get married, fool?
As the ox has his yoke, the horse his bridle, and the falcon her tether, so a man has his desires, which must be restrained somehow
But will you  as a man of your breeding  get married like a beggar under a bush, by an uneducated priest?
Get yourself to a church and have a proper priest teach you the obligations of marriage.
This fellow here will just set you two alongside each other like two pieces of paneling.
Then one of you will warp like green wood, and you will both be out of alignment.
Come with me, and let me advise you.
Come, sweet Audrey.
We must be married, or else live in sin.
It doesn't matter to me.
None of these crazy fools will ever convince me to abandon my position.
Don't talk to me.
I'll cry.
Go ahead and cry, but at least consider that tears aren't proper for a man.
But don't I have good reason to cry?
As good a reason as you could want.
So go on and cry.
It's a bit browner than Judas'.
Although, indeed, his kisses are betrayals, like Judas's kisses were.
Honestly, his hair is a good color.
It is an excellent color.
Chestnut is always the best color.
And his kisses are as holy as Communion bread.
He must have bought a cast off pair of cast iron lips from chaste Diana .
His kisses are more religious than those of a frigid nun.
They seem to have the very iciness of chastity in them.
But why would he swear to come this morning, and then not come?
Well, certainly, he must be a complete liar.
Do you think so?
You think his love isn't true?
But you've heard him swear outright that he was.
"Was" is not "is.  "
He may have been in love, but he isn't anymore.
I met my father yesterday, and he had many questions for me.
Oh, he's a brave man indeed.
Mistress and master, you have often asked me about that lovestruck shepherd, whom you once saw sitting at my side and praising the proud, disdainful shepherdess with whom he was in love.
Well, what about him?
If you would like to see a performance being played out between someone who is pale with true, unrequited love, and someone red with scorn and proud disdain, then come with me a little ways and you can watch.
Oh, come, let's go.
The sight of lovers is nourishment to those already in love.
Bring us to this scene, and you'll see me take a part in their play.
Sweet Phoebe, don't scorn me.
Do not, Phoebe.
You can tell me you don't love me, but don't do it so bitterly.
Even the executioner  whose heart has grown hard from seeing so much death  still begs his victim's pardon before he lets his axe fall.
Will you be even crueler than someone who makes his living through blood and killing?
I don't want to be your executioner.
I avoid you so that I won't hurt you.
You tell me there is murder in my eyes.
Oh, dear Phoebe, if you ever should fall in love with some fresh face, then you will know about the invisible wounds that love's sharp arrows make.
But until that time comes, don't come near me.
And why, I ask you?
Who raised you, that you would insult this wretched man and exult over his injuries all at once?
Honestly, I don't see much in you no more brightness than could light my way to bed in the dark so why must you be so proud and pitiless?
Why, what's going on?
Why do you look at me?
There is no more to you than nature's ordinary, mass  produced product.
God save my life, I think she intends to ensnare my affections as well.
No, proud mistress, don't hope for it.
You can't tame my spirits and make me worship you  not with your ink black eyebrows; your black silky hair; your black, bead like eyeballs; or your creamy complexion.
Sweet youth, please keep scorning me all year long.
I would rather hear your scolding than this man's wooing.
He's fallen in love with your ugliness.
And she's falling in love with my anger.
If this is so, then as soon as she answers you with frowning looks, I'll rebuke her with bitter words.
Why do you look at me like that?
I don't mean you any harm.
Sweet Phoebe
Ha, what did you say, Silvius?
Sweet Phoebe, have pity on me.
Well, I am sorry for you, dear Silvius.
You have my love  my neighborly love.
Isn't that enough?
I would have you.
Well, that's just being greedy.
My love for you is so holy and perfect, and earlier you hated me so much, that I'll take the leftover scraps of your love's harvest and consider them a plentiful bounty.
Every now and then let me have a smile, and I'll live on that.
Do you know the youth who was speaking to me earlier?
Not very well, but I have met him a few times, and he bought the cottage and land that the old peasant used to own.
Don't start thinking that I love him, just because I'm asking about him.
He is just an irritating boy though he speaks well but what do I care about words?
Though words are good when the man speaking them is pleasant to hear.
He is a fine youth not very fine but he's very proud and yet his pride suits him well.
He'll grow up to be a proper man.
The best part about him is his complexion; as fast as his words offend me, his appearance heals their wounds.
He is not very tall but for his age he's tall.
His legs are only so  so and yet they're nice.
He had a pretty redness in his lips, a little darker and more passionate than the red that was in his cheeks; one was pure red and the other mingled pink and white.
With all my heart, Phoebe.
I'll write it immediately.
What I want to say is already in my head and in my heart.
I'll be bitter and extremely curt with him.
Come with me, Silvius.
Please, clever youth, let me get to know you better.
They say you are a melancholy fellow
I am indeed.
I like it better than laughing
Those who go to extremes of melancholy or laughter are abominable, and open themselves up to common criticism in an even worse way than drunkards do.
Well, it's good to be sad and say nothing.
Well then, it's good to be a post.
So you are a traveler.
Well then, you truly have good reason to be sad.
I'm afraid you have sold your own lands to see the lands of others.
To have seen much but have nothing is to have rich eyes and poor hands.
I have something I have gained my experience.
And your experience makes you sad.
I would rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad and you've had to travel to get that sadness, too.
Good day and happiness to you, dear Rosalind .
Now then, goodbye to you if you're going to speak in blank verse.
Goodbye, Mister Traveler.
My beautiful Rosalind, I've arrived within an hour of when I promised I would.
You would break a promise made in love by a whole hour?
Forgive me, dear Rosalind.
No, if you're so late again, don't bother coming.
I would rather be wooed by a snail.
By a snail?
Yes, a snail, for even though he comes slowly, he carries his whole house on his head a better marriage settlement than you can offer a woman, I think.
Besides, he brings his destiny along with him.
What destiny is that?
Why, his cuckold's horns the kind you men are always blaming your wives for.
The snail comes already armed with horns, so he preempts any slander about his wife's faithfulness.
A virtuous woman won't give a man horns, and my Rosalind is virtuous.
And I am your Rosalind.
It pleases him to call you that, but he has another Rosalind somewhere with a prettier face than yours.
Come on, woo me, woo me, for I'm in a good mood now, and likely enough to consent to what you want.
What would you say to me now, if I really were your very precious Rosalind?
I would kiss before I spoke.
No, you would do better to speak first, and then kiss only when you ran out of things to discuss.
But what if my kiss is denied?
Then she's making you beg, and that gives you a new subject to discuss.
Who could be out of things to say, if he's with his beloved mistress?
Well, you would be if I were your mistress, or else I would think my chastity was less pure than my wit.
What, would I have to give up my suit?
Not out of your clothes, but out of your suit.
But aren't I your Rosalind?
It makes me happy to pretend that you are, because then it's like I'm talking to her.
Well, as Rosalind, I say I don't want you.
Then, as myself, I will die.
No, you won't really die as yourself, but only by proxy.
This poor world is almost six thousand years old , and in all this time there hasn't been even a single man who died only from love.
I hope the real Rosalind doesn't think this way, for her frown alone might kill me.
I swear, her frown couldn't kill a fly.
Then love me, Rosalind.
Very well, I will, on Fridays and Saturdays, and all the rest.
And will you have me?
Yes, and twenty more like you.
What do you mean?
Aren't you a good man?
I hope so.
Why then, can you ever have too much of a good thing?
Come, sister, you will be the priest and marry us.
Give me your hand, Orlando.
What do you say, sister?
Please, marry us.
I'm not a priest I cannot say the words.
You should begin "Do you, Orlando "
Oh, fine.
Do you, Orlando, take Rosalind as your wife?
I do.
All right, but when?
Why, now, as fast as she can get us married.
Then you must say, "I take you, Rosalind, as my wife.  "
I take you, Rosalind, as my wife.
I might ask you by what authority, but I'll go ahead and take you, Orlando, as my husband.
Now I've anticipated the priest and answered the question before I was even asked.
So do all thoughts.
They have wings.
Now tell me how long you intend to keep Rosalind now that you have her.
Forever and a day.
But will my Rosalind do all this too?
I swear on my life, she'll act just like me.
Oh, but she is wise.
If she wasn't wise, she wouldn't have the wits to act so badly.
The wiser the woman, the more wayward she is.
Lock the doors on a woman's wit, and it will fly out the window.
Shut the windows, and it will escape through the keyhole.
Stop up the keyhole, and it will fly out the chimney with the smoke.
If a man had a wife like that, he might ask, "Where are you off to, wit?"
No, you had better save that question until you find your wife's wit in your neighbor's bed.
And what witty woman could have the wit to excuse that?
Well, she could say she was at the neighbor's looking for you.
You'll never find her without an answer unless you find her without a tongue.
Rosalind, I have to leave you for two hours now.
Alas, dear love, I can't live without you for two hours.
I must attend to the duke at his lunch.
By two o'clock I'll be back with you again.
Yes, go on, go on.
I knew you would end up like this.
My friends warned me, and I knew it, too.
But I was won over by that flattering tongue of yours.
I'm just one more seduced and abandoned woman, so come, take me, death!
You'll return at two o'clock?
Yes, sweet Rosalind.
I'll keep my word just as faithfully as if you really were my Rosalind.
So, goodbye.
You have totally slandered our sex in this love talk of yours.
We should pull off your man's jacket and breeches and show the world the bird who has attacked her own nest the woman who maligns her fellow women.
Oh, cousin, cousin, cousin, my pretty little cousin, if only you could know how deeply I am in love.
The depths of my love can't be plumbed; my affection has a bottom of unknown depth, like the Bay of Portugal.
Or rather it's bottomless, so that as quickly as you pour affection in one end, it runs out the other.
And I'll sleep.
Who is the man that killed the deer?
It was me, sir.
Let's present this man to the duke like a victorious Roman conqueror.
And we should also put the deer's horns on his head, like a victory branch.
Do you have a song, forester, for such an occasion?
Yes, sir.
Sing it.
It doesn't matter if it's in tune or not, as long as it makes enough noise.
What do you say now?
Isn't it past two o'clock?
And no Orlando here.
I promise you: with pure love and a troubled mind he has taken his bow and arrows and gone to take a nap.
I'm here to find you, fair youth.
My lovely Phoebe told me to give you this letter.
I don't know what it says, but guessing from her stern expression and spiteful demeanor while she was writing it, it has an angry tone.
Forgive me.
I'm just the innocent messenger.
The goddess of patience herself would be shocked by this letter, and get angry.
No, I promise, I don't even know what it says.
Phoebe wrote it.
Come, come, you're being a fool: you've been driven to the madness of love.
I saw her hands: she has leathery, yellowish brown hands.
I honestly thought she was wearing old gloves, but they were her real hands.
She has housewife's hands but that's not the point.
I say she never wrote this letter.
These are a man's words, and a man's handwriting.
It's really hers though.
Well, it's written in a cruel and rowdy style, like someone asking for a fight.
Why, she challenges me like a Turk challenging a Christian.
If it pleases you to read it, for I haven't heard it yet   although I've already heard too much of Phoebe's cruelty.
Well, now she's "Phoebe ing" me.
Listen to how the tyrant writes.
"Are you a god transformed into a shepherd, that you have so burned my heart?"
How could a woman rant like this?
You call that ranting?
You call this scolding?
Oh, poor shepherd.
Do you pity him?
No, he doesn't deserve pity.
Do you still insist on loving such a woman?
So she can use you like an instrument and play false tunes on you?
It shouldn't be endured.
Good morning, pretty ones.
Tell me please, if you know: where can I find a shepherd's cottage surrounded by olive trees, somewhere within the borders of this forest?
West of here, in the nearby valley, a row of willows by the stream on the right leads to the cottage.
But right now the house is keeping itself.
There's no one inside.
If eyes can get a sense of a description that's been spoken, then I recognize you.
It's not boasting, since you asked, to say that we are.
Orlando sends his regards to you both, and to the youth he calls "his Rosalind" he sends this bloody handkerchief.
Is that you?
Yes.
What does this mean?
It's a story with some shame on my part  a story about what kind of man I am  and how, why, and where this handkerchief was stained.
Please, tell it.
Oh, I've heard him talk about that same brother, and describe him as the most inhumane man in the world.
And he would be right to do so.
But back to Orlando: did he leave his brother there to be food for the dry and hungry lioness?
Are you his brother?
Was it you he rescued?
Was it you who was always trying to kill him?
But what about the bloody handkerchief?
In a minute.
Why, what's this now, Ganymede, sweet Ganymede?
Many people faint when they see blood.
There is more to it than that.
Cousin Ganymede.
Look, he's recovering.
I wish I were at home.
We'll take you there.
Please, will you take him by the arm?
Cheer up, boy.
Are you a man?
It seems you lack a man's heart.
I do indeed, I confess it.
Ha, sir, you can see that this was all pretend.
Please tell your brother how well I played my part.
Heigh ho.
This was no act.
Your flushed cheeks declare that your passion was real.
I was just pretending, I assure you.
Well then, cheer up and pretend to be a man.
That's what I'm doing.
But honestly, I should have been born a woman.
Come, you're getting paler and paler.
Please, let's go home.
Good sir, come with us.
I'll do that, for I must bring your answer back to my brother and tell him how you forgave him, Rosalind.
I'll come up with something.
But please, tell him how well I kept up my act as Rosalind.
Will you come with us?
We'll find a time to get married soon, Audrey.
Patience, kind Audrey.
Honestly, that priest was good enough, despite what the old gentleman said.
No, Audrey: he was a wicked Sir Oliver, and a vile Martext.
But, Audrey, there is a youth here in the forest who claims that you're his love.
Yes, I know who that is.
He has no claim over me, though.
It's like a feast to me to see such a country bumpkin.
I swear, we men with good wits have too much responsibility.
We have to be mocking.
We can't hold our tongues.
Good evening, Audrey.
God give you a good evening, William.
And good evening to you, sir.
Good evening, noble friend.
No, put your hat back on, put your hat back on.
Please, cover your head.
How old are you, friend?
Twenty five, sir.
A mature age.
Is your name William?
William, sir.
A nice name.
Were you born in the forest here?
Yes, sir, thank God.
"Thank God" a good answer.
Are you rich?
To be honest, sir, so so.
"So so" is good, very good, very excellently good.
And yet it also isn't: it's only so so.
Are you wise?
Yes, sir, I have a good mind.
Why, you speak well.
Which reminds me of a saying: "The fool thinks he is wise, but the wise man knows he is a fool.  "
A classical philosopher, when he wanted to eat a grape, would open his lips and put the grape into his mouth, thereby proving that grapes were made to eat and lips were made to open.
Do you love this young lady?
I do, sir.
Give me your hand.
Are you educated?
No, sir.
Then let me educate you now: to have something is to have it.
It's a common figure of speech that when a drink is poured from a cup into a glass, by filling the glass the cup becomes empty.
All the authorities agree that ipse translates from the Latin as "he himself.  "
Now, you are not ipse anymore, for I am he.
Which "he," sir?
"He," sir, who will marry this woman.
Do as he says, good William.
Farewell, sir.
Our master and mistress are seeking you.
Come on, let's go.
Quickly, Audrey, quickly, Audrey.
I'm coming, I'm coming.
Is it possible that you could like her after knowing her for such a brief amount of time?
And that you could fall in love after only seeing her once?
You have my consent.
You can get married tomorrow.
I will invite the duke and all his happy followers.
Go and get Aliena ready, for look here comes my Rosalind.
May God bless you, future brother in law.
And you, fair sister to be.
Oh, my dear Orlando, it pains me to see you wearing your heart in a sling.
It's my arm, not my heart.
But I thought your heart had been wounded by the claws of a lion.
It is wounded, but not by a lion by the eyes of a lady.
Did your brother tell you how well I pretended to faint when he showed me your handkerchief?
Yes, and also things more amazing than that.
Oh, I know what you mean.
It's true.
It was as sudden as two rams fighting, or Caesar boasting "I came, I saw, I conquered.  "
They'll be married tomorrow, and I'll invite the duke to the wedding.
But, oh, it's bitter to look at happiness through another man's eyes.
Well then, can't I play Rosalind for you tomorrow?
I can't live in this fantasy anymore.
I won't weary you with idle talk then.
You should know and now I'm speaking sincerely that I know you are an intelligent gentleman.
I'm not saying this so you'll have a good opinion of my knowledge, as I say I "know" you're intelligent.
I'm not trying to increase my reputation either I only hope you might have some confidence in my ability to do something good for you.
I'm not trying to bring favor on myself.
Is what you're saying serious?
I swear on my life, which I value dearly, even though I said I'm a magician.
Boy, you were very rude to me when you showed off the letter I wrote to you.
I don't care if I was.
I am purposefully being contemptuous and rude to you.
You are followed by a faithful shepherd even now.
Look at him, and love him!
Good shepherd, tell this youth what it is to be in love.
It is to be filled with sighs and tears, as I am for Phoebe.
And as I am for Ganymede.
And as I am for Rosalind.
And as I am for no woman.
It is to be filled with faithfulness and servitude, as I am for Phoebe.
And as I am for Ganymede.
And as I am for Rosalind.
And as I am for no woman.
And as I am for Ganymede.
And as I am for Rosalind.
And as I am for no woman.
If all this is true, then why do you blame me for loving you?
And why do you blame me for loving you?
And why do you blame me for loving you?
Who are you speaking to, Orlando?
To the woman who isn't here, and doesn't hear me.
Please, no more of this.
You're like a pack of wolves howling passionately at the moon.
I will help you, if I can.
I would love you, if I could.
All of you, meet me tomorrow.
If I'm going to ever marry a woman, it will be you and I'm getting married tomorrow.
If I'm ever going to satisfy a man, I'll satisfy you, and you'll be married tomorrow too.
I'll make you happy, if the thing you desire will make you happy, and you too will be married tomorrow.
By your love for Rosalind, come tomorrow.
By your love for Phoebe, come tomorrow.
And by my love for no woman, I'll meet you all here tomorrow too.
So farewell.
You know what I want you to do.
If I'm alive, I won't miss it.
Me neither.
Me neither.
Tomorrow is the joyful day, Audrey.
Tomorrow we'll be married.
I desire it with all my heart, and I hope it isn't immodest of me to desire to be a married, worldly woman.
Nice to see you, honest gentleman.
Truly, it is good to see you.
Come sit, sit, and sing a song.
We're here to serve you.
Sit between us.
Should we jump right into it, without all that hawking and spitting and saying that we're hoarse which are only excuses for bad singers?
Yes, yes, and let's sing in unison, like two gypsies riding one horse.
Truly, young gentleman, though there wasn't much to the song, the music was still very off key.
You're wrong, sir.
We kept the song's time.
We didn't lose our rhythm.
Truly, yes.
But I consider it lost time when I must hear such a foolish song.
God be with you, and may he fix your voices too.
Come, Audrey.
Orlando, do you really believe that this boy can do all that he's promised?
Be patient while our contract is proclaimed.
You say that if I bring your daughter Rosalind here, you will give her to Orlando to be married?
I will, even if I had to give kingdoms along with her.
And you say that you will marry her when I bring her here?
I will, even if I were already the king of all kingdoms.
You say you'll marry me if I'm willing to marry you?
I will, even if I should die the following hour.
But if you refuse to marry me, you'll marry this faithful shepherd instead?
That's our bargain.
And you say that you'll marry Phoebe if she is willing?
Even if marrying her meant death for me.
I have promised to make everything clear.
This shepherd boy's appearance reminds me of my daughter.
My lord, the first time I saw him I thought he was your daughter's brother.
But, my good lord, this boy was born in the forest and has been taught some dangerous magic by his uncle, whom he says is a great magician living hidden within the boundaries of this forest.
There must be another flood on its way, with all these couples coming two by two to Noah's ark.
Here comes a pair of very strange beasts, which are called "fools" in every language.
Hello and greetings to you all.
My good lord, welcome him.
This is the jester gentleman I have met so often in the forest.
He swears he used to be a courtier.
If any man doubts that, let him put me on trial.
I have danced a step.
I have flattered a lady.
I have been polite with my friends, and cunning with my enemy.
I have ruined three tailors.
I have had four quarrels, and almost had one fight.
And how was that one fight settled?
Well, we met and then found that the quarrel had reached the seventh cause.
What is the "seventh cause?"
I like him very well.
God bless you, sir.
I wish the same compliment for you.
Sir, I have pushed my way in here, among the rest of these country lovers, to be properly married, with binding vows to restrain erupting passion.
This poor virgin isn't a pretty thing, sir, but she's mine.
It's a strange tendency of mine, sir, to take the thing that no one else wants.
I say, he's very quick witted and full of pithy sayings.
But back to the "seventh cause.  "
How did you find that your quarrel had reached the "seventh cause?"
The argument went through seven stages.
a certain courtier’s beard.
And how many times did you say that his beard wasn't cut well?
Can you name those stages of an argument again, in order?
Oh sir, we quarrel according to the rulebooks, just as you have rulebooks for good manners.
Isn't this a remarkable fellow, my lord?
He's as smart as anything, and yet also a fool.
He uses his foolishness to disguise himself while he hunts with the arrows of his wit.
There is joy in heaven when earthly affairs are set right, and people are brought together.
Good duke, receive your daughter.
Hymen brought her from heaven  yes, brought her here, that you might join her hand with that of the man whose heart resides within your daughter's chest.
I give myself to you, for I am yours.
I give myself to you, for I am yours.
If my eyes do not deceive me, you are my daughter.
If my eyes do not deceive me, you are my Rosalind.
If my eyes and your womanly shape aren't deceiving me, why then, farewell to my love.
If you won't be my father, then I'll have no father.
Quiet now!
I will clear up the confusion.
I am the one who must bring the conclusion to these strange events.
Oh, my dear niece, you are welcome here, as welcome as if you were my own daughter.
I won't break my promise.
Let me have your attention for a word or two.
I am old Sir Rowland's middle son, and I come bringing news to this fine assembly.
Welcome, young man.
You bring rich gifts to your brothers' wedding: to Oliver you bring his confiscated lands, and to Orlando you give a future dukedom, as he will inherit my lands.
Sir, with your permission: did I hear you correctly that the duke has given up the rich and glamorous life at court and become a religious hermit?
Yes, he has.
Then I will go to him.
There is much to be heard and learned from such converts.
I leave you with all your former honor; you deserve it for your patience and virtue.
To you I leave the love that your faithfulness deserves.
To you I leave your land, your love, and great allies.
To you I leave a well deserved marriage bed after a long wait.
Stay, Jaques, stay.
This isn't relaxing or fun for me.
I'll wait for you in your old cave if you need something from me.
Carry on, carry on.
We'll begin these wedding ceremonies the way we hope they'll end in true delight.
You don't usually see the actor playing the heroine deliver the epilogue, but it's not uglier than seeing the hero deliver the prologue.
Before we go on, hear me out.
Go ahead.
You are all committed to fight to the death rather than die by starvation?
Yes, we're committed.
First, you know Caius Marcius is the people's greatest enemy.
We know it!
Let's kill him and sell corn at a price we can decide.
Do we have an agreement?
Enough talk; let it be done: let's go!
Hold on: listen, good citizens.
Should we focus our revenge on Caius Marcius?
Yes, him first: he's terrible to the common people.
What about all he's done for this country?
It's all well and good, and he ought to be satisfied with our admiration, but instead he rubs it in our faces.
Come on, don't speak rudely of him.
You're condemning him for being who he is.
You can't say he's greedy, after all.
If he's not greedy, he's horrible in a hundred other ways; we'd grow exhausted listing all his faults.
Where is that shouting from?
Other parts of the city are in revolt already.
Why are we standing here chattering?
Come, come!
Wait!
Who is that?
Honorable Menenius Agrippa; a man who has always had the common people's interests in mind.
He's an honest politician: if only the others were!
What are you about to do, fellow citizens?
Where are you going with these bats and clubs?
What's going on?
Please, tell me.
The senate is well aware of our business; they've known for a month what we intend to do, and we'll show them now we meant it.
Sirs, good friends, honest neighbors, why?
That would be pointless, sir, we're already dying.
I tell you, friends, the senators care deeply about all of you.
Care for us!
Yeah, right!
Either you have to admit you're awfully cruel, or I must simply say you're wrong.
Well, sir?
Sir, I shall tell you.
Well?
What did your belly answer?
The majestic head, the careful eye, the wise heart, the strong arm, the swift leg, the tongue which speaks.
With other bits and minor assistants in this our skin, if they
What, then?
You want to interrupt me and tell your own story?
What then?
What then?
If all those hard working body parts are dragged down by the greedy belly, that garbage pit of the body
Well, what then?
If those other parts did complain, what could the belly possibly say in its defense?
I'll tell you, if you can give me just a little bit of patience and I know you don't have much you'll hear the belly's answer.
You're taking long enough.
Sure, sir; go on.
"Though you can't all see that I am giving out to you, I can tally it up and show you that you are getting the best, while I'm keeping just the leftovers for myself.  "
What do you say to all that?
It was an answer, I guess, but what are you trying to say?
Why am I the big toe?
Welcome, honorable Marcius!
Thanks.
What's the matter, you rebellious good for  nothings, that, on the whim of your opinions, become troublemakers like this?
You always have the nicest things to say about us.
Anyone who would compliment you would flatter you terribly.
What do you want, you dogs, that like neither peace nor war?
War scares you, peace makes you too confident in yourselves.
They're asking to buy corn at a price they would determine.
Oh, let them go hang themselves!
They say?
They've all dispersed: hang 'em!
What option were they given?
This is strange.
Go, get out of here, you rabble rousers!
Where's Caius Marcius?
I'm here, what's the matter?
The news is, sir, that the Volsces are preparing to attack us.
Marcius, what you warned us about recently has come true: it looks like the Volsces are getting ready to attack.
They have a leader, Tullus Aufidius, that will really give you a hard time.
I know I shouldn't, but I admire his strength; if I had to be anyone but myself, I would wish to be him .
So you've fought him before?
Then, worthy Marcius, go with Cominius to war.
It is what you promised before.
Sir, it is; and I will not break my promise.
Titus Lartius, you'll see me fight with Tullus once again.
What's wrong, are you dead?
Are you upset?
No, Caius Marcius; I'll lean upon one crutch and fight with the other, rather than stay behind while you are fighting.
Oh, you pure bred Roman!
Come with me to the Capitol, where, I know, our best friends are waiting for us.
Take us there.
Follow Cominius, and we must follow you, who most deserve to lead us.
Noble Marcius!
Get to your homes; be gone!
Has there ever been anyone as arrogant as Marcius?
No, he has no equal.
When we were chosen as representatives for the people
Did you see his expressions?
No, but I heard him taunt us.
When he's angry, he would taunt the gods themselves.
He'd mock the moon.
The wars have completely ruined him: he's become too proud to be so brave.
Right and then if things go well, Marcius will get all the credit Cominius deserves.
Lets go and hear how things are announced, and how beyond just his strangeness he takes action.
Let's go.
So, Aufidius you think that the Romans have spies among us, and know what we're going to do?
Don't you?
When have we ever even thought of doing something that Rome didn't attempt to counter before we had the chance to even get started?
Less than four days ago, I heard from Rome this is what they said I have the letter here somewhere .
We've never yet sent out an army unless we were ready to have Rome fight with us.
But at the same time, you've never thought it was a mistake to hide your warlike aims until the last possible second.
This time, Rome seems to have known from the start, so that our initial plan to conquer towns secretly, without Rome getting word has been ruined.
Oh, don't doubt for a minute that they plan to besiege Corioli.
I am certain of it; some of their forces are headed this way already.
I will leave you, sirs.
May the gods assist you!
May they keep you safe, sirs!
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
But what if he had died in that war; how would you have felt then?
Then the news of his bravery would have taken his place.
Listen; I'm being serious: if I had a dozen sons, each of them loved as much as I love our Marcius, I would rather have eleven die nobly for their country than one to die lazy and indulgent, doing nothing for the good of anyone.
Madam, the Lady Valeria has arrived to visit you.
Please excuse me; let me go and rest in my room.
No, you may not.
His bloody brow!
By the gods, no blood!
Get away, you fool!
Heaven protect my husband from the deadly Aufidius!
He'll crush Aufidius's head beneath his knee and stomp on his neck.
My ladies, hello to you both.
Sweet lady.
I am glad to see you, ma'am.
How are you?
You are such perfect house wives.
What are you sewing?
That's a great pattern, seriously.
How is your little boy?
Thank you, ma'am.
He would rather play with swords and hear a war drum than study.
Oh, my word , just like his father!
He is moody and abrupt, just like his father.
Indeed, it's true: he's a magnificent child.
A good egg , ma'am.
Come on, enough sewing; why don't you spend the afternoon with me?
No, ma'am; I can't go out.
You can't go out?
Oh, she'll go, she'll go.
Ugh, you're holding yourself down for no good reason: come on, go spend the afternoon with our pregnant friend.
I wish her the best, and please send her my prayers, but I simply can't go.
Why not?
It's not that I'm lazy, nor that I don't love her.
No, ma'am, pardon me; I truly will not go.
O, ma'am, there can't possibly be news yet.
Seriously, I'm not kidding; news from him came in just last night.
Really?
Yes, it's really true; I heard a senator share the news.
Yes, I think she really would.
Farewell, then.
Come, my good friend.
In a word, no.
I just can't.
Well, then, farewell.
Here comes some news.
I bet our other force has begun to fight the Volsces.
I bet my horse against yours they haven't.
Done.
Agreed.
Hey, has our general started fighting?
The two forces have seen each other, but haven't begun fighting yet.
So, the good horse is mine.
I'll just buy him back.
No, I won't sell him or give him to you; I'll lend him to you for fifty years, though.
How far away are their armies?
No more than a mile and a half.
Then we'll hear their trumpets, and they'll hear ours.
Is Tullus Aufidius in the city?
No, nor anyone less afraid of you than he is, which is very little.
Listen!
Our drums are calling for our strong young men.
Listen!
Hear that?
That's Aufidius; listen he's killing everyone in your divided army.
Oh, they are fighting!
Their trumpets might as well be ours, too!
Put ladders to the wall!
They aren't afraid of us; instead, they're attacking.
Put your shields in front of your hearts, and fight with hearts stronger than those shields.
May all the diseases of the south wind poison you, you shames of Rome!
That's foolish; I'm not going in.
Me neither.
See, they have trapped him inside.
He's doomed, I'm sure.
What's happened to Marcius?
He's been killed sir, surely.
Oh, that brave man!
Look, sir.
Oh my god, it's Marcius!
Lets rescue him, or we'll find ourselves bleeding like he is.
I'll take this back to Rome.
And I'll take this.
Oh, curse this!
I thought this was silver.
Look at these layabouts, who have no concern for all the time they waste!
Cushions, lead spoons, third rate swords, shirts that no one would ever want these losers are plundering all of this junk before the fight is even over!
To hell with them!
But listen, that's Cominius's trumpet!
May Lady Luck go with you, and may she turn away the swords of your enemies!
Brave soldier, may prosperity walk beside you!
As much prosperity as anyone has ever won!
So, goodbye.
That brave Marcius.
Go, blow your trumpets in the center of the city, and call its leaders together so they can hear what we have to say.
What news do you have?
If you're telling the truth, it's a truth I don't much like.
How long ago was this?
More than an hour, sir.
Who's that coming this way, covered in wounds?
Oh my god, it must be Marcius; I've seen him like this before.
Am I too late?
As the shepherd can distinguish between a tambourine and thunder, I can tell that is the sound of Marcius's voice rather than any lesser man.
Am I too late?
Oh, let me wrap my arms around you like I would around a lover; I'm as happy as I was the day I was married, when the candles had burned low.
Where is that lowly messenger who told me that your force had been beaten to your trenches?
Where is he?
Get him over here.
So then how did you win?
Do we have time for an idle story?
I don't think so.
Where is the enemy?
Have you won already?
If not, why waste time until you have?
Marcius, we've been fighting outnumbered, and we're regrouping now to make another go of it.
How are they organized?
Do you know where they've placed their best soldiers?
As far as I can tell, Marcius, the men in the front are the Antiates, their best soldiers.
The best soldiers are the boldest.
If anyone here dare I even doubt it loves the painting in which you see me smeared ; if anyone fears death less than shame; if anyone thinks a brave death is better than a fearful life, and that cares more for his country than his life; let that man, or however many like that are here, raise your arms to show your commitment, and follow me!
Oh, just me then!
Make you a sword of me?
If your enthusiasm reflects your actual boldness, each of you is worth four of the Volsces!
Don't worry about us, sir.
Trumpeting is heard as in battle.
MARCIUS and AUFIDIUS enter from opposite sides.
I'll fight with no one but you, for I hate you worse than a promise breaker .
I hate you just as much: there's not a snake in all of Africa I hate more than you and your fame.
Stand and fight!
Let the first man to budge die as the other's slave, and the gods doom him!
If I run, Marcius, lasso me like a hare.
Even if you were Hector , the whip of your ancestors, you wouldn't escape me here.
Oh, general, here is the one who carried the fight; we're just his ornaments.
Please, no more: even my own mother, who has more right to praise me than anyone else, grieves me when she does.
I have some wounds upon me, and they hurt when I'm reminded of them.
If they didn't, they might as well infect themselves against ingratitude and welcome death.
May these very trumpets, which you misuse by praising me, never blow again!
When drums and trumpets are used for flattery at war, courts and cities will be home to calm deceit!
Caius Marcius Coriolanus!
I will go wash, and when my face is clean, you will all see whether I blush or not.
So, to our tent, where before we rest, we will write to Rome of our success.
I will, my lord.
O, well begged!
Were he to murder my own son, he would be free as the wind.
Free him, Titus.
Marcius, what's his name?
By god!
I've forgotten.
I am tired; even my memory is tired.
Don't we have any wine?
The town has been captured!
Surrender!
I wish I were a Roman, because I cannot be a Volscian if men like you, talking of surrender, are Volscians.
Surrender?
What good terms can we get from a treaty when we are the ones who have lost?
He's the devil.
Bolder than the devil, though not as clever.
Won't you go?
I shall, sir.
The prophet tells me we will get news tonight.
Good or bad?
Well, not the good news the people are praying for, since they don't like Marcius.
Nature teaches beasts to know their friends.
Tell me then, who does the wolf love?
The lamb.
Right to devour him: as the hungry people would like to devour noble Marcius.
If he's a lamb, he's one that baas like a bear.
He's a bear that lives like a lamb.
You two are old men; answer me one question.
Go ahead, sir.
What small flaw does Marcius have that you two do not have twice over?
It's not that he has one fault, but all of them.
He has pride, especially.
And his boasting is worse than all his other flaws.
Well that's weird: do you two know how you are thought of in the city, I mean by those of us in the higher class?
Do you?
Why, what do they say about us?
Because you're talking of pride, now you won't be angry if I tell you, will you?
Come on, sir, come on.
We're not the only ones who do, sir.
What would we see, sir?
Why, you would find a couple of unworthy, proud, violent, grumpy middle managers  that is, fools as bad as anyone in Rome.
Menenius, there's plenty said about you too.
I am known to be a light hearted politician a man who loves a mulled wine with not a drop of water in it; said to be a bit imperfect in taking the first side I hear presented; I can be hasty over small things; I stay up too late and sleep in too long; I say what I think and hold back no mean words.
Come, sir, come, we know you well enough.
You don't know me; you don't know anything!
You are in politics simply so men will bow to you; you will waste a whole morning listening to a dispute between a fruit seller and a liquor man, and then call that minor dispute back for another wasted day.
Our very priests must start to mock, if they encounter men as ridiculous as you.
How are you, my ladies, as beautiful as you are noble the moon set down on Earth would be no nobler what are you looking for so urgently?
Honorable Menenius, my son Marcius is coming into Rome; for the love of God, let's go meet him!
What?
Marcius is coming home?
Yes, worthy Menenius; and with most incredible praise!
Take my cap, great gods, and praise be!
Hoo!
Marcius coming home!
It's true.
I will make such a celebration that my very house will reel tonight: a letter for me!
Yes, there's certainly a letter for you: I saw it.
A letter for me!
Oh, no, no, no.
Yes, he is wounded, thank the gods.
So long as he is not too wounded; he brings a victory with him?
If so, the wounds suit him.
Has he beaten Aufidius thoroughly?
Titus Lartius writes that they fought together, but Aufidius escaped.
Good ladies, let's go.
Yes, yes, yes, the senate has letters from the general in which he honors my son with the name of the whole war: my son has outdone himself this time.
Honestly; they are saying wonderful things about him that are almost hard to believe.
Hard to believe!
Yes, I bet, but not without him really doing these things.
May the gods make these reports true!
True, pfff.
True!
I'd bet my life they're true.
Where is he wounded?
God save both of you!
Marcius is coming home with even more reason to be proud!
Where is he wounded?
In the shoulder and in his left arm there will be large scars to show the people when he stands before them.
In addition, he has seven other scars from the siege of Tarquin.
Also, he has one in the neck and two in the thigh there are nine scars I know of.
He had, before this last battle, twenty five wounds on him.
Now it's twenty seven, and every gash was an enemy's grave.
Listen!
The trumpets!
Welcome to Rome, famed Coriolanus!
No more of this; I am embarrassed by all this.
Look, sir, your mother!
Oh, you have, I know, prayed to all the gods for my success!
My gracious silence , greetings!
You are crying over my victory; would you have laughed if I came home in a coffin?
Oh, my dear, the widows in Corioli have eyes like yours, eyes like mothers who lack sons.
Now, the gods crown you!
Oh my sweet lady, forgive me.
I don't know where to turn; oh, welcome home, and welcome general, welcome all!
A hundred thousand welcomes.
I could weep and I could laugh, I am light and heavy hearted.
Welcome.
Curse anyone who is not glad to see you!
You are three men that Rome should honor; yet, by the nature of men, we have some old grumps here at home that will not be join in our celebration.
As we should.
As we should, Menenius, as we should.
Clear a way for them!
Know, good mother, I had rather serve Rome my way than rule Rome in theirs.
Let's go, to the Capitol!
All of a sudden, I can believe he might become consul .
If he gains power, we may lose all our authority.
But he cannot possibly maintain his cool throughout the nomination process for consul, and so he will lose whatever praise he's won.
In that there's comfort.
I heard him swear that were he to be nominated as consul he would never appear in the market, nor ever lower himself to be humble; nor would he show his wounds to the people to beg for their approval.
That's right.
That's what he said, anyway that he would rather not be consul if it required him to do anything but appeal to the gentry and the desires of the nobles.
I want nothing more than for him to remain committed to that.
It's likely that he will.
That impulse will surely destroy him, as will our good wills .
So he'll be destroyed either by himself or by us.
What's the matter?
Someone in the Capitol has sent for you.
Let's go to the Capitol, and though we might act attentive to what's going on, keep our hearts set on our plan to ruin him.
I'm with you.
Come, come, they are almost here.
How many are up for the consulship?
Three, they say, but everyone thinks Coriolanus will win it.
He's an extraordinary fellow, but he's also so proud, and doesn't love the common people.
If he didn't care whether they loved him or not, he'd be indifferent to them, but that's not what he does; instead, he seems to seek their hate with greater devotion than he can possibly win it, and does everything he can to show how he is different from them.
No more of him; he is an admirable man: make way, they are coming.
We are brought together on a happy occasion, and our hearts are ready to honor and continue the theme of this discussion.
Which we'll be better prepared to do if Coriolanus would acknowledge that the common people are better than he's been saying they are.
Lay off, lay off; I wish you had kept silent.
Please, let's hear Cominius speak.
Of course, but my hesitation is worth more than to be brushed away by you.
He loves your people, but don't tie him down to be their lover.
Worthy Cominius, speak.
No, stay where you are.
Sit, Coriolanus, don't be ashamed to hear about your noble deeds.
Sir, I hope my words didn't upset you.
No, sir, although often when I had rather take action, people want to talk.
You did not belittle me, therefore you haven't hurt me.
Please, sit down.
I'd rather sit ignorantly in the sun while the city is attacked than sit here and hear my minor actions twisted into marvelous deeds.
I will barely be able to tell what he has done.
Excellent man!
We must measure our honors to fit his deeds.
He is truly noble.
Call Coriolanus.
He doth appear.
Nothing has changed: I owe them, as always, my life and service.
Then the only thing left is that you speak to the people.
Sir, the people must have their say; they will not miss even a moment of ceremony.
It is a part that I will blush to act, and I don't really need to do it.
Hear that?
To brag to them, "I did this, and this," showing them old scars which I should hide, as though I had received those scars only in order to get their votes!
Don't let this one thing bother you.
Tribunes of the people, present our purpose to them, and to our noble consul, we wish you joy and honor.
To Coriolanus, all joy and honor!
You see how he intends to treat the people.
May they see it too!
He will ask for their favor as though scornful that they could ever give him anything.
In short, if he needs us to vouch for him, we shouldn't deny him.
We may, if we want to.
We have the authority to do it, but it is a power that is not ours to wield alone.
You think so?
Which way do you think my thoughts would fly?
Why that way?
To lose themselves in a fog, where most of them would melt away with plague, and only a fourth would return for conscience's sake to help you get a wife.
You're never without these jokes go on, then.
Are you all ready to vote on Coriolanus?
But that's no matter, the majority is obvious.
As far as I'm concerned, if Coriolanus would simply acknowledge the people, there would be no better choice for consul.
Here he comes in the gown of humility ; look at how he behaves.
In this ceremony, we're supposed to approach him where he stands, in groups of two or three.
We agree.
Oh, sir, you're not right: don't you know that the worthiest men have done this?
What am I going to say?
"I beg you, sir" to hell with it!
I cannot bring myself to say this kind of thing: "Look sir, my wounds!
I got them in the service of my country, when people like you cried and ran away from the sound of our own drums.  "
Oh my god, you can't say that.
You need to convince them to consider you.
Consider me?
Damn them!
I wish they would forget me, like they forget every virtue we try to teach them.
I'll tell them to wash their faces and keep their teeth clean.
So, here comes a pair.
You know the reason, sir, I am standing here.
We do, sir, but please tell us yourself what's brought you here.
That which I deserve.
That which you deserve?
Yes, but not that which I desire.
How is it not what you desire?
No, sir, I've never wanted to trouble the poor by begging.
You must know that we will only give you anything if we have something to gain by you.
Well then, tell me, what's the price of consulship?
The price is simply to ask it kindly.
Kindly!
You shall have it, worthy sir.
Fair enough, sir.
So that's two worthy voices begged, then.
I am in your debt; good bye.
This sure is bizarre.
If I could do it over but forget it.
On one hand, you have been noble for you country, but you have also not been noble.
What do you mean?
You have been a torment to Rome's enemies and made trouble for her friends; but you have not loved the common people.
You should think of me as more virtuous for not giving out my love to just anyone.
We hope you'll be our friend, and give you our votes gladly with that in mind.
You have received many wounds for your country.
I will not confirm your knowledge by displaying them.
I am already making much of your votes, and do not want to trouble you further.
The gods give you joy, sir, great joy!
These sweet voices!
It is better to die, better to starve, than to crave to get what we already deserve.
Why must I stand here in this wooly, ratty toga, to beg of Hob and Dick , or whoever shows up, their meaningless favor?
Here come more voices .
Your voices: for your voices I have fought; stood guard over Rome for your voices; for your voices I've been wounded two dozen times or more; three times six battles I have seen and heard; for your voices I have done many things some less, some more.
He has done nobly, and should not be denied the vote of any honest man.
Amen, amen.
God save you, noble consul!
Worthy voices!
You have done this as long as you need to, and the tribunes approve that you have the voice of the people.
So it's over?
Where?
In the senate?
Yes, Coriolanus.
May I change these garments?
You may, sir.
Then I'll do that right away, and once I recognize myself again, will head to the senate.
I'll keep you company.
Will you come along?
We stay here for the people.
Good bye.
That's that it looks to me like he found all of this heart  warming.
He wore his humble robes with a proud heart.
Will you dismiss the people?
What's the deal, friends?
Have you chosen that man?
He has our voices, sir.
We pray to the gods he may deserve the love you give him.
Amen sir: it seemed to me, though I'm unworthy, that he mocked us when he begged for our voices.
Certainly.
No, that's just how he talks; he did not mock us.
Why, surely he did.
No, no, no one saw them.
You were either ignorant of it or, seeing it, why were you so childishly friendly?
Have you ever before denied someone who asked?
And now, even of one who mocked instead of asking, you still bestow whatever he requests?
He's not confirmed; we could still deny him.
I'll have double five hundred, and their friends alongside!
Then leave, instantly, and tell those friends that they have approved a consul who will take their freedoms, a man who will care less about what they have to say than about dogs beaten for barking dogs kept just to be beaten.
Say you chose him more because we commanded it than out of your own true feelings, and that your minds, preoccupied with what you had to do rather than what you should do made you go against yourselves to name him consul.
Right, don't leave us out of it.
Say we lectured you.
We will do just that.
So Tullus Aufidius had assembled a new army?
He had, my lord, which was what urged us to make our peace so quickly.
So then the Volsces are back to where they started: ready, whenever the time comes, to attack us again.
They are so worn out, lord consul, that I can't imagine we'll see them wave their banners again in our lifetimes.
Did you see Aufidius?
Did he speak of me?
He did, my lord.
How?
What?
How he had often met you in battle, sword to sword; that of all things on earth he hated you most; that he would give anything he owned, hopelessly, to be known as the one who defeated you.
And he lives at Antium?
At Antium.
I wish I had a reason to seek him out there, and to oppose his hatred fully .
Welcome back.
Stop here.
What?
What is that?
It will be dangerous to go on: no further.
Why, what's changed?
What's the matter?
Hasn't Coriolanus won the approval of nobles and commoners alike?
No, Cominius.
Were the people back there children, then, whose voices don't count?
Move, tribunes: Coriolanus will go to the marketplace.
The people are furious with him.
Stop here, or everything will go to pieces.
These furious people, did you herd them together?
Do we listen to these voices, which only now are gotten together and make declarations on command?
What is your role in this?
If you are their spokesmen, why don't you control their impulses?
Isn't it you who have put them up to this?
Be calm, be calm.
Why, this is old news.
Not to them all.
Oh, so you've informed them then?
Who, me?
I inform them?
You are the sort of person who would.
I'm not unlike you, but that I'm better in every way.
Why then should I be consul?
By heaven, let me be as lowly as you and just be a tribune instead.
Let's be calm.
The people are abused; they've been put up to this.
This backstabbing does not suit Rome, nor has Coriolanus deserved this dishonorable treatment, laid against his clear merit.
Corn again?
Tell me about it.
Not now, not now.
Not in this conflict, sir, not now.
Now.
Fine, enough.
No more words, we beg you.
Oh!
No more?
You speak of the people as if you were a vengeful god, not a mortal man like them.
We'd better let the people know.
Know what his fury?
Fury?
If I were as patient as a man asleep, by god, it would still be in my mind!
It is a mind that shall remain poisonous, but which we will not allow to poison others.
Shall remain!
Do you hear this god of the minnows?
Did you hear him declare "shall?"
It was out of line.
"Shall!  "
Oh good but unwise senators!
Well, let's go to the market then.
Whoever gave that advice, to give out the storehouse's corn for free, as they did sometimes in Greece
Come on, come on, enough of that.
There in Greece, where the people had more power, they grew disobedient and brought on the ruin of the state.
I'll give my reasons, far better than their voices.
Come on, enough.
Enough, and more than enough.
He's said enough.
He has spoken like a traitor, and shall answer as traitors do.
You wretch; misery o'erwhelm you!
What should the people do with these shameless tribunes?
That, right there that's treason!
Is this the behavior of a consul?
No.
Soldiers, seize him!
Let him be taken away.
Get out of here, you old fart!
Hands off, old man!
Citizens, help me!
All of you, calm down!
Here's the man who would take all your power!
Seize him, guards!
Down with him, down with him!
Weapons, weapons, weapons!
Tribunes, patricians, citizens, what are you doing!
Sicinius, Brutus, Coriolanus, citizens!
Peace, peace, peace!
Stop it!
What is going on?
I am out of breath, this is near a riot; I am not loud enough.
You, tribunes to the people!
Coriolanus, patience!
Speak, good Sicinius.
Hear me, people; calm down!
Let's hear our tribune.
No, no, no!
This the way to start a fire, not to put one out.
The way to unbuild the city and flatten it.
What is the city if not the people?
True, the people are the city
By the republic's agreement, we were made the people's representatives.
You still are!
And you will continue to be.
That is the way to flatten the city, to bring the roof crashing down and to bury us all in heaps and piles of ruin.
He deserves to be executed.
Either let us stand up with our authority or we'll lose it.
We hereby pronounce, by the power of the people by whom we were elected, that Marcius deserves to be executed.
Therefore grab him, and take him to the Tarpeian rock, and there throw him to his death.
Guards, seize him!
Give yourself up, Marcius!
Just listen, tribunes, I beg you, listen!
Peace, peace!
Be what you say you are truly your country's friend and proceed reasonably with this, rather than violently.
Sir: that slow actions which might seem reasonable are actually poisonous when things are bad enough.
Lay hands upon him, and take him to the rock.
No, I'll die here.
Put your sword away!
Tribunes, just lay off a while.
Capture him.
All of you who are noble, help Marcius!
Down with him, down with him!
Go, go to your house, be gone, go away!
We'll lose everything if we can't get rid of them.
Get out of here!
Is our situation so dire that we should count our friends?
God forbid!
Please, noble friend, get home to your house; leave us to fix this.
This is our problem; you can't cure your own disease.
Come, sir, come along with us.
I wish they were barbarians I mean, they are barbarians, just scattered through Rome not Romans no, they're not Romans, though born like animals on the steps of the capital
Go, don't talk about how angry you are; we'll deal with this on another occasion.
I could beat forty of them in a fair fight.
No, come on; let's go.
This man has ruined himself.
That sounds promising!
I wish they'd sleep this off!
I wish they were underwater!
What a roar from them.
Couldn't Coriolanus just be polite?
Where is that viper who wants everyone in the city either dead or like himself?
My dear tribunes
He will know that the tribunes are the people's mouths, and we their hands.
He will, that's for sure.
Sir, sir
Silence!
Do not let loose entirely, when you should still restrain yourselves.
Sir, how is it that you hope to rescue this situation?
Listen: just as I know the consul's worthiness, I'm well aware of his flaws.
Consul!
What consul?
The consul Coriolanus.
Him?
No, no, no, no, no.
If you, tribunes, and you, good people, will simply allow me to speak, I only need a moment or two; my words will do far less harm to you than that which you already pursue.
He's a diseased limb that must be cut off.
What twisted logic.
The use of a diseased food is not judged equal to what it was in the past.
We'll hear no more.
Chase him to his house, and pull him out of it, or his infection will spread further.
One more word, one word.
This wild and hasty rage will prove dangerous, and when it does, it will be too late to slow down.
Slow down while you still can, or an opposing side will break out into conflict, and it will be Romans pillaging Rome.
So what?
What are you talking about?
Haven't we felt his wrath already?
Our guards attacked, and us resisting?
Come on.
Just consider: he has been a child of war since he was old enough to draw a sword, and is poorly schooled in polite language.
Noble Menenius, you will then act as the people's representative.
Sirs, lay down your weapons.
But don't go home.
Meet in the market.
I'll bring him to you.
Please, come with me.
Coriolanus must come, or things will only get worse.
Yes, let's go.
In doing so, you are honorable.
I'm talking about you: why did you urge me to calm down?
Would you have me be someone I'm not?
Rather say I play the man I am.
Oh, sir, sir, sir, I wish you'd actually gotten power before you'd used it up.
Leave off.
To hell with them.
Yeah, and let them burn, too.
Come on, you have been too rude to them, far too rude; you have to go back and apologize.
There's no use; except that if he doesn't, our city will divide itself in half and be destroyed.
Please, listen: although my heart is not as strong as yours, I have a brain to guide my fury into better advantages for us.
Well said, noble woman.
Before Coriolanus should bow to the crowd which he should never do unless these violent times absolutely required it I feel as though I should put my armor on, which pains me.
What must I do?
Return to the tribunes.
Well, what then?
What then?
Apologize for what you've said.
To them?
I cannot apologize to the gods, and you want me to apologize to them?
Nonsense!
She makes a good point.
Why are you forcing this point?
Noble lady!
Please now, go and be humble, although I know you'd rather follow an enemy into hell than flatter him in a garden.
Here comes Cominius.
I've been in the market, sir, and you'd better go either with a strong guard or defend yourself by calmness or by not going at all: they're pretty angry.
Just be polite.
I think that would work, if he could actually do it.
I have to go bare my uncovered head to them?
I have to put a lie upon my conscience?
Come, come, we'll help you.
Please, sweet son, as you have said my praise was what made you a soldier, have my praise for this too and perform a part you've not played before.
Well, I guess I have to do it.
Farewell, my self, and let me take on prostitute like spirit!
Go ahead.
Go!
Like you said, "gently.  "
Sure, but gently.
Whatever, gently then.
Gently!
Well, is he coming?
He's coming.
Who accompanies him?
Just old Menenius, and the senators who've always been on his side.
Do you have a list of all the votes we've gotten?
I do, it's ready.
And you've organized them by group?
I have.
I'll inform them.
And when they've begun to shout, make sure they don't stop; instead, make sure they wildly cheer whatever we happen to decide on.
Very well.
Make sure they're really ready when we give them the sign.
Go to it.
All right; here he comes.
Calmly, please.
Sure, like a stableboy, who will take any amount of abuse for a penny.
May the honored gods keep Rome safe, and positions of justice be held by worthy men!
May we all love one another!
Fill our temples with peaceful demonstrations and our streets with war!
Indeed, indeed.
A noble wish.
Come here, people.
Listen to your tribunes.
Attention: silence, I say!
First, hear me speak.
Sure, go ahead.
Silence, everyone.
Will this be my last trial?
Will everything come down to this?
I insist upon it, so long as you will submit to the people's vote, abide by their representatives, and are willing to deal with lawful condemnation for the verdict which is reached?
I am content with these terms.
Just scratches.
Good, good, enough.
How can it be that after I was voted in as consul with your full approval, I've fallen so far within an hour that you revoke your vote?
Answer to us.
Go on, then: it's true, I ought to answer to you.
We charge you with attempted tyranny, with the plan to take over all of Rome's offices, for which you are a traitor to the people.
What?
A traitor?
No, gently; you promised to respond gently.
The lowest circles of hell take in these people!
You're calling me their traitor?
You ruinous tribune!
Do you hear this, people?
To the rock , to the rock with him!
Silence!
But since he has served Rome well
What would you know of service?
I only speak of what I know.
You?
Is this the promise that you made your mother?
Listen, I beg you
Hear me, sirs, and my friends, the people
We get it; if you would say what?
It shall be so, it shall be so.
The people's enemy is gone; he's gone!
Our enemy is banished; he is gone, hooray!
Go, follow him out to the gates, and follow him, as he has followed you, with all your bitterness.
Give him the torment he deserves.
Come, lets follow him to the gates.
The gods preserve our noble tribunes!
Come.
Oh, heavens!
Oh, heavens!
Stop it, please woman
May the plague strike everyone in Rome, and all the workers perish!
Hear, hear, hear!
They'll miss me once I'm gone.
My first son.
Where will you go?
Take good Cominius with you for a while, and choose some course.
Oh, gods!
I'll travel behind you for a month and help you figure out where you can stay, so that you can hear of us and vice versa, so if by any chance this vote is reversed, we will not have to seek everywhere for a single man, and lose whatever advantage we would've had to find you when we most need you.
That's as good as we could ever ask.
Come on, let's not weep.
If were just seven years younger, by the good gods, I'd accompany you every step of the way.
Give me your hand; come.
Tell them all to head home.
He's gone, and we're done here.
Now that we've shown them how powerful we are, let's act humbler now that it's done than while we were doing it.
Dismiss them to their homes.
Here comes his mother.
Let's avoid her.
Why?
They say she's a madwoman.
Oh, am I glad to see you: may the great plagues of the gods return your love!
Quiet, quiet, don't be so loud.
If I just went and wept, you would still hear me and indeed, you will hear some weeping.
Will you get out of here?
You shall stay I wish I had the power to say so to my husband.
Are you women or animals?
Ugh, you fool is that a problem?
Look at this fool.
Wasn't my father a man?
Oh, dear god!
More noble blows than you've said wise words and for Rome's good.
What then?
What then!
He'd kill you and all your family.
Bastards, all of them.
Good man, the wounds that he bears for Rome's sake!
Come on, come on, calm down.
I wish Coriolanus had continued to serve his country the way he started, and not ruined himself.
I wish he had.
"I wish he had!  "
Please, lets go.
Now, please sir, get out of here.
Sure, sure; we'll leave.
Why should we stand here to be yelled at by a madwoman?
My prayers go with you.
I wish the gods had nothing else to do but curse them!
If I could meet them just once a day, it would clear my heart of all its baggage.
Anger's my meat; I feed upon myself, and so will starve.
Damn, damn, damn!
I know you well, sir, and you know me: your name, I think, is Adrian.
It is, sir.
I am a Roman, but I work as you do against Rome.
Nicanor?
No, it can't be you!
It is, sir.
You had more beard when I last saw you, but your voice does sound like Nicanor's.
What's the news in Rome?
I have a note for you from the Volscians; it's saved me a day's journey to meet you here.
There has been a strange insurrection in Rome: the people have risen up against the senators, patricians, and nobles.
Has been!
Is it over, then?
The Volscians wouldn't say so: they're preparing for war, and are hoping to catch Rome in the midst of this turmoil.
Coriolanus has been banished?
Banished, sir.
The Volscians will welcome you with this news, Nicanor.
Things are good for them for now.
I've heard it said that the best time to seduce a man's wife is when she and the husband are fighting.
Your noble Tullus Aufidius will do well in these wars now that Coriolanus, the only man strong enough to oppose him, can't be called upon by Rome.
He has no choice.
It is really lucky that I've encountered you like this; my business is over now, and I'll merrily accompany you home.
Between now and supper, I'll tell you some very strange things from Rome, all of which will be good for their enemies.
You have an army ready, you say?
I'm glad to hear they're ready, and I think my news will send them into action.
So, sir, it's great to meet you here, and I'm glad to have your company.
You've taken the words right out of my mouth, sir; I am the one who is glad of your company.
Well, let us go together.
This Antium place is not so bad.
God save you, sir.
And you.
Could you please direct me to where the great Aufidius stays?
He is, indeed, and is having a feast for nobles at his house tonight.
Please tell me, which is his house?
This one, right here.
Thank you, sir, good bye.
Oh, world, your unexpected twists and turns!
Wine, wine, wine!
They want so much!
It's like the other servants are asleep.
Where's Cotus?
My master is calling for him.
Cotus!
This place is great: the feast smells wonderful, but I'm not dressed to be a noble guest.
What do you need, friend?
Where did you come from?
You don't belong here; please leave.
I deserve no better welcome, being who I am.
Where did you come from, sir?
Does the doorman even have eyes in his head, if he's letting people like you in?
Please, get out.
You get out!
Away, get away!
Now you're being troublesome.
Are you really this bold?
I'll get someone to take care of you in a minute.
Who's this guy?
What are you doing here?
Please, get out of this house.
Just let me stand here; I won't get in your way.
What's your deal?
I am a gentleman.
An awfully poor one, then.
That's true enough, so I am.
Then please, poor gentleman, go interfere with some other house; this is no place for you.
Go do your thing, and batten on cold bits.
What, will you really not leave?
Go tell my master what a strange guest we have here.
And I shall.
Where do you live?
Under the stars.
Under the stars!
Yeah.
Where's that?
In the city of kites and crows.
In the city of kites and crows!
What an ass you are!
So you live with daws , too?
No, I don't serve your master.
What?!
Are you messing with my master?
Sure; it's more honest than screwing with your mistress.
You talk and talk; go do your job, go!
Where is this guy?
Where have you come from?
What do you want?
What's your name?
Why don't you speak?
Speak, man: what's your name?
What is your name?
A name unmusical to the Volscian's ears, and even worse to yours.
Tell me, what's your name?
You have a grim look, and a commanding face, though your clothes are torn.
You have the stature of a nobleman.
Prepare to frown you still don't recognize me?
I do not know you.
Oh Marcius, Marcius!
Every word you've spoken has pulled from my heart a root of ancient hatred.
You bless me, gods!
Well, that's quite a change!
And to think I would've hit him with a club; but it was because his clothes made him seem different than he is.
What an arm he has!
He turned me around with his finger and his thumb, like one would spin a top.
He had this sort of looking like this kill me, but I thought there was something more to him than met the eye.
I think he is, but we know of a greater soldier than him.
Who, my master Tullus Aufidius?
Definitely, there's no doubt about that.
He's worth six Coriolanuses.
Well, I wouldn't say that, but I do think he's the better soldier.
Listen, there's no real basis for saying that; for the defense of a town, our general is excellent.
Yeah, and for an assault too.
Guys, I have news for you news, you rascals!
What, what, what?
Tell us.
Why?
Why?
Why, here's the man that's been beating our general around, Caius Marcius.
Why do you say "beating our general around?"
Well, not "beating him," but he was always a good match for Aufidius.
Come, we are friends here Coriolanus was always too hard for Aufidius; I have heard Aufidius say so himself.
And had Coriolanus been into cannibalism, he might have cooked and eaten him, too.
But, what other news?
And he's as able to do that as any man I can imagine.
Do that!
Directitude!
What's that?
But when they see, sir, his flag up again, and the man covered in blood, they will flee out of their burrows like rabbits after rain, and celebrate with him .
But when will they move out?
Why, then we'll have an exciting world again.
This peace is good for nothing but to rust iron, to make tailors rich, and encourage artists.
Yeah, and it makes men hate one another.
The reason is that, in peace, they need one another less.
I'll put my money on the wars!
I hope to see Romans brought down to our level.
They are rising, they are rising!
In, in, in, in!
We did the right thing at the right time.
Is this Menenius?
Hello there!
Hello to you both!
Where is he, have you heard?
The gods save you both!
Good evening, neighbours.
Good evening, good evening to you all.
We, and our wives and children, pray for you both on our knees.
Live, and thrive!
Gods bless you!
Good bye, good bye.
People are happier and more prosperous now than when these sort of people ran around in the street, rioting.
Caius Marcius was a worthy officer in the war, but he was also insolent, overcome with pride, ambitious beyond imagination, self absorbed
And he desired complete power.
I do not think so.
Well, had he become consul, we would have found that he did want complete power, and then much to our dismay.
The gods have done well to prevent that, and Rome sits safe and sound without him.
Worthy tribunes: there is a slave in prison reporting that the Volsces have entered Roman territories with several battalions, and with the deep hatred of war, destroy everything that lies before them.
What?
Go make sure this gossiping prisoner gets whipped.
There's no way the Volsces would dare to fight with us.
No way!
We have every reason to believe there is a way, and there are three examples of it within my lifetime.
Don't talk to me; I know this can't be true.
It's not possible.
Yes, worthy sir, the slave's report has been backed up by another, and others, even more fearful, have been delivered.
What do you mean, more fearful?
All the people are saying I don't know if it's true that Marcius has joined forces with Aufidius to lead an army against Rome, vowing revenge as spacious as between the youngest and oldest things.
Yeah, right!
This rumor has been spread only so that weak people will wish to have good Marcius home again.
That's the trick of it.
Oh, look what you have done!
What's the news?
You have helped to rape your own daughters, to melt the city's lead roofs down onto your heads, and to see your wives raped while you watch.
What's the news?
What's the news?
Your temples will burn on their foundations, and your freedoms, on which you so insisted, made into machinery of your own misery.
Pray now, what news?
You have done something terrible, I'm afraid.
Please, your news?
If Marcius has joined with the Volscians
If!
You've done it now, you and your lowly laborers, you tribunes that carried on about the votes of the working, garlic eating common man!
He will, like an earthquake, shake your Rome around your ears.
As Hercules did shake down ripened fruit .
You've done it now!
But is this true, sir?
Yes, and you'll look pale before you find it false.
All our territories willingly revolt against Rome, and the ones that resist are mocked for their brave stupidity and then perish like fools.
And who can blame him, Coriolanus?
Even your enemies find something worthy in him.
We're all doomed, unless that noble Coriolanus will be merciful.
Who can ask mercy of him?
You have brought a trembling upon Rome, a terror which nothing can stop.
Don't say we brought it.
What?!
Did we bring on this terror, then?
We loved him, but like dumb animals and cowardly nobles, we let you and your crowds throw him out of the city.
I'm afraid they'll drag him in again.
Here come the crowds.
So is Aufidius with Coriolanus?
You are to blame for poisoning the air when you threw your stinking greasy hats up, hooting and celebrating Coriolanus's exile.
Oh, that's fearful news.
As far as I'm concerned, when I said he had to be banished, I thought it was a shame.
And so did I.
You're wonderful people, you voices!
You've gone and done it now, you and your crying!
Shall we go to the Capitol?
Oh, yes, what else can we do?
May the gods be good to us!
Come, friends, lets go home.
I've always said we were making a mistake to banish him.
We all did.
But come on, let's go home.
I do not like this news.
Neither do I.
Let's get to the Capitol.
I'd give half of what I own for this to be a lie!
Yeah, let's go.
Are our men still flocking to Coriolanus?
I can't help it now without shooting myself in the foot and ruining our plans.
Yet I wish, sir I mean, for your sake that you hadn't given him half your authority, but either kept control to entirely yourself or given it entirely to him.
Sir, tell me, do you think he'll conquer Rome?
He acted as though he did not know me.
Hear that?
Why, there it is!
Fair enough; what else could he say?
For one poor grain or two!
No, I won't interfere.
Please, go to him.
And what should I say?
Only ask what your love toward Marcius can do for Rome.
Sure, and what if Marcius sends me back without listening what then?
But your efforts will win great thanks from Rome, simply because we know you have tried.
I'll do it.
You know the way to his heart, and cannot fail.
With luck, I'll get him to agree, however it goes.
I guess we'll know whether I succeed very soon.
Coriolanus will never listen to him.
No?
I'm telling you, he sits like a king, his eye red as though he meant to burn Rome with it, and absolutely without pity.
Stop.
Stop where you are and go back.
From where?
From Rome.
You'll see Rome embraced with fire before you'll speak with Coriolanus.
Good friends, if you have heard your general talk about Rome, and of his friends there, by all odds you'll have heard him mention my name it is Menenius.
Honestly, sir, if you had lied as many times for him as you have uttered words for yourself even then, you couldn't pass here; no, even if lying were as virtuous as to live peacefully.
Therefore, go back.
Please, my good man, remember my name is Menenius; I have always been on Coriolanus's side.
Even if you've lied on his behalf as you say you have I am one that, telling the truth on his behalf, must say you cannot pass.
Therefore, go back.
Has he dined, do you know?
I'd rather not speak with him until after dinner.
You are a Roman, right?
I am, as your general is.
Then you should hate Rome, as he does.
When you have banished your defender and in a violent foolishness given your enemy your shield, do you really think you can stop his revenge with the groans of old women, the pleas of your daughters, or with whatever kind of old requests from a decaying corpse as you seem to be?
Do you think you can blow out the impending fire your city is ready to flame in with breath this weak?
You fool , if your captain knew I were here, he would be more respectful.
Come on, my captain doesn't know you.
Your general, I mean.
My general doesn't care about you.
No, but  Enter CORIOLANUS and AUFIDIUS CORIOLANUS and AUFIDIUS enter.
What is all this?
Go away!
Wait, what?
Away?
I do not know wife, mother, or child.
I am the servant of others, and though I too am owed revenge, my debt is with the Volscians.
Cruel forgetfulness shall poison any memory that you and I were once friends, rather than pity remember that friendship.
Therefore, be gone.
I will resist anything you have to say more strongly than Rome's gates will resist my force.
You maintain your temper.
Now, sir, is your name Menenius?
You see Coriolanus is greatly committed to our cause.
Do you hear how we are punished for keeping your greatness back?
Why, exactly, do you think I will faint?
I care neither for the world nor your general as for you, I can barely even think of you, you matter so little.
He seems like a noble man, honestly.
Tomorrow, we'll camp our army in front of the walls of Rome.
Aufidius, my partner in this war, you must report to the Volscian lords how straightforwardly I've acted.
This last old man, whom with a broken heart I have sent back to Rome, loved me more than a father; no, he loved me as a god, even.
My wife comes at the head of the group, and after her the honored mold in which my body was created , and holding her hand, her grandchild.
But I will not feel
My lord and husband!
These eyes are not the same I had when I was in Rome.
It is the tragedy that brings us here which makes you think so.
Like a bad actor, I have forgotten my part, and I am out of character, to my complete disgrace.
Beloved, please forgive my tyranny, but do not ask me to "Forgive our Romans.  "
What is this?
You would kneel to me, to your son?
You are my warrior.
I helped to create you.
The noble sister of Publicola, the pride of Roma, chaste as the icicle that's formed by frost from purest snow and hangs on the temple of Diana : dear Valeria!
This is a weaker version of you, which, in time, may come to be much like you.
Kneel, boy.
That's my brave boy!
Even he, your wife, this lady, and myself, have come to beg your mercy.
Oh, no more, no more!
Aufidius, and you Volsces, listen, because I don't want to be accused of hearing anything from Rome in private.
Your request?
If we stayed silent and did not speak, our clothes and bodies alone should tell you how we've lived since your exile.
Indeed, and mine too, the body that brought you this boy, your son, who bears your name.
If I want to avoid being tender, I cannot see the face of a child or a woman.
I have sat and listened too long.
No, don't go leave us like that.
Oh, mother, mother!
What have you done?
Behold, the heavens open up, the gods look down and laugh at this mad scene.
Oh my mother, mother!
Oh!
You have won a fortunate victory for Rome, but for your son believe me, Oh, believe me you have very dangerously convinced him, if not sentenced him to death.
But, let death come.
Aufidius, though I cannot make an all out war, I'll bring us a convenient peace.
Now, good Aufidius, if you were in my place, would you have listened to your mother less?
Or given less, Aufidius?
I was also moved by it.
I am glad your mercy and honor are working against each other; I'll make a fortune out of this situation.
Do you see that corner of the Capitol, that cornerstone?
Why, what about it?
If you can move that with your little finger, there is some hope the ladies of Rome, especially his mother, will convince Coriolanus not to attack.
But I say there's really no hope; we have been sentenced to death and are just waiting for the execution.
Is it possible that a man can change so much in so little time?
There is a difference between a caterpillar and a butterfly, but butterflies do start out as caterpillars.
Marcius has grown from man to dragon: he has wings, he is more than a creeping thing.
He loved his mother dearly.
Yes, god have mercy if you are describing him truthfully.
I paint him just as he is.
The gods be good to us!
No, in this case the gods will not be good to us.
When we banished him, we did not respect the gods, and when he returns to break our necks, the gods will not respect us.
What's the news?
Friend, are you certain this is true?
Are you absolutely certain?
The trumpets and bugles, organs and flutes, tambourines and cymbals and the shouting Romans make the very sun dance.
Listen!
This is good news indeed.
First, may the gods bless you for this news.
Sir, we all have great reason to give great thanks.
The women are near the city?
They are about to enter it.
We will meet them, and contribute to this joy.
Behold our savior, the lifeblood of Rome!
Welcome, ladies, welcome!
You're very welcome here!
How's it going with our general?
He has poisoned himself with his own forgiveness, killed himself with his own charity.
Most noble sir, if you still want us to be your allies, we'll help save you from great danger.
Sir, I don't know whether there will be danger.
I know, and I have a good reason to strike at him.
Sir, his stubbornness was what cost him the Roman consulship, which he lost because he could not bow
You came back to your hometown like a lowly messenger, and had no welcomes home.
And these fools, whose children he has killed, will tear their throats apart cheering at his glory.
Therefore, when you are ready, before he has a chance to speak or bring the people to his side, let him feel your sword, and we will help.
When he lies dead, you can tell the story and his reasons will be buried with his body.
Say no more: here come the lords.
Welcome home!
I have not deserved it.
But, worthy lords, have you looked at what I have written to you?
We have.
And we grieve to hear it.
He's coming.
Honorable lords!
I have returned again as your soldier, no more infected with my country's love than when I left, but still under your great command.
You must know that I successfully led the army in your wars to the very gates of Rome.
The spoils we brought home will pay for more than a third of the entire war.
Do not read it, noble lords, but tell the traitor how he has committed high treason and abused your powers.
Traitor?
What's going on?
Yes, traitor, Marcius!
Marcius?
Do you hear this, Mars?
Don't name the god of war, you tearful boy!
Ha!
That's enough.
You impossible liar, you have made my heart break even as it swells in fury.
Boy!
Oh, you slave.
Pardon me, lords, this is the first time I was ever forced to scold a man.
Peace, both of you, and listen to me.
Cut me to pieces Volsces, men and lads, stain all your edges on me .
Boy!
You false hound!
Why, noble lords, will you be brought to shame by this damned bragger who has won fortune by killing our people?
Let him die for it.
Tear him to pieces!
Do it now!
He killed my son!
He killed my daughter!
He killed my cousin Marcus!
He killed my father!
Peace, everyone!
No outrage, peace!
This man is noble and he is famous around the world.
His crimes against us will be heard in a military trial.
Stand aside, Aufidius, and don't trouble the peace.
Oh that I had him, and six Aufidiuses more, on which to use my sword!
You disrespectful villain!
Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill him!
Stop, stop, stop, stop!
My noble masters, hear me speak.
Oh, Tullus
You have done a deed at which all bravery weeps.
Do not stand over him.
Sirs, be quiet.
Coriolanus did provoke Aufidius, and so takes a great part of the blame.
Let's make the best of it.
My rage is gone, and I am struck with sorrow.
Pick him up.
Help, three of the strongest soldiers; I'll be one of the men who carries him.
Beat the drum in a mournful way.
What's wrong?
Only the king?
Why?
You speak highly of him.
What's his name and family?
I respect him just from hearing you describe him.
But tell me, is she the king's only child?
Yes, his only child.
How long ago was this?
About twenty years.
However strange it is and however much you could laugh at the incompetence, it's true, sir.
I believe you.
We have to stop talking: here come this man, the queen, and the princess.
Yes your highness, I will leave today.
You know the risk.
What lying kindness!
She's a bully who wounds you then tickles the wound.
My queen!
My wife!
Don't cry any more, or I'll show more weakness than is proper for a man.
Even if we kept saying goodbye for the rest of our lives, it would keep getting harder to leave.
Goodbye!
What?
Another woman?
Kind gods, just give me this one I have, and if I try to kiss another one then stop me by burning me to death!
Stay, stay there  while I am alive enough to keep it on.
Oh gods!
When will we see each other again?
Oh no, the king!
You lowest of things, go away!
Go, out of my sight!
If after being commanded to do this you still weigh the court down with your undeserving presence, you will die.
Go away!
May the gods protect you!
And bless those who stay in the court!
I am gone.
Death can't hurt worse than this.
You disloyal thing, you should make me feel young again but you make me feel a year older.
So you are past showing me grace?
Past obedience?
I am past hope, and in despair.
You could have married my wife, the queen's, only son!
I'm lucky I didn't!
I chose an eagle and avoided a vulture .
No, I made it shine more brightly.
You disgusting person!
Are you crazy?
Nearly, sir.
You foolish thing!
Please forgive me.
Calm down, dear daughter, calm down!
Dear king, leave us alone, and comfort yourself as best you can.
Come on!
You have to give up.
Here is your servant.
Hey, sir, what's the news?
Your son drew his sword against my master Posthumus.
What!
I hope no one was hurt?
I am very glad to hear that.
Your son is my father's friend.
He defends him.
Drawing his sword against an exile!
Thank you, your highness.
Please, walk with me awhile.
I would change my shirt if it had blood on it.
Have I hurt him?
No, not even his feelings.
Hurt him!
Cloten's sword owed someone money and sneaked around the back part of town instead of passing through it.
That criminal wouldn't stand and fight me.
No, he kept running away by going forward, towards your face.
What, stand and fight you?
You have plenty of your own land, but he added to what you have: he gave you some ground.
He gave you as many inches as you have oceans .
What a silly young person!
I wish they hadn't separated us.
So do I, until you fell and measured how long an idiot you were against the ground.
How could she love this man and refuse to marry me?
If it's a sin to make a good choice then she's damned.
She doesn't shine on idiots, because their reflection would hurt her.
Well, I'll go to my room.
I wish someone had gotten hurt!
I don't, unless a donkey was knocked down, which wouldn't be so bad.
You'll go with me?
I'll visit you later, my lord.
No, come on, let's all go together.
All right, my lord.
It was "my queen, my queen!  "
Then he waved his handkerchief?
And kissed it, ma'am.
You should have kept watching him until he seemed as small as a crow, or smaller.
I did, ma'am.
Definitely as soon as he lands somewhere, ma'am.
The queen would like to see you, your highness.
Do the things I told you to do.
I will go see the queen.
I will, ma'am.
But you're talking about what he was like when he didn't yet have all the qualities, inner and outer, that he does now.
This business of him marrying his king's daughter makes him seem better than he is, because she's worth far more than he is and people have to judge him by her worth.
And now he's exiled.
Sir, we met in Orleans.
And since we met you've done me many favors and I owe you a lot for that.
It was extreme to try to settle it by fighting with swords, especially since you would probably have hurt or killed each other.
Would it be rude for us to ask what the argument was about?
I'm sure that either that woman is dead or this man has changed his mind about her.
She still has all her virtues and I still have the same opinion about her.
But you wouldn't say she was that much better than our women here in Italy.
If I got as worked up as I did in France, I would not take away any of the things I said about her.
I described her as I saw her then, and I would do the same thing with my diamond.
How much do you think it's worth?
More than is contained in the world.
Either your unequaled lover is dead or she's worth less than a trinket.
Which the gods have given to you?
Which, if they let me, I will keep.
You are entitled to her now and can wear her.
Let's leave, gentlemen.
Gladly, sir.
No, no.
What's that?
I wish I had bet both my property and my neighbor's to prove what I said!
What woman would you choose to harass?
Your wife, who you're so sure is loyal.
You're afraid, and that's wise of you.
I'm in control of what I say, and I promise I'm willing to go through with what I've said.
Will you?
I won't let this bet happen.
By the gods, it's a bet.
If I don't bring you good enough evidence that I've taken advantage of your wife's most pleasant body part, my ten thousand ducats will be yours.
I accept these conditions.
I agree.
Do you think they'll go through with this?
Iachimo won't let it go.
Come on, let's follow them.
I do, ma'am.
Do it.
Now, doctor, have you brought those drugs?
Yes, your highness.
I'm surprised, doctor, that you're asking me such a question.
Haven't I been your student for a long time?
Haven't you taught me how to make perfumes, alcohol, and preserves?
Don't worry.
Hark thee, a word.
I do not like her.
No further service, doctor, Until I send for thee.
Weeps she still, say'st thou?
I have a a cruel father, a lying stepmother, a silly suitor who wants to marry a married woman whose husband is banished Oh, what a husband!
He's the biggest reason for me to be sad!
And those other annoying people make that sadness worse!
If I'd been stolen like my two brothers, I would have been happy!
Ma'am, a noble man from Rome has brought letters from my master.
Did you just turn pale, ma'am?
The good Leonatus is safe and greets you with love.
Thank you, sir.
She's very beautiful on the outside!
"He's one of the men with the best reputations, and I owe him a lot for his kindness.
So treat him well, if you want to be trusted.
Thanks, most beautiful lady.
Are men crazy?
Has nature given them eyes to see the sky and the rich crops that come from the sea and the land, to tell apart the fiery stars above from the equal number of grains of sands on the crowded beach?
And can we not use these amazing instruments to tell the difference between good and bad?
Why are you staring?
Come on, what's the matter?
What's wrong with you, sir?
Are you well?
Thanks, ma'am.
I was just going, sir, to welcome him.
How is my husband's health?
Is he well?
Well, ma'am.
Is he happy?
I hope he is.
When he was here, he used to be sad a lot, and often didn't know why.
I never saw him be sad.
My husband says that?
Not him, I hope.
What do you pity, sir?
Two people, with all my heart.
Am I one of them, sir?
Horrible!
How could he hide from the bright sun and find comfort in a dungeon with a candle?
Please, sir, answer my questions more clearly.
Why do you pity me?
Because other people I was about to say enjoy your but it's the gods' job to revenge this, not mine to talk about it.
I'm afraid that my husband has forgotten Britain.
And himself.
Don't say any more.
Oh poor thing!
Your situation strikes so much pity into my heart that it makes me sick.
Revenge!
How would I take my revenge?
If this is true   but I am so in love that I should not be willing to believe rumors I hear   if it's true, how would I get my revenge?
You should think, "Is it right for him to make me live, like a nun of the goddess Diana's, lying between cold sheets?"
Pisanio!
Let me prove my willingness to serve you by kissing you.
Go away!
I'm angry at my ears for listening to you for so long.
If you were honorable you would have told this story for a virtuous reason, not for the kind of goal you're after that's as low as it is strange.
You're acting wrongly towards a gentleman, who is as far from doing what you describe as you are from being honorable.
Oh lucky Leonatus!
I can say the belief your wife has in you deserves your trust in her, and your perfect goodness deserves her strong belief.
May you remain this blessed for a long time!
You're the wife of the most virtuous man who ever lived in a country!
And you're a wife who only deserves the most virtuous man!
Forgive me.
You're making up for your behavior.
Thank you.
What is it?
Oh, no, no.
Thank you for taking the trouble.
I will write to him.
Was any man ever this unlucky?
I even had the jack and kissed it, but then I suddenly lost!
But what did he get for that?
You cracked his head with your bowl.
If his brains had been like the man who cracked them open, they would all have run away.
When a man feels like swearing, it's not right for a bystander to cut short his oaths, right?
No.
That dog, son of a prostitute!
How dare he ask me to fight him?
I wish he were in the same class as me so I could!
He would have been a stinky fool too then.
This annoys me more than anything on earth, darn it!
What did you say?
It's not right for you to fight every single one of your companions who offends you.
Yes, you're the only one who does that.
That's what I'm saying.
Did you hear about a stranger who's come to court tonight?
What?
He's a strange man himself, and doesn't know it.
An Italian man has come.
Leonatus!
A banished good for nothing.
This man's the same thing, whoever he is.
One of your servants.
Would it be proper for me to go look at him?
Would it lower people's opinions of me?
You couldn't possibly lower people's opinions of you, my lord.
Not easily, I think.
I'll meet you there.
How strange that a clever devil like his mother gave birth to such a fool!
She's a woman who crushes everyone with her brain, and her son can't subtract two from twenty and get eighteen no matter how hard he tries.
Who's there?
Is it my attendant Helen?
Yes, ma'am.
What time is it?
Almost midnight, ma'am.
Gods, I give myself up to your protection.
Save me from fairies and night time demons, please.
The crickets are singing, and people's tired out senses are being healed by sleep.
Tarquin tiptoed over the floors this way, before he woke up his victim and raped her.
Aphrodite , you fresh lily, you look so beautiful on your bed and you're whiter than the sheets!
I wish I could touch you!
And only kiss you one kiss!
Your lips are like the most beautiful rubies and kiss so delightfully!
You're the best loser, you keep your cool like no one else.
Losing would make any man feel cold.
But it wouldn't make any man as patient as you are.
You are so energetic and angry when you win.
Winning makes any man brave.
If I could get silly Imogen to marry me, I would have enough gold.
It's almost morning, isn't it?
It's already day, my lord.
Hark, hark!
All right, go away.
Here comes the king.
Good morning, your majesty and my mother.
Are you waiting here at the door for my unrelenting daughter?
Is she refusing to come out?
I attacked her with music, but she hasn't responded.
You owe the king a lot for not letting go of any opportunity to try to get his daughter to like you.
Dumb!
I'm not.
Who's knocking out there?
A gentleman.
That's all?
Yes, and I'm also a lady's son.
That's more than some people can say who go to the same expensive tailors you do.
What do you want?
Your mistress.
Yes, to stay in her room.
Here's gold for you.
What?
Are you asking me to sell my reputation?
Good morning, beautiful one.
Good morning, sir.
Still, I promise I love you.
That's no answer.
I wouldn't speak, except that if I didn't say anything, you would say my silence meant consent.
It would be wrong to let you be this crazy.
Fools are not crazy.
Are you calling me a fool?
You're sinning by disobeying your father.
May he rot in the fog of the south of Europe!
The worst thing that could happen to him is for you to just say his name.
I care more about any piece of clothing he ever wore than as many men like you as you have hairs on your head.
Pisanio!
"Any piece of clothing!  "
The devil
Go to Dorothy, my attendant
"Any piece of clothing!  "
A foolish man is haunting me.
It won't be lost.
I hope so.
You were rude to me.
I'll tell your father.
I'll get my revenge.
"Any piece of clothing!  "
What are you doing to try to contact the king?
Your goodness and your company are worth more than anything I can do for you.
Look!
Iachimo!
The fastest deer carried you over land and all the winds filled your sails to make your ship go quickly.
Welcome, sir.
I hope you came back so quickly because the answer you got from my wife was so short.
Your wife is one of the most beautiful women I've seen.
And also the best, or her beauty would be like a woman staring out of a window to trap disloyal hearts and betray them.
Here are letters for you.
I hope they contain good news.
Probably.
Was Caius Lucius at the British court when you were there?
They were expecting him, but he wasn't there yet.
Then everything's still fine.
So is this jewel as bright as it used to be?
Or has it grown too dull to wear?
If I had lost it, I would only have lost its worth in gold.
I would travel twice as far to enjoy another night as pleasantly short as the one I had in Britain.
No, it would be too hard to win this jewel.
Not at all, since your wife is so easy.
Sir, we have to, if you keep your promise.
Go on.
I must tell you more details to prove this to you.
You must, or you will be dishonored.
That's also something you could have heard about, since it's talked about a lot.
These details aren't worth as much as her honor!
Even if you did see all these things and you have a great memory, by the way describing the stuff in her room does not win the bet you made.
Well then, assuming you can.
By Jove!
Maybe she took it off to send it to me.
Does she write that in her letter to you?
Oh, no, no, no!
It's true.
Here, take this too.
Looking at that ring is like looking a basilisk in the eye: looking at it kills me.
That's very true.
I swear by Jupiter, I got it straight from her own arm.
Listen, he swears.
Never talk about it.
Do you want to hear more?
I promise
No promising.
I won't deny anything.
I wish I had her here, so I could tear her apart!
I'll go there and do it, in the court, in front of her father.
I'll do something  Exit He exits.
I can't stand this any more!
Absolutely.
Is there no way for men to be born except for women to do half the work?
Tell us, what does August Caesar want from us?
When Julius Caesar, who's still remembered and who will be talked about forever, got to this country of Britain and conquered it, your uncle Cassibelan, who is as famous because Caesar praised him as for anything he did to deserve that praise, granted a tribute to Rome that would be paid by him and his successors, of three thousand pounds a year.
The Romans had to take our freedom by force, and now we have a chance to get it back.
Son, let your mother end this conversation.
We do.
You're welcome, Caius.
We'll see.
The king welcomes you here.
Fine, sir.
I know what your king wants and he knows what I want.
What?
Accused of adultery?
Why don't you mention which monster accused her?
Oh, Leonatus!
Hello, Pisanio!
Ma'am, here's a letter from my lord.
Who?
Your lord?
That's my lord, Leonatus!
An astronomer who knew the stars as well as I know his handwriting would be very wise!
Twenty miles between sunrise and sunset, ma'am, is enough for you.
Ma'am, you should think this through.
This is a beautiful day to get outside, especially given how low our roof is!
Hello, sky!
Hello, sky!
What will we talk about when we're as old as you are?
What are you saying?
If you just knew about and had experienced the city's corruption, the craft of being in court, a craft that is as hard to give up as it is to keep doing.
Luck is so unpredictable!
I don't even need to draw my sword.
This letter has already cut her throat.
Unfaithful to him?
What does it mean to be unfaithful?
To lie awake in bed and think about him?
To weep for an hour?
If I fall asleep, to have a nightmare about him and wake up crying?
Is that being unfaithful to him?
Poor lady!
Me, unfaithful!
Ma'am, listen to me.
Go away, terrible object!
You won't damn my hand.
Good lady, ever since I was ordered to do this I haven't slept a wink.
Do it, then go to bed.
I'd rather stay awake until I was blind.
Then why did you start this?
Why did you lie to me to get me to come so many miles?
To this place?
Why did we do all this?
Why make our horses work so hard?
Why wait so long?
Why let the court get upset about my absence?
I'll never go back there.
Just to win some time to think about how to get out of doing this terrible thing.
And I've thought of something in that time.
Then, ma'am, I thought you wouldn't go back.
That makes sense, since you were bringing me here to kill me.
Some Roman prostitute.
No, I promise.
My good man, what will I do in all that time?
Where will I live?
How will I support myself?
And how will I be able to stand my life, when my husband wants me dead?
If you want to go back to the court
If you don't want to go back to court, you shouldn't stay in Britain.
Then where should I go?
Is Britain the only place where sun shines?
Is it the only place with day and night?
I am glad you're thinking about other countries.
What wouldn't I do for that information!
This puts my reputation in danger, but it isn't necessarily deadly to it.
First, just make yourself look like one.
You're the only comfort the gods have given me now.
Well, ma'am, I have to say good bye for now, because if they realize I'm gone from court they'll suspect me of helping you escape.
Amen.
That's all I have to say, so goodbye.
Thanks, sir.
And you!
Let me shake your hand, my lord.
Shake it as a friend, but from now on my hand will be your enemy.
Sir, we don't know how the fight will go yet.
Don't leave honorable Lucius, my good lords, until he has crossed the river Severn.
Best wishes!
Lucius already wrote to the emperor about what happened here.
We can't be lazy about this, but have to act quickly and well.
I thought this would happen so I prepared for this.
But, my dear queen, where is our daughter?
Where is she, sir?
What can I say in response to the disrespect she shows me?
Sir, her rooms are locked, and there was no answer even when we knocked as loudly as we could.
Her doors are locked?
She hasn't been seen lately?
Gods, please let me be wrong about what I'm afraid has happened!
Son, follow the king.
That old servant of hers, Pisanio, hasn't been seen for two days.
Go, follow him.
Pisanio, you substitute for Posthumus!
She's definitely run away.
Oh, my good lord!
Where is your mistress?
Or, by Jupiter I won't ask again.
You sneaking thug, I'll get this secret out of your brain, or rip out your brain.
Is she with Posthumus?
He's so worthless, he doesn't have an ounce of goodness in him.
Unfortunately, sir, how could she be with him?
How long has she been gone?
He's in Rome.
Where is she, sir?
Oh, my excellent lord!
You excellent thug!
Then, sir, this paper contains everything I know about her escape.
Let's see this.
I will follow her even as far as Augustus's throne in Rome.
Hmm!
I'll write to my master that she's dead.
Oh Imogen, travel safely and come back safe!
Sir, is this letter real?
I think so, sir.
It's Posthumus's handwriting: I recognize it.
All right, my good lord.
Will you obey me?
Sir, I will.
Give me your hand: here's my purse.
Do you have access to any of your last master's clothes?
My lord, I have in my room the outfit he wore when he said goodbye to my mistress.
The first thing you'll do in my service is fetch that outfit.
I will, my lord.
"Meet you at Milford Haven!  "
Yes, my noble lord.
How long ago did she go to Milford Haven?
She'll be getting there around now.
I'm exhausted.
I'm tired from working, but hunger makes me strong.
Wait, don't go in.
If it weren't eating our food, I'd think it was a fairy.
What's the matter, sir?
An angel, by Jupiter!
Or, if not, something with no equal on earth!
No older than a boy.
Money, young man!
Where are you heading?
To Milford Haven.
What's your name?
Fidele , sir.
Please, handsome youth, don't think we're peasants, and don't make assumptions about our characters based on this wild place we live in.
Welcome!
If you were a woman, young man, I would try everything to get you to marry me.
Really, that's what I think of you.
If we're like brothers, then we're definitely friends.
He's sad about something.
I wish I could do something about it!
And me, however painful and hard it was to fix it.
By the gods!
Listen, boys.
Let's do that.
Boys, let's prepare the meat.
Please, come closer.
The night is less welcome to owls and the morning to larks than you are to us here.
Thank you, sir.
Please, come closer.
Is Lucius leading the forces?
Yes.
He's still in France?
We'll do our duty.
I'm near the place where they're supposed to meet, if Pisanio's map is right.
His clothes fit me really well!
Brother, stay here.
We're brothers, aren't we?
You go hunting.
What?
What did you say?
What a noble thing to say!
They're so naturally virtuous!
And high born!
Cowards give birth to cowards and low things give birth to low things.
Nature is like grain: it contains flour that you keep and bran you throw away.
In the same way, there are low and high people.
Goodbye, brother.
Have fun.
Get better.
Let's go, sir.
These are kind people.
I've been told such terrible lies!
Our courtiers say everyone who isn't at court is a savage!
He answered me in the same way.
Let's go, let's hunt!
We'll leave you for now.
We won't be away for long.
Please, don't be sick.
Sick or healthy, we're in this together.
And always will be.
This young man seems like he's in trouble, but like he's from a good family.
He sings like an angel!
And his cooking!
I hope that patience grows!
And that grief, a stinking tree, separates its dying root from the growing vine of patience!
It's midmorning.
Come on, let's go who's there?
Enter CLOTEN CLOTEN enters.
I can't find those runaways.
That thug was lying to me.
"Those runaways!  "
He must mean us!
I sort of know him.
It's Cloten, the queen's son.
I'm worried there are people here to ambush us.
I haven't seen him for years, but I know it's him.
Wait!
Who are you, running at me like that?
Some mountain climbing bandit?
I have heard of those people.
What kind of slave are you?
I never did anything more slavish than what I'm doing right now: answering a slave without hitting him.
You're a robber, a law breaker, a thug.
To who?
To you?
Who are you?
Don't I have an arm as strong as yours?
A heart that's just as good?
Your words are stronger, but that's because I don't insult strangers.
Tell me who you are.
You low thug, don't you know who I am from my clothes?
No, or from your tailor, you good for nothing, who I bet is your grandfather.
You ridiculous criminal, my tailor didn't make them.
Go away, then, and go thank the man who gave them to you.
You insulting thief, hear my name and be afraid.
What's your name?
Cloten, you thug.
Cloten, you double thug, if that's your name, fine, but I can't be afraid of it.
To scare you more, to completely overwhelm you, I'll tell you I'm the queen's son.
Aren't you afraid?
You didn't see any soldiers out there?
Not a single one.
What did you do?
We're done for.
But father, what do we have to lose except what he promised he'd take, our lives?
The law doesn't protect us, so why should we let an arrogant lump threaten us and play at being a judge and executioner all by himself, because we're afraid of the law?
How many soldiers did you see around here?
We didn't see a single one, but we should assume he had attendants with him.
Let the future go the way the gods want it to.
I'm worried they'll get their revenge for this.
I wish you hadn't done this, Polydore!
I wish I had done it so I was the only one who would be punished!
Poor sick Fidele!
Oh you goddess, holy Nature, you show yourself so clearly in these two princely boys!
Where's my brother?
I sent Cloten's head down the stream, with a message to his mother.
My instrument!
Listen, Polydore, it's being played!
But why has Cadwal brought it out?
Listen!
Is he at home?
He just left here.
What is he doing?
It hasn't been played since my dear mother died.
You should only seem to be sad because something sad has happened.
What's going on?
Celebrating over nothing and crying over nothing is happiness fit only for apes and sadness for boys.
Is Cadwal crazy?
Look, here he comes, and carries in his arm the sad thing we were saying he should be responding to.
The bird we were so fond of is dead.
I would rather have skipped from sixteen years old to sixty, to give up my leaping time in my youth for a crutch, than see this.
Oh, sweetest, most beautiful lily!
Your brother isn't wearing you half as well on his arms as you wore yourself when you were alive.
Oh, this is a bottomless sorrow!
Where?
Please, stop talking, and don't play around with girlish words about something so serious.
Let's bury him, and not keep being amazed about something that's over and done with.
To the grave!
Where will we bury him?
Next to our mother, good Euriphile.
We'll say it then.
I see that a greater sadness makes you forget a lesser one, because Cloten has been completely forgotten.
Please, fetch him.
Thersites's body is as good as Ajax's when they're both dead.
If you go fetch him, we'll say our song while you're gone.
Brother, you begin.
It's true.
Come on then, move him.
All right.
Begin.
Don't be afraid of lightning bolts.
Or the thunder that everyone is afraid of.
Don't be afraid of slander or thoughtless criticism.
You're through with joy and sighing.
All young lovers, all lovers must Turn themselves in to you, and turn to dust.
May no exorcist harm you!
And no witchcraft cast a spell on you!
May restless ghosts leave you alone!
May nothing evil come near you!
Enjoy a quiet death, And may your grave be famous!
We have finished our ceremony.
Yes, sir, how do I get to Milford Haven?
Thank you.
Past that bush?
How far away is it?
God, can it be another six miles?
I've walked all night.
I'll lie down and sleep.
But wait!
Not with anyone!
Oh gods and goddesses!
Seeing the body of CLOTEN She sees CLOTEN's body.
The troops stationed in Gallia, as you asked, crossed the sea to meet you here in Milford Haven with your ships.
But what have you heard from Rome?
When do you expect them to get here?
When the next wind blows this way.
They're early, which is a good sign for us.
May you often dream that, and never be wrong about it.
Wait!
Whose body is here without a head?
What's left of this ruined building seems to show that it was once noble.
A page boy!
Dead or sleeping?
He's alive, sir.
Then he'll tell us about this body.
Young one, tell us what happened to you, because it's impossible not to ask.
Who is this you're using as a bloody pillow?
Or who was it who did this to him so unnaturally?
What do you have to do with this tragedy?
How did it happen?
Who is it?
Who are you?
I'm no one, or if not, I wish I were.
This was my master, a very brave and good British man, killed by mountain bandits.
Poor young man!
You're making me as sad by complaining as your master is by bleeding.
Richard du Champ.
What's your name?
Fidele, sir.
You show yourself to be exactly what that name means: faithful.
Your name fits your faithfulness well, your faithfulness fits your name.
I'll follow you, sir.
Good young man!
I wish I were your father instead of your master.
Go back, and report to me how she's feeling.
She got feverish after her son disappeared, went crazy, and might die.
This is a hard time.
Your majesty, the Roman legions have left Gallia and landed on your coast, along with some Roman nobles sent by the senate.
I wish my son and queen were here to advise me!
I don't know what to do.
Thank you.
Let's leave, and do what we need to.
I'm not afraid of how Italy can annoy us.
But I'm sad about what's happened here.
There's noise all around us.
Let's run from it.
What is the point of a life safe from fighting and adventures?
And what hope do we have in being able to hide?
This way, either the Romans will kill us for being Britons, or use us to start a violent rebellion and kill us afterwards.
Sons, let's go higher up the mountains and find a safe place there.
That's a dishonorable fear for you to have, and we don't agree.
It isn't likely that when they can hear the Roman horses neighing, see their campfires, and have so many important things to look at and listen to, that they will waste time wondering where we came from.
It would be better to die than to live like that.
I say the same thing.
There's no reason for me, since you care so little about your lives, to take care of my old one.
Let's go, boys!
Yes, bloody cloth, I'll keep you, because I wanted you to be this color.
You who are married, if all of you did this, so many of you would murder wives who are much better than you just for straying a bit!
Oh Pisanio!
Stand your ground!
Stand your grounds and fight!
It's because they just got fresh troops.
Did you come from where they made a stand?
I did.
But it seems like you were one of the people who ran away.
I was.
Where was this alley?
This was a strange coincidence: a narrow road, an old man, and two boys.
Don't be angry, sir?
Why should I?
Goodbye: you're angry?
Still running away?
May great Jupiter be praised!
Lucius has been captured.
It's believed that the old man and his sons were angels.
There was a fourth man, in humble clothes, who fought with them.
I've heard that said.
But none of them can be found.
Stop!
A Roman, who wouldn't have been stuck here if people had come to his help.
Grab him.
Or whatever you're hungry for.
Welcome, slavery!
Nature and his genes made him so attractive that he deserved to be praised by the whole world as Sicilius's heir.
When he had grown into a man, who else in Britain was equal to him or who else could compete with him in Imogen's affection, she who more than anyone could see how virtuous he was?
Why was he punished for getting married, exiled and driven out of the Leonatus famiy home, and separated from his beloved, sweet Imogen?
Open your window, look down, don't punish a brave people so harshly.
Jupiter, since our son is a good person, don't let him be miserable.
Help, Jupiter, or we will appeal to them and give up on your justice system.
Don't offend us by talking anymore, you minor spirits from below!
Thanks, Jupiter!
The marble roof closes: he has gone back to the bright place where he lives.
Let's go!
And we should do exactly as he asked so he blesses us.
Sleep, you were like a grandfather: you gave birth to a father for me, and you created a mother and two brothers.
But what a terrible joke!
Come on, sir, are you ready to die?
I was ready long ago.
Well, if I give the spectators a good meal, it's worth the trouble of killing and cooking me.
Bad luck for you, sir.
I'm happier to die than you are to live.
Yes, I do.
Believe me, fellow, there's no one who can't see where I'm going except those who keep their eyes closed and refuse to use them.
What a joke that is, that a man would use his eyes to see what blindness looks like.
I'm sure hanging is a way to shut your eyes.
Take off his handcuffs and bring your prisoner to the king.
If that's true then I'll be hanged.
Then you will be freer than a jailor, because no locks can stop the dead.
Unless a man married a noose and gave birth to young nooses, I never saw anyone so likely to be hanged.
Stand next to me, you whom the gods aided to save my throne.
There's no news of him?
He's been searched for among those who are dead and alive, but there's no trace of him.
Sadly, I'll have to keep his reward.
Hello, great king!
I have to ruin your happiness by telling you the queen is dead.
It doesn't reflect well on a doctor to report that someone they were treating died.
But I suppose that although life can be made longer with medicine, eventually even a doctor dies.
How did she die?
Please, tell me.
What a sneaky demon!
Who can know what women are actually like?
Is there more?
There's more, sir, and it's worse.
She confessed she had a poison prepared for you that, when you swallowed it, would make you waste away and die slowly.
Did you, her women, hear all of this?
We did, your highness.
I'm sure I've seen him before.
Thank you, your highness.
I'm not asking you to beg for my life, dear boy, but I know you will.
What do you want, boy?
Why are you looking at him like that?
I'll tell you privately, if you agree to listen to me.
Yes, with all my heart, and I'll pay close attention.
What's your name?
Fidele, sir.
Isn't this the boy come back to life?
It's the same dead person, come back to life.
Wait!
But we saw him dead.
Be quiet.
Come on, stand next to me and say what you want out loud.
What I ask is, for this gentleman to tell me where he got this ring.
What does that have to do with him?
That diamond ring on your finger, how did you get it?
You're threatening to torture me if I don't say something that, when I say it, will torture you.
What, me?
I'm glad to be forced to reveal a secret that is so painful to keep.
Everything to do with this.
That ideal woman, your daughter mentioning her, my heart bleeds and my lying mind cringes I'm sorry, I feel faint.
My daughter!
What about her?
Once and curse the clock that struck the hour!
it was in Rome curse the house where this happened!
it was at a feast oh, I wish our food had been poisoned, or at least the food I threw in my mouth!
the good Posthumus What can I say?
I'm in suspense.
I will all too soon, unless you're eager to be sad.
No, no, get to the point.
Your daughter's faithfulness that's where it begins.
Yes, you can, you Italian devil!
Wait, my lord.
Do you think this is a play?
You mocking page, this is your part.
Oh gentlemen, help!
This is my mistress and your wife!
Oh, my lord Posthumus!
You never killed Imogen until now.
Help, help!
My dear lady!
Is the world spinning?
What's happening to me?
Wake up, mistress!
If this is true, the gods are trying to kill me with happiness.
How is your wife?
Imogen's voice!
More new information?
It poisoned me.
Oh gods!
I left out one thing the queen confessed, which proves you to be honest.
She said, "If Pisanio has given his mistress that potion I told him was medicine, she's as dead as a rat drinking rat poison.  "
What does that mean, Cornelius?
Probably, because I was dead.
My boys, that's where we went wrong.
This is definitely Fidele.
Why did you push your wife away from you?
Pretend you're on the side of a cliff, and see if you can push me away again.
My dear, you're like my soul.
My flesh and blood, my child!
You're acting like I don't matter.
Won't you speak to me?
Give me your blessing, sir.
I don't blame you for loving this young man.
May my tears falling on you act like holy water!
Imogen, your mother's dead.
I'm sorry, sir.
My lord, now that I'm not afraid any more, I'll tell you the truth.
When my mistress went missing, Lord Cloten came to me with his sword out, foamed at the mouth, and promised that I would die at once if I didn't tell him where she had gone.
Let me end the story: I killed him there.
Gods forbid!
You've done good deeds I don't want to have to order you thrown in jail.
I said it, and I did it.
He was a prince.
I'm sorry, but you've condemned yourself by saying this and have to face your punishment under our law.
I thought that headless man was my husband.
Tie up the criminal and take him out of my sight.
You old soldier, do you want to undo all the good deeds I haven't paid you for yet, and make me angry?
How is he from as good a family as me?
He didn't really mean that.
And you'll die for that.
Anything dangerous for you is dangerous for us.
And anything good for us is good for you.
Well then, I'll say it.
Great king, you had a subject called Belarius.
What about him?
He is a banished traitor.
Bringing up my sons!
What!
My children!
As certainly as you are your father's child.
You're crying while you speak.
The good deeds you did for me were more surprising than this story you're telling.
Wait a moment.
This man I call Polydore is really your Guiderius, worthy king.
Guiderius had a mole on his neck, a red star.
Am I a mother giving birth to three children?
No mother was ever happier to deliver children.
After strangely changing social classes, may you be blessed in the one you've come back to!
Oh Imogen, you've lost a kingdom because of this.
No, my lord, I have gained two whole worlds.
Oh my dear brothers, have we met this way?
Did you meet each other before?
Yes, sir.
And loved each other from the first, and still did until we thought he died.
Because of the queen's potion she drank.
What an amazing instinct!
When will I hear all the details?
This rough abridged version has so many side stories that I should know more about.
Where?
How did you live?
How did you come to be a servant to my Roman prisoner?
How did you leave your brothers?
How did you first meet them?
Why did you run away from the court?
And where?
You are like another father to me and helped me survive long enough to see all this.
My good master, I'll do you one more service.
Bless you!
That last soldier who fought so nobly: he would have been a good addition and I would have been honored to thank him.
That was a noble judgement!
I'll learn forgiveness from my son in law.
I'm your servant, princes.
Philarmonus!
Here, my good lord.
Read this, and tell us what it means.
"When a lion's cub, not knowing himself, finds a piece of soft air and is hugged by it without looking for it, and when branches are cut from a noble cedar tree and, after being dead many years, come back to life and are re  attached to the old trunk and grow again, then Posthumus's sorrows will end, and Britain will be fortunate, prosperous, and peaceful.  "
That makes sense.
Well, that peace will begin now.
The gods are tuning the music of this peace.
Let us praise the gods, and burn offerings at our blessed altars until the smoke reaches their noses.
Announce this peace to all our subjects.
Who’s there?
No, you answer me.
Stop and reveal yourself.
Long live the king!
Barnardo?
Yes, me.
You arrived right on schedule.
The clock just struck twelve.
Go to bed, Francisco.
Thanks for relieving me.
It’s bitterly cold, and I’m miserable.
Has your guard duty been quiet?
Not a mouse stirred.
Well, good night.
If you see Horatio and Marcellus who are going to stand guard with me tell them to hurry.
I think I hear them.
Stop!
Who’s there?
Friends of this country.
And loyal servants of the Danish king.
Good night to you.
Oh, goodbye, honorable soldier.
Who’s relieved you?
Barnardo’s taken my place.
Good night.
Hello, Barnardo.
Say, is Horatio here too?
More or less.
Welcome, Horatio.
Welcome, Marcellus.
So, has the thing appeared again tonight?
I haven’t seen anything.
Horatio says it’s all our imagination, and he won’t let himself believe in this awful thing we’ve now seen twice.
I asked him to join us in our guard duty tonight, so that if the ghost appears he can confirm what we see and speak to it.
Oh, come now.
Sit down for a while, and let us tell you again the story you refuse to believe, about what we’ve seen the last two nights.
Sure, let’s sit down and listen to Barnardo tell us about it.
Last night, when that star to the west of the North Star had moved across the heavens to brighten that spot in the sky where it’s shining now, at precisely one o’clock, Marcellus and I  The GHOST enters.
Quiet, stop talking!
Look, it’s come again.
Looking exactly like the dead king.
You’re well educated.
Speak to it, Horatio.
Doesn’t he look like the king, Horatio?
Exactly like him.
It fills me with fear and wonder.
It wants us to speak to it.
Ask it something, Horatio.
Who are you, disturbing this time of night, and appearing just like the dead king of Denmark, dressed in his battle armor?
By God, I order you to speak.
You’ve offended it.
Look, it’s moving away.
Stay!
Speak!
Speak!
It’s gone, and won’t answer.
How are you, Horatio?
You’re pale and trembling.
Isn’t this something more than just our imagination?
What do you think about it?
I swear by God, I would never have believed this if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes.
Doesn’t it look like the king?
As much as you look like yourself.
That was the same armor the king wore when he fought the ambitious king of Norway.
And the ghost frowned just like the king did once when he fought the Poles, who traveled on the ice in sleds.
It’s eerie.
It’s happened like this twice before, always at this time of night.
I don’t know exactly what this means, but I have a general feeling it signals that something bad is about to happen to our country.
I can do that.
I think that’s right.
It makes sense that this ghost of the late king would haunt our guard duty now, since he was such an important part of these wars.
Wait, look!
It has returned.
I’ll meet it if it’s the last thing I do.
Stop, you illusion!
If you have a voice or can make sounds, speak to me.
If there’s anything that I can do that might bring peace to you and honor to me, speak to me.
If you know something abut your country’s fate which we could avoid if we knew about it then, oh, speak!
Or if you have a treasure buried somewhere in the earth which they say often makes ghosts restless then speak of it.
Stay and speak!
Don’t let it leave, Marcellus.
Should I hit it with my spear?
Yes, if it doesn’t stand still.
It’s here.
It’s here.
It’s gone.
It was about to say something when the rooster crowed.
And then it looked startled, like a guilty person summoned to appear in court.
It faded away when the rooster crowed.
Some people say that just before Christmas the rooster crows all night long, so that no ghost dares go wandering, and the night is safe for all.
I’ve heard the same thing, and partially believe it.
But look, the red glow of morning is breaking beyond that hill in the east.
I do not doubt it.
A fond goodbye to you.
And now, Laertes, what’s your news?
You mentioned that you have a favor to ask of me.
What is it, Laertes?
You’ll never be wasting your words by making a reasonable request of the King of Denmark.
What could you possibly ask for that I wouldn’t give you?
Your father is as vital to the Danish throne as the head is to the heart, or the hand to the mouth.
What do you want, Laertes?
Do you have your father’s permission?
What does Polonius say?
My lord, he has won my permission by asking me over and over again so that, finally, I reluctantly gave my approval.
I ask you to please give him permission to go.
Leave when you like, Laertes.
Your time is your own, to be spent however you want.
And now, Hamlet, my nephew and my son
Why are you so gloomy that it seems like you are covered by clouds?
Not at all, my lord.
The problem is that I am covered in sun .
Dearest Hamlet, stop wearing these black clothes, and look upon the King of Denmark as a friend.
Yes, madam, it is common.
If that’s so, why does it seem like such an issue to you?
“Seem,” mother?
No, it is.
I don’t know the meaning of “seems.
Hamlet, it is sweet and good that you mourn like this for your father.
But you must also remember that your father lost his father, who in turn lost his father, and each time the son had a duty to mourn for his father for a certain time.
But to continue to mourn out of sheer stubbornness is blasphemous.
It isn’t manly.
It does not fit with God’s desires, and it indicates a too soft heart, an undisciplined mind, and a general lack of knowledge.
When we know that something must eventually happen and that it happens to everyone why should we get it into our heads to oppose it?
Indeed!
Please don’t let my prayers be in vain, Hamlet.
I beg you, stay with us.
Don’t return to Wittenberg.
I’ll obey you as best I can, madam.
That loving response is what I hoped for: stay with us in Denmark.
My dear wife, come.
Hello, my lord.
I’m pleased to see you doing well.
You are Horatio, right?
Or am I mistaken?
I am Horatio, my lord, your loyal servant forever.
Sir, my good friend, not my servant.
Why are you not at Wittenberg, Horatio?
Oh, Marcellus!
My good lord.
So nice to see you.
Hello, sir.
But what are you doing away from Wittenberg, Horatio?
I have the heart of a dropout, my good lord.
I wouldn’t let your enemies say that about you, so I won’t let you say it or believe you if you did.
I know you’d never drop out.
So why are you here at Elsinore?
I’ll teach you to drink deeply before you leave.
My lord, I came to attend your father’s funeral.
Please, don’t make fun of me, my fellow student.
I think you came to see my mother’s wedding.
Well, my lord, it’s true the wedding came soon after the funeral.
It’s called being frugal, Horatio.
The leftovers from the funeral dinner made a great cold lunch for the wedding.
Horatio, I would rather have met my worst enemy in heaven than have lived to see that awful day!
My father I think I see my father.
Where, sir?
In my imagination, Horatio.
I saw him once.
He was an impressive king.
He was a great man, perfect in all things.
I’ll never see his equal again.
My lord, I think I saw him last night.
Saw who?
The king your father, my lord.
The king my father?
!
Hold back your excitement for a while, and listen while I tell you about this astonishing thing, with these two gentlemen as my witnesses.
For God’s sake, let me hear it.
Where did this happen?
On the platform where we stand guard, my lord.
Didn’t you talk to it?
I did, my lord.
That’s very strange.
I swear on my life that it’s true, my lord.
We thought that it was our duty to tell you about it.
Yes, you’re right.
but I’m disturbed by this story.
The ghost was armed, you say?
From head to toe?
Then you didn’t see his face?
Oh, yes, we could, my lord.
He had his helmet visor up.
Did he look angry?
His expression looked more sad than angry.
Was he pale or flushed?
Very pale.
Did he look straight at you?
The entire time.
I wish I’d been there.
You would have been shocked and amazed.
I’m sure I would have.
Did it stay a long time?
Not the time I saw it.
His beard was gray, right?
It was, just as it looked when I saw it when he was alive: dark brown with silver streaks.
I’ll join you for guard duty tonight.
Perhaps the ghost will appear again.
I bet it will.
If it looks like my noble father, I’ll speak to it, even if Hell itself opens up and tells me to be quiet.
I beg all of you, if you’ve kept this a secret so far, continue to be silent.
And whatever happens tonight, think about it, but don’t discuss it with anyone.
I’ll do the same.
So goodbye.
I’ll come see you on the guards’ platform between eleven and twelve.
Instead give me your friendship, just as I give mine to you.
Goodbye.
My father’s ghost, wearing armor.
This is not good.
I suspect some foul play.
I wish it were night already!
Until then, I must stay calm.
Bad deeds will always be revealed, no matter how deeply they’ve been buried.
My belongings are on the ship.
Goodbye.
And, sister, as long as the winds are blowing and ships are traveling, make sure to send me news.
Do you doubt I will?
No more than a single minute?
Think of it that way, at least.
I’ll take your wise words and hold them close to my heart.
But, my good brother, don’t be like a bad priest who does not follow his own advice, preaching about the need to follow the strict and righteous path to heaven while like a reckless playboy he pursues pleasure.
Don’t worry about me.
I should be on the ship by now.
And here comes our father.
Still here, Laertes?
Get going, get going shame on you!
The wind gusts in the sails of your ship, and yet it is forced to wait for you.
Here, I give you my blessing.
I will humbly be on my way, my lord.
The time is right.
Go.
Your servants await you.
It’s locked away in my memory, and you have the key.
Goodbye.
What did he say to you, Ophelia?
Something about the Lord Hamlet.
He did?
Father, lately he has offered his affection for me, many times.
“Affection!
I don’t know what I should think, my lord.
Then I’ll explain to you.
Think of yourself as a foolish child for believing that these “offers” are something real.
Give yourself more respect, or not to beat this phrase to death, continuing on like this you’ll “offer” me the chance to look like a fool.
My lord, he’s always talked about his love for me in an honorable fashion
Yes, “fashion,” that’s the right word for it.
Come on now.
And he’s backed up his words of love with nearly every holy vow.
Yes, vows that are like traps for birds.
I know that when a man’s blood burns, he’ll be quick to swear to anything.
I will obey, my lord.
The air bites wickedly.
It is very cold.
Yes, the air is nipping and sharp.
What time is it now?
Just before twelve, I think.
No, the clock struck twelve.
Really?
I didn’t hear it.
So it’s getting close to the time when the ghost usually appears.
What does that mean, sir?
Is that a tradition?
It is.
But in my opinion though I was born here and should think it natural I’d say it’s a custom that we’d be better off ignoring rather than observing.
Countries to the east and west mock and criticize us for our partying.
They call us drunks and pigs, staining our reputation.
And they’re right our behavior does reduce our achievements, despite their greatness, because it is a flaw in our core qualities.
Look, here comes the ghost, my lord!
Angels protect us!
Whether you’re a good spirit bringing breezes from heaven, or an evil demon wielding hell fire, whether your intentions are wicked or friendly, you appear in a shape that invites so many questions that I must speak to you.
I’ll call you “Hamlet,” “King,” “Father,” “royal Dane.
” Oh, answer me!
It motions you to go off with it, as if it wants to say something to you alone.
Look how politely it’s directing you to go to a spot that’s farther away.
But don’t go with it.
No, by all means do not.
It’s not going to speak here.
So I will follow it.
Don’t, my lord.
Why, what should I fear?
It’s still waving to me.
Go on, I’ll follow you.
You will not go, my lord.
Let go of me.
Listen to us.
You must not go.
My fate calls out to me, making every sinew of my body as taut as those of the legendary Nemean lion .
The ghost still motions for me.
Let go of me, gentlemen.
By God, I’ll make a ghost of any of you who holds me back!
I say, move away!
Go on.
I’ll follow you.
His wild thoughts have made him desperate.
Let’s follow him.
It’s not right for us to obey his orders to stay away.
Let’s go after him.
But what does all this mean?
That something is wrong in the state of Denmark.
God will determine what will come of all this.
No, let’s follow him.
Where are you leading me?
Speak.
Listen to me.
I will.
The hour has almost come when I must return to the torment of the flames of purgatory.
Oh no, poor ghost!
Speak.
I promise to listen.
Then you must promise to avenge my death, too, when you hear what I say.
What?
Oh God!
Take revenge for his awful and horrible murder.
Murder?
His most awful murder.
Tell me quickly about it, so that I can rush to take revenge, even faster than a person can think thoughts of love.
Oh, my far seeing soul!
My uncle?
Oh, all you angels of heaven!
Oh, everyone on earth!
What else?
Should I include hell too?
Oh, curses!
Keep beating, my heart, and muscles, don’t grow suddenly old hold me upright.
Remember you?
Yes, you poor ghost, as long as I have any memory in my distracted head.
Remember you?
My lord, my lord!
Lord Hamlet
God protect him!
So be it.
Hello, hello there, my lord!
Hello, hello there, boy!
Come to me.
What happened, my noble lord?
What did you learn, my lord?
Oh, it was amazing!
My lord, tell us.
No.
You’ll reveal my secret.
I swear to God I won’t, my lord.
Nor will I, my lord.
There’s not a villain in Denmark who isn’t a complete liar .
My lord, we didn’t need a ghost returning from the grave to tell us that.
Why, right, you are right.
So, with that, I’d say that the best thing would be for us to shake hands and go our separate ways.
Your words are wild and meaningless, my lord.
I’m very sorry they offended you.
Yes, by God, very sorry.
There was no offense, my lord.
Ah, but I swear by Saint Patrick that there is, Horatio.
What is it, my lord?
We’ll do it.
Never tell anyone what you’ve seen tonight.
No, you must swear it.
I swear to God I won’t.
Nor I, my lord, I swear to God.
Swear on my sword.
But we swore already, my lord.
True, but still, swear on my sword.
Swear!
Aha, do you say so, boy?
Are you down there, my trusty fellow?
Come on, you heard the man down in the basement.
Agree to swear.
Tell us what to swear, my lord.
Never to speak of what you’ve seen.
Swear by my sword.
Swear.
You’re everywhere, huh?
We’ll move somewhere else.
Come over here, gentlemen, and rest your hands once more on my sword.
Swear by my sword never to speak of what you’ve heard.
Swear by his sword.
That’s right, old mole.
Can you really move through the dirt so quickly?
What a miner you are!
Let’s move once more, my friends.
Oh, by God, this is incredibly strange.
So welcome it like a stranger.
Horatio, there are more things in heaven and earth than you can dream of with all your scientific learning.
Swear.
Rest, rest, unhappy ghost!
Give Laertes this money and these letters, Reynaldo.
I will, my lord.
Good Reynaldo, it would be extremely wise of you to ask around about his behavior before you visit him.
That was my plan, my lord.
Excellent, good, good.
Yes, very well, my lord.
You should say, “I know him a little, but not well.
I think, from what I’ve heard, that he’s very wild, and addicted to this and that.
Like gambling, sir?
Yes, or drinking, dueling, swearing, fighting, going to prostitutes that sort of thing.
My lord, that would bring dishonor on him!
Oh, no, not if you say it with the right spin.
You shouldn’t say that he’s sexually indulgent, that’s not what I mean.
But, my lord
Why should you do this?
Yes, my lord.
I would like to know that.
I understand, sir.
And then, sir, he’ll …after he does that … he’ll … What was I about to say?
By God, I was about to say something.
Where did I leave off?
At, “he’ll mark his agreement by saying sir, or friend, or gentleman.
”
“He’ll mark his agreement by saying….
” Yes, right.
He’ll respond like this: “I know the gentleman.
I do, my lord.
God bless you.
Goodbye.
My good lord.
Make sure to observe him also with your own eyes.
I will, my lord.
I hope he’s studying his music as he’s supposed to.
I understand, my lord.
Goodbye.
How are you, Ophelia?
What’s the matter?
Oh, my lord, my lord, I’ve had a terrible scare!
From what, in God’s name?
Is he madly in love with you?
Father, I don’t know.
But to be honest, I think he might be.
What did he say?
Come with me to see the king.
No, my good lord.
But I followed your commands and sent back his letters and refused to let him see me.
That has driven him crazy.
I’m sorry that I didn’t observe him more closely.
Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
Not only have I wanted to see you, but I also urgently need your help, which is why I sent for you.
You may have heard about Hamlet’s recent “transformation” that’s the right word, since he’s changed both inside and out from what he was before.
Gentlemen, Hamlet’s talked about you a lot.
Based on the power you have over us as your subjects, both your Majesties could have ordered us to follow your command, instead of asking us.
Thanks, Rosencrantz and worthy Guildenstern.
Thanks, Guildenstern and worthy Rosencrantz.
I beg you to immediately visit my son, who’s changed too much.
Go, servants, and bring these gentlemen to Hamlet.
I hope God makes us able to bring him help and happiness!
Yes, amen!
The ambassadors have returned from Norway in great spirits, my good lord.
You once more have brought good news.
Have I, my lord?
Oh, tell me!
I’d love to hear it.
First, let the ambassadors come in.
My news will be like the dessert to the feast that is their news.
Please go to them yourself, and bring them in.
My dear Gertrude, he says he’s discovered the cause of your son’s anger and moodiness.
I doubt it’s anything other than the obvious reason: his father’s death and our overly quick marriage.
Well, we’ll investigate until we figure it out.
Welcome, my good friends.
So, Voltemand, what’s the news from the King of Norway?
And our greetings to you.
The moment we spoke with the king, he moved to put a stop to his nephew’s war preparations which he had thought were directed against Poland, but, when he looked closer, he saw were directed against you.
This is good news, and when I have more time to concentrate, I’ll read this, think about it, and reply.
Meanwhile, thank you for your work.
Go now, and rest.
Tonight we’ll feast.
And welcome home!
That’s a good outcome to this situation.
More substance, less style.
Madam, I swear I’m using no style at all.
It's true that he’s crazy.
This is from Hamlet to Ophelia?
Madam, please be patient.
I’ll read it as its written.
“You may doubt that the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun moves across the sky, Doubt if the truth is actually a liar, But never doubt my love.
Oh, sweet Ophelia, I’m bad at poetry.
And how did she respond to his love?
What is your opinion of me?
You are a loyal and honorable man.
I would gladly prove that I am.
Do you think this is the cause of Hamlet’s behavior?
It may be, it very well may be.
Has there ever been a time I’d gladly like to know when I’ve definitively said something was true, and it turned out not to be true?
Not that I know of.
Take my head from my body if I’m wrong.
I’ll follow the evidence and discover the truth, even if it’s hidden at the center of the earth.
How can we test your theory?
Well, you know he sometimes walks here in the main hall for four hours at a time.
Yes, he does indeed.
During one such time, I’ll send my daughter to see him.
You and I will hide behind the tapestry and observe their encounter.
If he does not love her and has not lost his sense because of it, then I should not be your assistant in statecraft and should instead go work on a farm.
We’ll try it.
Look how sadly he’s coming in, reading.
I beg you, please go away, both of you.
I’ll speak to him now.
Oh, please leave me to do it.
How do you do, Lord Hamlet?
Fine, thank you.
Do you know who I am, my lord?
Of course.
You are a fish seller.
No, not me, my lord.
Then I wish you were as honorable a man as a fish seller.
Honorable, my lord?
Yes, sir.
In this world of ours, just one man in ten thousand is honorable.
That’s very true, my lord.
Because if the sun breeds maggots on a dead dog, kissing the corpse with its rays do you have a daughter?
I do, my lord.
Don’t let her walk out in the sun.
Pregnancy is a blessing, but if your daughter gets pregnant –think about it, friend.
What does that mean?
Still focused on my daughter.
But he didn’t recognize me at first.
He thought I was a fish seller.
He’s far gone, far gone.
And yet it’s true that when I was young I suffered terribly for love, almost as badly as Hamlet.
I’ll talk to him again.
Words, words, words.
What is the subject?
Between whom?
I mean, the subject of what you’re reading?
Oh, lies, sir.
There’s a method to his madness.
Will you come in from outside, my lord?
Into my grave.
Well, that’s certainly not outside.
His answers sometimes seem so full of meaning!
That’s a talent that many insane people share, and that is less evident in people who are sane.
I’ll leave him now and arrange a way for him to run into my daughter.
My noble lord, I’ll now humbly leave you.
There’s nothing I would more willingly give up than that except my life, except my life, except my life.
Take care, my lord.
These boring old fools!
You’re looking for Lord Hamlet.
There he is.
Thank you, sir.
My honorable lord!
My most dear lord!
Ah, my good old friends!
How are you, Guildenstern?
And Rosencrantz!
Good friends, how are you both doing?
As well as any old average man.
Happy that we’re not too happy.
We’re not exactly the luckiest men in the world.
But not the unluckiest either, right?
Neither, my lord.
So you’re hanging around Lady Luck’s waist, right in the middle of her favors?
Yup, we’re like privates in her army.
You’re in Lady Luck’s private parts?
Ah, it’s true.
She is a whore.
So what’s the news?
Nothing other than that the world’s become honest, , my lord.
Then the end of the world must be coming.
But you’re wrong.
Prison, my lord?
Denmark’s a prison.
Then the whole world is one as well.
A big one, with lots of cells and dungeons Denmark being one of the worst.
We don’t think so, my lord.
Well, then it isn’t one to you, since nothing is inherently good or bad it’s what you think of it that makes it so.
To is a prison.
It must be your ambition that makes it one.
It’s too small for your big ideas.
Oh God, I could be trapped inside a nutshell and consider myself a king of infinite space, if only I didn’t have bad dreams.
A dream is itself just a shadow.
True, and I’d argue that ambition is so light and airy that it’s just a shadow of a shadow.
Not at all.
To visit you, my lord.
What should we say, my lord?
Anything, as long as it answers my question.
Why would they do that, my lord?
You'll have to tell me that.
What do you think?
My lord, we were sent for.
I’ll tell you why.
That way you won’t have to reveal anything, and you can preserve the secrecy you promised to the king and queen.
My lord, I wasn’t thinking that at all.
Why did you laugh, then, when I said that men don’t delight me?
My lord, I was thinking that if men don’t delight you, what a poor welcome you’ll give the coming troupe of actors.
We crossed paths with them as we were on our way here, and they’re coming to entertain you.
The one who plays the part of the king will be particularly welcome.
He will be treated like a true king.
The adventurous knight will get to use his sword and shield; the lover’s sighs will not go unrewarded; the crazy one will be allowed to finish without interruption; the clown will make everybody who laughs easily laugh; and the lady will get to speak her mind completely or else I’ll stop the play.
Which troupe is it?
The troupe you used to love so much, the actors from the city who perform tragedies.
Why are they traveling?
They’re better known in the city and make more money there.
New theatrical fads in the city have made it more difficult for the troupe to do well there.
Are they as popular as they were when I was in the city?
Do they still draw crowds?
No, they don’t.
Why not?
Are they getting rusty?
No, they’re as good as they always were.
But they now have to compete with troupes of child actors who shout out their lines and get unbelievable applause for it.
What, they’re actually children?
Who takes care of them?
Who supports them financially?
Will they stop working once their voices change during puberty?
Once they’ve grown to be adult actors   , won’t these children complain that their former playwrights have done them wrong by causing harm to the profession of acting?
I swear, there’s been a big debate on the topic, with strong opinions on both sides.
For a while, no one could even sell a play unless the play contained a scene in which a poet and an actor had a fistfight.
Can that be possible?
Oh, there’s been a lot of arguing.
The boys are winning?
Yes, they are, my lord.
Actually, it’s not so strange.
My uncle is King of Denmark, and the same people who made fun of him when my father was alive now pay twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred gold coins apiece for a little painting of him.
There are the actors.
Gentlemen, welcome to Elsinore.
Now come, shake my hand.
Giving a proper welcome is a matter of following the current customs.
Let’s follow the customs, then, so that my exuberant welcome to the players doesn’t make it seem like I’m happier to see them than I am to see you.
You are welcome here.
Even so, my uncle father and aunt mother are confused.
In what way, my dear lord?
I’m only crazy at certain times.
At others, I know exactly what’s happening.
Gentlemen, I hope you’re well.
Now listen, Guildenstern, and you too, Rosencrantz each of you listen close.
That big baby you see there is still wearing diapers.
It’s his second time around, as they say since an old man is like a child again.
I predict he’s coming to tell me about the actors.
Watch.
You’re correct, sir.
On Monday morning, that was it.
My lord, I have news to tell you.
My lord, I have news to tell you.
When Roscius was an actor in Rome
The actors have arrived, my lord.
Gossip, gossip.
I swear
Then each actor came in on his ass.
They’re the best actors in the world, for all sorts of plays tragic, comic, historical, pastoral, pastoral comical, historical pastoral, tragical historical, tragical comical  historical, one act plays, or epic poems.
Oh, Jephthah, judge of ancient Israel, what a treasure you had!
What treasure did he have, my lord?
Well,  One fine daughter, and no more, Whom he loved beyond all others
Still focused on my daughter.
Aren’t I right, old man Jephthah?
My lord, if you’re calling me Jephthah, I do have a daughter I love beyond all other things.
No, you don’t understand.
What should I understand, then, my lord?
Why, "as if by chance, God knows," and then, you know, "it happened, as was most likely expect" you can learn more by looking at the first verse of the popular song, because I’m stopping now.
You are welcome.
Welcome to all of you!
I’m glad to see you doing well.
Welcome, my good friends.
Oh, it’s you, old friend!
You’ve grown a beard since I last saw you.
Have you come to put a beard on me?
Which speech, my lord?
I heard you recite a speech for me once that was never acted on stage.
Or, if it was, not more than once because the play I remember didn’t please the masses.
It was like caviar for the masses too sophisticated for them.
But I, along with the better informed critics, thought that it was excellent, with scenes that flowed one to the next and written in language that was clever and yet not overdone.
By God, my lord, well done with the right accent and capturing all the meaning.
Soon he finds Priam vainly fighting off the Greeks.
His old sword, too heavy for him to wield, lies where it fell, refusing his commands.
This speech is too long.
We’ll trim it later, along with your beard.
Please, continue with your speech.
If it’s not a comic dance or sex scene, this man here falls to sleep.
But who ah, sadness had seen the muffled queen
“The muffled queen?”
That’s good.
“The muffled queen” is good.
Look how he’s gone pale, and has tears in his eyes.
Please, no more.
Very good.
I’ll have you perform the rest of it soon.
My lord, please make sure the actors are given comfortable rooms.
My lord, I will give them all they deserve.
By God, man, give them more than that!
If you gave everyone just what they deserved, would anyone ever escape a whipping?
How you treat them speaks to your honor and dignity.
The less they deserve, the more merit you’ll earn through your generosity.
Bring them inside.
Come with me, sirs.
Follow him, friends.
We’ll watch a play tomorrow.
Yes, my lord.
We’ll see that play tomorrow night.
If I were to write a speech of twelve to sixteen lines to insert into the play, you could, if necessary, learn it for tomorrow’s performance, right?
Yes, my lord.
Very well.
Follow that gentleman, and please don’t make fun of him.
My good friends, I’ll see you tonight.
Welcome to Elsinore.
Yes, my good lord.
Goodbye to you both.
ROSENCRANTZ and GUILDENSTERN exit.
Now I’m alone.
Oh, what a low life scoundrel I am!
And the two of you haven’t been able to figure out why he’s acting so oddly, with a dangerous lunacy that’s such a huge shift from his earlier calm and quiet behavior?
He admits he feels somewhat crazy, but won’t talk about the cause.
And he’s not willing to be questioned.
His insanity is sly and smart, and he slips away from our questions when we try to get him to tell us about how he’s feeling.
Did he treat you well?
Yes, he treated us like a gentleman.
He didn’t ask many questions, but answered our questions extensively.
Did you try to get him to do something fun?
Madam, as it happened, we crossed paths with some actors on the way here.
When we mentioned them to Hamlet, he seemed to feel a kind of joy.
They are at the court now, and I think they’ve been told to perform for him tonight.
That’s true, and he asked me to beg both of you, your Majesties, to come and watch.
With all my heart, I’m glad to hear of his interest.
Gentlemen, try to nurture this interest of his, and keep him focused on these amusements.
We will, my lord.
I’ll do as you ask.
As for you, Ophelia, I hope that your beauty is the reason for Hamlet’s insane behavior.
I hope also that your virtues will get him to return to normality, for both of your benefits.
I hope it too, madam.
Ophelia, walk over here.
Your Majesty, if you agree, let’s go hide.
Read this prayer book, to make you’re being alone seem natural.
Oh, that's all too true!
I hear him coming.
Quick, let’s hide, my lord.
To live, or to die?
My good lord, how have you been doing these last few days?
Thank you for asking.
Well, well, well.
My lord, I have some mementos of yours that I’ve been wanting to return to you for a while.
Please take them back.
No, it wasn’t me.
Ha ha, are you pure?
Excuse me?
Are you beautiful?
What do you mean?
That if you’re pure and beautiful, your purity should be unconnected to your beauty.
But, my lord, could beauty be related to anything better than purity?
Yes, definitely, because the power of beauty is more likely to change a good girl into a whore than the power of purity is likely to change a beautiful girl into a virgin.
This used to be a great puzzle, but now I’ve solved it.
I used to love you.
Yes, my lord, you made me believe you did.
I fell for your trick, then.
Go to a convent .
Why would you want to give birth to sinners?
He’s at home, my lord.
May he get locked in, so he can play the fool in his own home only.
Goodbye.
Oh, dear God, please help him!
Dear God, make him sane again!
And I know all about you women and your make up.
God gives you one face, but you use make up to give yourself another.
You dance and sway as you walk, and talk in a cutesy way.
Oh, his great mind has been overcome by insanity!
Love?
His feelings don’t move in that direction.
And his words although they were a bit all over the place weren’t crazy.
It should work.
But I still think that the cause of his madness was unrequited love.
Hello, Ophelia.
You don’t have to tell us what Lord Hamlet said.
We heard it all.
My lord, do whatever you like.
That’s what we’ll do.
Madness in important people must be closely watched.
Please repeat the speech just as I said it to you smoothly and easily.
If you exaggerate it in the way so many current actors do, I’d rather have the town crier say the lines.
I’ll do as you ask.
I hope we’ve removed that fault almost entirely from our acting company, sir.
Oh, get rid of it completely.
What’s the news, my lord?
Will the king come to see the performance?
Yes, and the queen too, and soon.
Tell the actors to hurry.
Will you two help to speed the actors along?
Yes, my lord.
Hello, Horatio!
My dear lord, here I am at your service.
Horatio, you are as much what a man should be as any I have ever met.
Oh, my dear lord
No, don’t think I’m flattering you.
What could I hope to get from you, who has nothing other than your good graces to support you?
Why would anyone flatter a poor person?
No, only flatter the rich, or bow to those who might respond to your fawning with money or favors.
Do you understand me?
Very well, my lord.
They’re coming.
I must look like I’m doing nothing.
Find a seat.
How do you fare, my nephew Hamlet?
Excellent!
I don’t know what you’re saying, Hamlet.
These words don’t answer my question.
No, nor mine.
My lord, you were in plays during college, right?
That I was, my lord.
What role did you play?
I played Julius Caesar.
I was killed in the Capitol.
Brutus killed me.
That was brutish of him to kill so capital a man.
Are the actors ready?
Yes, my lord.
They wait only for you to call them.
Come here, my dear Hamlet.
No thanks, my good mother.
Here’s something more attractive.
Aha!
My lady, should I lie in your lap ?
No, my lord.
I mean, put my head in your lap?
Yes, my lord.
Did you think I was talking about sex?
I think nothing, my lord.
That’s a nice thought to lie between a girl’s legs.
What is, my lord?
Nothing .
You’re happy tonight, my lord.
Who, me?
Yes, my lord.
Oh, God the ultimate puppeteer.
What else can a man do but be happy?
For example, look how cheerful my mother is and my father’s been dead for just two hours.
No, my lord, it’s been four months.
That long?
Well, then may the devil wear black mourning clothes, while I go about in a suit of fine fur.
Heaven forbid!
He’s been dead for two months already and hasn’t been forgotten yet?
I guess there’s hope that memories of a great man may outlive him by six months.
But, by God , he must build churches for that to happen, or else he’ll have to put up with being forgotten, like the hobby horse in the popular song: “Hey ho, hey ho, the hobby horse is forgotten.
”
What does this mean, my lord?
This means we’re having some mischievous fun.
This pantomime most likely gives a sense of the plot of the play.
We’ll learn the truth from this fellow.
Actors can’t keep secrets.
They’ll tell all.
Will he tell us what that pantomime meant?
Yes, or anything else you show him.
If you’re not ashamed to show it, he won’t be ashamed to tell you what it means.
You’re just naughty, naughty.
I’m watching the play.
Appealing to your forgiving nature, we beg you patiently to watch us perform our tragedy.
Was that a prologue or the inscription on a ring?
It was short, my lord.
As short as a woman’s love.
The earth circled the sun thirty times; and the moon has waxed and waned over the ocean; and the earth for thirty times twelve months, since love joined our hearts and Hymen joined our hands in the sacred bonds of marriage.
May we continue to love each other for another thirty years.
But I am sad.
You’ve been so sick recently so different from your former cheerful self that I worry about you.
But though I worry, don’t let it upset you, my lord.
In truth, I will soon have to leave you, love.
My body is growing weak, ceasing to function.
Oh, curse everyone else!
Loving another would be treason in my heart.
May I be cursed if I take a second husband.
Only a woman who killed her first husband would marry a second.
That’s bitter!
The reasons for a second marriage might be money, but never love.
When my second husband kissed me in bed, it would be like killing my first husband again.
What if she breaks that vow?
You swear sincerely.
Sweetheart, leave me alone a while.
I’m getting sleepy, and I would like to escape this tiresome day by going to sleep.
May you sleep well, and may no twist of fate ever come between us.
Madam, how do you like this play?
The lady’s promising a bit much, I think.
Oh, but she’ll keep her word.
Do you know the plot?
Is there anything offensive in it?
No, no, it’s just pretend.
Just a little joke.
Not offensive at all.
What’s the title of the play?
The Mousetrap.
Indeed, why?
It’s a metaphor.
This play re  enacts a murder committed in Vienna.
Gonzago is the duke’s name, and his wife is Baptista.
You’ll see soon.
It’s really a mischievous piece of work, but who cares?
You and I have clear consciences, so it doesn’t concern us.
Let the guilty flinch.
This is Lucianus, the king’s nephew.
You’re as good as a play by play announcer, my lord.
You are witty, my lord, and sharp.
You could take my edge off, but doing it might make you moan.
Your jokes get better, even as your manners get worse.
He poisons the king in the garden to get the kingdom.
The king’s name is Gonzago.
The original story was written in Italian.
You’ll see shortly how the murderer wins the love of Gonzago’s wife.
The king is standing up.
What is he scared of a gun firing a blank?
My lord, how are you feeling?
Stop the play.
Turn on the lights.
Lights, lights, lights!
Let the deer that’s been shot go weep alone, while the uninjured deer plays.
For some must watch while others must sleep that’s the way of the world.
A whole share for me.
For you know, my dearest Damon, that this kingdom lost Its Jove like king.
And now who rules?
You could have at least rhymed .
Very well, my lord.
When the actors mentioned the poison?
I watched him closely.
Aha!
Hey, some music please!
Play your flutes!
For if the king does not like the play, then, that’s it he does not like it, I say.
Come on now, music!
My lord, might I have a word with you?
You can have a whole story.
The king, sir
Yes, what about him?
He’s in his chambers now, and very upset.
He has an upset stomach from drinking too much?
No, my lord, he’s angry.
You’d be a lot smarter if you told this to a doctor.
If I were to treat him, he would only end up angrier.
My lord, please try to make sense and not to veer on such wild tangents from the point of my question.
I’ll behave, sir.
Speak.
The queen your mother, who is extremely unhappy, has sent me to you.
You are very welcome here.
No, my lord, your polite words don’t make any sense in this situation.
If you’d be so kind as to give me a real answer, I’ll carry out your mother’s request.
If not, I’ll say goodbye and that’ll be the end of my business.
Sir, I can’t.
Can’t what, my lord?
Give you a real answer.
My mind is not right.
But I’ll try to give the best answer I can to you or rather, to my mother.
Therefore, let’s get to the point.
My mother, you say
She says that your behavior has shocked astonished her.
Oh, what a wonderful son I am to be able to impress my mother!
But what are the details of my mother’s admiration?
Explain.
She wants to speak with you in her bedroom before you go to bed.
I will obey, as if she were ten times my mother.
Have you any other business with me?
My lord, you once liked me.
And I still do, I swear by my hands.
My lord, what’s the cause of your anger?
You’re locking yourself into a prison by refusing to reveal your problems to your friends.
Sir, I have no future prospects.
How can that be, when the king himself has proclaimed you the heir to the Danish throne?
Yes, but as the proverb goes, “While the grass grows…” Though that is an old, stale proverb.
Oh, the recorders!
I don’t understand you.
Will you play this recorder?
My lord, I can’t.
Please.
Believe me, I can’t.
I beg you.
I don’t know how, my lord.
It’s as easy as lying.
Cover these holes with your fingers and thumb and blow into it, and it will produce the most beautiful music.
See, here are the holes.
But I can’t play any kind of song or melody.
I don’t have the skill.
Well, look at that, how you treat me like such a fool.
God bless you, sir.
My lord, the queen would like to speak with you right away.
Do you see the cloud over there that looks almost like a camel?
By God, it does look like a camel.
To me it looks like a weasel.
Its back is like a weasel’s.
Or like a whale.
Very much like a whale.
I’ll come to see my mother soon.
I’ll tell her that.
It’s easy enough to say “soon.
Leave me alone, my friends.
It’s now the time of night when witches roam, when graveyards open and the stench of hell breathes sickness into the world.
Now I could drink hot blood and do things so terrible it would make people tremble the next day.
But wait, I must now go to see my mother.
Oh, my heart, do not lose your humanity, don’t let yourself become like Nero .
Let me be cruel, but not inhuman.
I’ll speak to her as sharply as a dagger, but not use a dagger.
We’ll get ourselves ready.
Please, prepare yourselves for this trip.
We’ll put chains on this danger that’s now running free.
My lord, Hamlet’s going to his mother’s room.
I’ll hide behind the tapestry to listen in.
I bet she’ll let him have it.
And as you said   , it’s good to have someone other than a mother listening to what he says since, as a mother, she naturally loves him.
Goodbye, my lord.
I’ll come to see you before you go to bed, and tell you what I’ve learned.
Thanks, my dear lord.
Oh, my crime is foul.
It stinks all the way to heaven.
It is the oldest , and worst, of all crimes: a brother’s murder.
I can’t pray.
Now I could do it.
Now as he’s praying.
And now I’ll do it.
And so he’ll go to heaven, and I’ll have my revenge.
Wait, that needs more thought.
My words fly up to the sky, but my thoughts remain down here.
Words without thoughts will never get to heaven.
He’ll be here right away.
Be sure to really yell at him.
Tell him his pranks have been too big to ignore, and that you have protected him from feeling the full heat of their consequences.
I’ll be silent, right here.
Please, be tough with him.
Mother, mother, mother!
I’ll do as you say.
Don’t worry.
Hide, I hear him coming.
Now, mother, what’s the matter?
Hamlet, you have insulted your father.
Mother, you have insulted my father.
Come now, you answer is foolish.
Go on, your question is wicked.
Hamlet, what, why?
What’s the matter now?
Have you forgotten who I am?
By the Holy Cross, no.
You are the queen, your husband’s brother’s wife, and though I wish it wasn’t so you are my mother.
Well then, I’ll go get someone who will speak and make you listen.
Come now, sit down.
Don't budge.
You will not leave until I hold a mirror up to you, so that you can see the inner most part of yourself.
What are you going to do?
Would you murder me?
Help, help, hey!
Hey!
Help, help, help!
What’s this, a rat?
I’ll bet a gold coin that he’s dead now.
Oh, I’ve been killed!
Oh my God, what have you done?
I don’t know.
Is it the king?
Oh, what a reckless, bloody act!
A bloody act?
Almost as bad, my good mother, as killing a king and marrying his brother.
Killing a king?
Yes, lady, that’s what I said.
You sad, silly, interfering fool, goodbye.
I mistook you for your superior.
What have I done that you dare to talk to me so rudely?
Oh no, what have I done that sounds so terrible even though I don’t yet know what it is?
Look at this picture here and at that one there, the painted portraits of two brothers.
See the saintly goodness in this face?
Oh, Hamlet, no more!
You’re forcing me to look into my very soul, where the marks of sin are so black they’ll never be cleaned away.
Yes, and how could you lie in the rank sweat of your dirty sheets, wet with corruption, making love in this gross pigpen
Oh, please, stop speaking to me!
Your words are like daggers stabbing my ears.
No more, sweet Hamlet.
A murderer and a villain; a scoundrel who’s not worth even a twentieth of ten percent of your previous husband; an awful king; a thief of the throne and the kingdom, who stole the precious crown from a shelf and put it in his pocket
No more!
A patched up king  The GHOST enters.
Heavenly angels, protect me with your wings!
What do you want me to do, my gracious lord?
Oh no!
Have you come to scold your tardy son for delaying and losing his passion, and failing to carry out your deadly command?
Tell me!
Don’t forget.
I’ve come to sharpen your almost dulled sense of revenge.
But look, your mother is astonished.
Oh, protect her from her struggling soul.
The imagination works strongest in those with the weakest bodies.
Speak to her, Hamlet.
How are you doing, madam?
Oh, how are you doing, since you stare into empty space and talk to the air?
At him, at him!
Look how pale he is and how he glares at me.
Who are you talking to?
You don’t see anything there?
Nothing at all, other than what’s there.
And you don’t hear anything?
No, nothing but us.
See, look there!
This is all in your mind.
Madness is good at creating hallucinations.
Madness?
My heart beats just as evenly, and is in the same good health, as yours.
I’ve said nothing crazy.
Ask me to, and I’ll rephrase what I’ve said, which a crazy person wouldn’t be able to do.
Mother, for the love of God, don’t soothe your soul by saying that the problem is my madness and not your crime.
Oh, Hamlet, you’ve broken my heart in two!
Oh, then throw away the worse part, and live a purer life with the other half.
Good night but don’t sleep with my uncle tonight.
Pretend to be virtuous, even if you’re not.
What should I do?
I must go to England, did you know that?
Oh no, I’d forgotten.
It’s been decided.
The documents are signed and sealed, and my two schoolmates whom I’ll trust like I would a poisonous snake are the messengers.
They’re the ones who’ll lead me on to whatever trickery I’m going to face.
Let it come, because it’s fun to fix things so the engineer gets blow up by his own bombs.
Your deep, heavy sighs mean something.
You must tell me what they mean.
It’s important that I know.
Where’s your son?
Please leave us for a while.
Ah, my good lord, you wouldn’t believe what I’ve seen tonight!
What, Gertrude?
How is Hamlet ?
As mad as the waves and the wind when they struggle against each other in a storm.
In an insane rage, he hears something stir behind the tapestry, whips out his sword, and shouts “A rat, a rat!
” And with this crazy idea, he kills the good old man, who was hidden there.
Oh, what a terrible crime!
It would’ve happened to me if I’d been there.
His freedom is a threat to all of us to you, to me, to everyone.
How should we react to this violent deed?
Oh, Gertrude, let’s go.
My friends, go find others to help you.
In his insanity, Hamlet has killed Polonius and dragged him out of his mother’s bedroom.
Go find him and speak nicely to him, and bring the body into the chapel.
I beg you, hurry in this.
Safely hidden.
Hamlet, Lord Hamlet!
But wait, what’s that noise?
Who’s calling for Hamlet?
Oh, here they come.
What have you done with the dead body, my lord?
Gotten it dirty ashes to ashes, and dust to dust.
Tell us where it is, so we can take it to the chapel.
Don’t believe it.
Believe what?
That I’d take your advice and then keep my own secret.
Besides, to be questioned by a sponge!
How should the son of a king respond to a sponge?
You think that I’m a sponge, my lord?
Yes, sir, a sponge that soaks up the king’s approval, his rewards, and his decisions.
Officers like that give the king the best service in the end.
He keeps them in his mouth like an ape, moving them around from one side of his mouth to the other.
When he needs to know what you have learned, he can just squeeze you like a sponge, and then you’ll be dry again.
I don’t understand you, my lord.
I’m glad about that.
My lord, you must tell us where the body is, and then go with us to the king.
The body’s with the real king, but the current king’s not with the body.
The king’s a thing
A “thing,” my lord?
Of no importance.
Take me to him.
Actually, try and catch me!
I’ve sent men to find Hamlet and the body.
How dangerous it is to have this madman on the loose!
But we can’t just use the strong arm of the law on him.
He’s loved by the masses, who base their feelings on appearances instead of using good judgment.
They’ll focus on the punishment, not the crime.
So, sending him away suddenly must seem like it was long planned and carefully considered move.
Curing a fatal disease requires immediate treatment, or you won’t cure it at all.
What’s going on?
We can’t get him to tell us where he put the body.
But where is he?
Bring him to me.
Hey, Guildenstern!
Bring in my lord.
Now, Hamlet, where’s Polonius?
At dinner.
At dinner where?
Not where he’s eating, but where he’s being eaten.
A certain gathering of worms are working on him right now.
Worms are the kings of all eating.
We fatten up all creatures to feed ourselves and we fatten ourselves to eventually feed the worms.
A fat king and a skinny beggar are just different dishes at the same meal.
And that’s that.
Oh no, oh no!
A man can fish with a worm that ate a king, and then eat the fish he catches with that worm.
What do you mean by that?
Nothing, except to make it clear that a king can move through the guts of a beggar.
Where is Polonius?
In heaven.
Send a messager there if you want to be sure.
If your messenger can’t find him, you can check for him in hell yourself.
Now, if you don’t find him within the next month, you’ll smell him as you go upstairs into the main hall.
Go look for him there.
No need to hurry he’ll wait for you.
To England?
Yes, Hamlet.
Good.
Yes, it is, if you knew why I was sending you.
I know an angel who can read your mind.
But now, off to England!
Goodbye, dear mother.
I’m your loving father, Hamlet.
No, my mother.
When you married my mother, the two of you became one flesh, so if you’re my father you’re also my mother.
Come on, to England!
Follow him on foot, and hurry him onto the ship.
Don’t let there be any delays.
I want him gone tonight.
Gone!
I’ll do that, my lord.
Go on, then.
Good sir, whose troops are these?
The are from Norway, sir.
Please tell me, what’s their goal, sir?
They’re headed to invade some part of Poland.
Who commands them, sir?
The nephew of the old Norwegian king, Fortinbras.
Sir, is he attacking central Poland, or some borderlands?
To be honest, we’re going to fight for a little patch of ground that’s not worth anything beyond its name.
I wouldn’t even pay five gold coins for the right to own and farm it.
And it won't give either the Norwegians or the Poles more value than that, even if they sold it.
Well, then the Poles won’t even try to defend it.
They will.
God be with you, sir.
Will you please come now, my lord?
I’ll follow you right away.
Go on ahead of me.
Everything that I see shames me, and spurs me to sharpen my dulled efforts to get revenge.
I won’t speak to her.
She demands it.
In fact, she’s crazed.
What does she want?
She talks often of her father, and says she’s learned there are deceptions in the world, and coughs, and beats her chest, and takes offense at little things, and says things that don’t make sense.
Her words are meaningless yet those who hear her babbling attempt to understand its meaning.
It would be good for someone to speak to her, because her words might make people think dangerous things.
Bring her in.
Where is the beautiful queen of Denmark?
How are you, Ophelia?
Oh no, sweet lady, what’s the meaning of this song?
Did you say something?
No, please, listen.
No, listen, Ophelia
Please, listen.
Alas, look at this, my lord.
How are you, pretty lady?
I’m well.
May God reward you as you deserve.
They say the baker’s daughter was turned into an owl for refusing to answer Jesus’ request for bread.
She’s thinking about her dead father.
Please, let’s have no words about that, but when they ask you what it means, say this:
Pretty Ophelia
Yes, I’ll get to the end soon:
How long has she been like this?
I hope everything will be all right.
We must be patient, but I can’t stop crying when I think of how they laid him in the cold ground.
Follow her.
Watch her closely, please.
Oh, her terrible grief has poisoned her mind.
All a result of her father’s death look at her!
Oh, what’s that noise?
Where are my Swiss guards?
Let them guard the door.
What’s going on?
Save yourself, my lord.
How cheerfully they shout as they hunt the wrong prey!
Oh, this is wrong, you disloyal Danish dogs!
They've broken down the doors.
Where’s this king?
Gentlemen, wait outside.
No, let us in!
I beg you, give me a moment.
We will, we will.
Thank you.
Guard the door.
Oh, you vile king, give me my father!
Be calm, good Laertes.
What is the cause of this rebellion, Laertes?
Let him go, Gertrude.
Don’t worry that I’ll be hurt.
God protects the king, so that while traitors can see what they want to do, they cannot make it happen.
Tell me, Laertes, why you are so angry?
Gertrude, let him go.
Tell me, man.
Where is my father?
Dead.
But the king didn’t kill him.
Let him ask his questions.
How did he die?
I won’t be lied to.
To hell with my oaths of allegiance!
Vows can go to hell!
Conscience, too!
I don’t care if I’m damned.
I swear that I don’t care about what happens to me in this world or the next.
Who could stop you?
My own will, and nothing else in all the world.
I’ll gather up the little means I have, and use them so well that they’ll take me a long way.
Only his enemies.
Do you want to know who they are, then?
I’ll open my arms wide to his friends, and like a mother pelican with her chicks, I’ll give my own heart's blood for them.
Why, now you’re talking like a faithful son and a true gentleman.
What’s going on?
What’s that noise?
Oh, heat, dry up my brains!
Oh, salt in my tears, burn the vision out of my eyes!
By heaven, I’ll get revenge equal to the depth of your madness!
Oh, you rose of May, dear maiden, kind sister, sweet Ophelia!
Oh God, is it possible that a young woman’s mind could die as easily as an old man’s life?
Even if you were sane and urged me to take revenge, you couldn’t be more persuasive than this.
You have to sing, “A down a down,” and you, “Call him a  down a.
” Oh, how it turns around like a wheel!
This apparent nonsense has more meaning than rational speech.
Here’s some rosemary, that’s for remembering.
Please remember, love.
And here are pansies, they’re for thoughts.
Here’s fennel for you, and columbines .
And here’s rue for you, and some for me.
Sad thoughts, terrible suffering, hell itself she makes them almost graceful and pretty.
Oh, God: did you see this?
Laertes, let me share in your grief, or else you deny me my right.
Go and choose your wisest friends, and they will sit in judgment of us.
That’s what we’ll do.
The way he died, and his hushed up funeral without military display, noble rites, or formal ceremony all these things shout out as if heaven and earth themselves are demanding that I question the way he died.
As you should.
And may the great ax of justice fall on the guilty.
Please, come with me.
Who wants to speak with me?
Sailors, sir.
They say they have letters for you.
Bring them in.
I don’t know who else in the world would send me letters, except Lord Hamlet.
God bless you, sir.
May he bless you as well.
Sir, he will if it pleases him.
“Horatio, When you’ve read this, make sure these men see the king.
They have letters for him.
Before we were at sea for even two days, a pirate ship equipped for battle came after us.
Realizing we were too slow to escape, we were forced to fight, and during the battle I boarded the pirate ship.
At that moment, the pirates disengaged from our ship, making me their sole prisoner.
Now you must admit that I’m innocent, and accept me as a friend, since you’ve heard and been convinced that that the man who killed your father was actually trying to kill me.
It looks that way.
But explain to me why you didn't take legal action against Hamlet for his capital crimes when both your wisdom and your own safety must have demanded that you should?
Oh, for two key reasons which to you may seem weak to you, but yet to me are strong.
Don’t lose sleep over that.
You must not think that I’m so lazy and stupid that I will let someone threaten and mock me and act as if it’s just a game.
Soon you’ll hear more about my plans.
I loved your father, and I love myself.
And that, I hope, will help you see  A MESSENGER enters with letters.
Whats’ going on?
My lord, I have letters from Hamlet.
This one’s for your Highness, and this one is for the queen.

From Hamlet?
Who delivered them?
I was told that sailors did, my lord.
I didn’t see them.
Laertes, you will hear what these letters say.
Leave us now.
“Your majesty, I’ve been returned to your kingdom naked with nothing to call my own.
Tomorrow I’ll ask permission to meet with you, at which point I’ll first apologize and then tell the story of how I came back to Denmark so suddenly and strangely.
Hamlet” What does this mean?
Have all the others come back also?
Or is it some trick, and none of this is true?
Do you recognize the handwriting?
It’s Hamlet’s handwriting.
“Naked,” he says.
And in a postcript, he adds, “alone.
” What do you think about that?
It confuses me, my lord.
But let him come.
It warms my sick heart that I’ll get to look him in the face and say, “You did this.
”
If that’s how it should be, Laertes and why shouldn’t it?
How could it be otherwise?
Will you follow my orders?
Yes, my lord, as long as you won’t try to force me toward peace.
Only to your own peace of mind.
If he has returned, and now has no plans to continue his trip, then I’ll trick him into taking on some new challenge which I’m coming up with now that will surely kill him.
That seems only right.
Since you left, people have been talking about a quality of yours in which, they say, you shine and Hamlet has overheard it.
All your other talents together didn’t make him as envious as this one quality did, though to me it’s of the least importance.
What quality is that, my lord?
One of those decorative ribbons on the cap of youth yet a necessary one, too, since casual clothes are like the uniforms of youth, just as formal clothes are the necessary outfits of full maturity.
Two months ago, I met a gentleman from Normandy.
I’ve watched and fought against the French and know how well they ride, but this man’s skill was almost magical.
He was from Normandy?
From Normandy.
I swear by my life it must have been Lamond.
That’s who it was.
I know him well.
He’s the jewel of his country.
What’s the point, my lord?
Laertes, did you love your father?
Or are your putting on a show of grief a face without a heart?
How could you ask this?
Not because I think you didn’t love your father, but because I know that love exists in a particular time and place and that the passage of time can weaken the spark and fire of that love.
Cut Hamlet’s throat in the church.
I agree that no place should protect that murderer.
Revenge should have no limits.
But, good Laertes, will you do this: stay inside your room?
When Hamlet returns, he’ll learn that you’ve come home.
I’ll do it.
Let’s think more about this, and consider whether there’s anything else we’ll have the opportunity to do to ensure we get the outcome we want.
Drowned?
Oh, where?
There’s a willow that leans over the brook, with its white leaves hanging over the glassy water.
Ophelia came there making braided crowns from crowflowers, nettles, daisies, and those wild purple orchids that free spoken shepherds call by an obscene name, but which innocent girls call “dead men’s fingers.
Alas, then she drowned.
Drowned, drowned.
Poor Ophelia, you’ve had too much water already, so I won’t cry for you.
But crying is what humans do.
We all follow our natures, no matter what shame we feel for it.
When I’ve stopped crying, I’ll be done acting like a woman .
Goodbye, my lord.
I have fiery words I’d dearly like to say, but my foolish tears drown them.
Let’s follow him, Gertrude.
I had to do so much to calm him down!
Now I fear this might start him up again.
Therefore, let’s follow him.
Is she really going to receive a Christian burial after she took her own life?
I’m telling you, she is.
So make that grave immediately.
The coroner examined her says it should be a Christian funeral.
How can that be, unless she drowned herself in self  defense?
That’s exactly what they’ve determined.
They must mean “self offense.
” It couldn’t be anything else.
Here’s my point: if you drown yourself on purpose, then that’s an act.
An act has three sides to it: to act, to do, and to perform.
Therefore, she must have known she was drowning herself.
No, but listen to me, Mister Gravedigger
Let me finish.
Here’s the water, right?
Now here stands a man, right?
Is that the law?
Yes, indeed it is.
The coroner’s inquest law.
Do you want the truth?
If this woman hadn’t been a noble, she wouldn’t have been given a Christian burial.
Well, now you’ve said it.
It’s a pity that the nobles are given more leeway to drown or hang themselves than other Christians are.
Come on, shovel.
The most ancient nobles in the world are gardeners, ditch diggers, and gravediggers.
They keep up Adam’s profession.
Was he a noble?
He was the first person who ever bore arms .
He didn’t bear any arms.
What, are you not a Christian?
Do you not know the Bible?
The Bible says Adam dug.
Could he dig without arms?
I’ll ask you another question.
If you can’t answer it, admit it
Go ahead!
Who builds stronger things than a stonemason, a shipbuilder, or a carpenter?
I like your humor, I swear.
The gallows do well.
“Who builds stronger things than a stonemason, a shipbuilder, or a carpenter?”
Yes, tell me that, then you can call it a day.
Indeed, I’ll give you answer!
Do it.
By God , I forgot.
Stop wracking your brains about it.
Does this man not understand the seriousness of what he’s doing?
He’s singing while digging a grave.
He’s gotten so used to digging graves that he does it with ease.
That’s it exactly.
Only those who aren't used to that kind of work are more sensitive to it.
That skull had a tongue in it, and could sing once.
That fool flings it to the ground as if belonged to Cain, who committed the first murder!
It might be the skull of a power grabbing politician who could talk his way around God, right?
It could be, my lord.
Or a courtier, who used to say, “Good night, my sweet lord!
How are you, good lord?” This might be the skull of Lord So  and So, who praised Lord So and So’s horse when he wanted to borrow it, right?
Yes, my lord.
Why, yes.
There’s another.
Why, couldn’t that be a lawyer’s skull?
Where are all his lawyerly quibbles, his cases, and his tricks?
Not a bit more, my lord.
Aren’t legal documents made of sheepskin?
Yes, my lord, and calfskin too.
Anyone who looks for assurance in such documents is a sheep or a calf.
I’m going to talk to this man.
Excuse me, sir, whose grave is this?
It’s mine, sir.
I think it must be yours, because you’re lying in it.
You’re lying outside of it, sir, so therefore it’s not yours.
As for me, I’m not lying in it it’s really mine.
But you are lying in it, since you’re in it and saying it’s yours.
It’s for the dead, not the living.
Therefore, you’re lying.
What man are you digging it for?
For no man, sir.
What woman, then?
For no woman, either.
Who’s to be buried in it?
One who used to be a woman, sir, but is now dead, bless her soul.
How literal this jokester is!
We have to speak precisely, or his word play will defeat us.
Lord, Horatio, I’ve been noticing this for the last three years.
Of all the days in the year, I started this work on the day that the late King Hamlet defeated Fortinbras.
How long ago was that?
You don’t know that?
Any fool could tell you that.
It was the day that young Hamlet was born the one who’s insane and got sent to England.
Yes, right, and why was he sent to England?
Why?
Why?
Nobody there will notice.
All the people there are as crazy as he is.
How did he go insane?
Very strangely, they say.
What do you mean, “strangely?"
By losing his mind, of course.
On what grounds?
Why, right here in Denmark.
I’ve been the handyman here for thirty years, since I was a boy.
How long will a man lie in his grave before he starts to rot?
Well, if he’s not rotten before he dies and we do have many corpses nowadays that are so rotten that they fall apart just from being laid in the grave he’ll last eight or nine years.
A man who makes leather will last nine years.
Why does he last longer than anyone else?
Whose was it?
An insane son of a bitch.
Whose do you think it was?
I don’t know.
A curse on him, that crazy scoundrel!
He poured a pitcher of German wine on my head once.
Sir, this skull belonged to Yorick, the king’s jester.
This one?
That one.
Let me see.
Oh, poor Yorick!
What’s that, my lord?
Do you think Alexander the Great looked like this when he was buried?
Just like that.
And smelled like this?
Yuck!
Just like that, my lord.
Look how badly we end up, Horatio.
Why, you could imagine how the noble ashes of Alexander the Great might end up plugging a hole in a barrel?
You’d be thinking about it too much, if you thought about that.
No, I swear, not at all.
What other rites will you perform?
That’s Laertes, a very noble young man.
What other rites will you perform?
I’ve performed all the rites that I’m allowed to perform.
Can nothing more be done?
Nothing more.
We would be disrespectful to the other dead if we sang the same requiem for her that we sang for those who died peacefully.
Lay her in the ground, and may violets bloom from her pure and beautiful body!
I’m telling you, you uncharitable priest, my sister will be an angel in heaven while you’re howling in hell.
What, the beautiful Ophelia?
Sweet flowers for a sweet girl.
Goodbye!
I had hoped you’d be my Hamlet’s wife.
I thought I’d be scattering flowers on your wedding bed, not strewing them on your grave, sweet girl.
Oh, damn three times, damn thirty times the cursed one whose actions stole your brilliant mind.
Do not bury her until I’ve held her in my arms once more.
Now pile the dirt onto the living and the dead, until you’ve made this flat ground into mountain higher than Mount Pelion or the towering peaks of Mount Olympus.
Who is the man whose grief is so profound, whose words of sadness makes the stars stand still in the heavens as if struck dumb by what they’ve heard?
It is me, Hamlet the Dane.
The devil take your soul!
That’s not the right way to pray.
Separate them.
Hamlet!
Gentlemen!
My lord, calm down.
I’ll fight him on this topic until my eyelids cease to blink.
Oh, my son, what topic?
I loved Ophelia.
The love of forty thousand brothers, added together, could not match mine.
What are you going to do for her?
Oh, he is crazy, Laertes!
For the love of God, leave him alone.
By God!
This is pure madness.
This fit will stay with him for a little while.
Then he’ll be as calm as a female dove waiting for a pair of eggs to hatch.
Listen to me, sir.
Why do you treat me like this?
I always loved you.
But it doesn’t matter.
No matter what a hero like Hercules does, fools will seek to draw attention to themselves.
Horatio, please go with him.
Control yourself by thinking of our talk last night.
We’ll handle this issue very soon.
Good Gertrude, please set some kind of watch over your son.
We will build a monument for this grave that will last forever.
Soon we’ll have the calm we need.
Until then we must work patiently.
That’s everything about that, sir.
Now I’ll tell you my other story.
You do remember the circumstances of my situation, righ?
How could I not, my lord?
Sir, there was a kind of war in my heart that wouldn’t let me sleep.
It seemed to me that I was in worse shape even than captive rebels in chains.
That is a certainty.
Is it possible?
Here’s the letter.
Read it when you have a moment.
But do you want to hear what I did next?
Please.
Stuck as I was in their cruel net before I could even fully think about the problem, my brain had already started playing with possible solutions I sat down and wrote a new letter.
Yes, my good lord.
How did you get an official seal on it?
Even there, heaven gave me a helping hand.
I had my father’s signet ring in my pocket, which has a small version of the Danish royal seal on it.
I folded up the letter, signed it, sealed it, and put it safely back without anyone noticing the change.
The next day brought our fight at sea, and you already know what happened afterwards.
So Guildenstern and Rosencrantz go to their deaths.
Well, man, they loved doing the king’s every bidding.
I don’t feel any guilt.
Their deaths grew out of their meddling.
It’s dangerous when inferior people get in between the sword thrusts of mighty opponents.
Oh, what a king this Claudius is!
Don’t you think that it's now my duty to kill him?
He’s going to get the news from England soon about what happened there.
He will, soon.
But I have time before the news arrives.
And it only takes the time to count to one to kill a man.
Stop who’s coming in here?
My lord, welcome back to Denmark.
I humbly thank you, sir.
Do you know this flitting little bug?
No, my lord.
Sweet lord, if you were to have a free moment, I would like to tell you a message from His Majesty.
Sir, I’ll listen, with all of my being.
Now put your hat to its proper use.
Put it on your head.
Thank you for the advice, my lord.
But it’s very hot.
No, believe me, it’s very cold, with a northern wind.
My lord, it is quite cold, indeed.
But yet I think it’s too humid and hot for me.
Exceedingly hot, sir.
It is very humid so humid I can’t even describe it.
My lord, His Majesty asked me to tell you that he’s placed a large bet on you.
Sir, here’s what’s going on
I beg you, remember
No, my lord, I’m more comfortable like this, I swear.
Sir, your description of him suffers no loss of accuracy, though I know that to try to describe all of his good qualities would dizzy the mind.
Your lordship describes him perfectly.
What’s the relevance?
Why do we wrap him up in our breathless words?
Sir?
You must speak in a different style for him to understand you?
You can do it, sir.
What is the significance of our discussion of this gentleman?
Of Laertes?
His purse is already empty.
He has spent all of his golden words.
Yes, of him.
I know you are not ignorant
I wish you did, sir.
But in truth, if you did, it would not be much to my credit.
Well, sir?
I know you’re not ignorant about how excellent Laertes is
I mean, sir, he’s known for his weapon.
What kind of weapon does he use?
The light sword and the dagger.
Those are just two of his weapons.
But no matter.
What are you calling “carriages?"
I knew you’d have to look a word up before we were finished with him.
The carriages, sir, are the hangers on which we hang swords.
That word would make more sense if it were describing something that pulled a cannon.
I’d prefer to call it a “hanger.
Sir, the king has bet that in a dozen rounds between you and Laertes, he won’t beat you by more than three hits.
We could start the match immediately if you’ll do me the honor of giving me your answer.
What if my answer is "no?"
I mean, my lord, if you’d agree to compete in the wager.
Sir, I’m going to take a walk in the hall.
Tell the king that it is my time to exercise.
If the king still wants to do this, and if Laertes is willing, tell them to bring in the swords.
I’ll win the king’s bet for him if I can.
If not, I’ll have suffered just a bit of shame for losing, and a few sword hits.
Shall I quote you with those precise words?
Just get the meaning across, sir.
I am at your service, your lordship.
Thank you.
He’s smart to recommend himself.
There’s no one else who’d do it for him.
He used to shower flowery praise on his mother’s nipple before he sucked it.
My lord, His Majesty has learned from Osric that you will soon come to the main hall.
The king would like to know if you would like to duel against Laertes now, or if you’d like a little more time.
I’ll do as I said before: whatever the king wants.
If he’s ready now, so am I.
If he prefers some other time, I’ll do it then, so long as I’m able.
The king and queen are coming down with everyone else to watch.
And right on time, too.
The queen would like you to speak a few polite words to Laertes before the match begins.
Her advice is good.
You’re going to lose this bet, my lord.
I don’t think so.
Since Laertes left, I’ve been practicing fencing constantly.
With the odds they’ve given me, I’m going to win.
But even so, I have a bad feeling in my heart.
But forget about that.
No, my lord
It’s just foolishness, but I have the kind of misgiving that might bother a woman.
If your conscience is telling you not to do this, obey it.
I’ll go and stop them and say you’re not feeling well.
You will not.
I ignore omens.
God controls everything even the death of a sparrow.
If I am to die now, then it will not be later.
If I am to die later, then it will not be now.
All that matters is being ready for it when it does happen.
Come, Hamlet, shake hands with Laertes.

I ask your forgiveness, sir.
I’ve done you wrong.
Forgive me, as a gentleman.
Everyone here knows and you must have heard it too that I’m suffering from insanity.
What I did to insult your nature and your honor, I did only out of madness.
Was it Hamlet who insulted Laertes?
Not Hamlet.
If Hamlet has had his mind stolen, and insults Laertes when he’s not himself, then it is not Hamlet who did it.
Who did it, then?
Hamlet’s madness.
My personal feelings are satisfied even though what you’ve done should stir them to seek revenge.
Yet, as a man who values honor, I must for now hold off and will not accept an apology until some experts in matters of honor show me that accepting your apology will not stain my reputation.
Until then, I accept the love you offer as love, and won't do anything to offend it.
I accept it gladly, and will engage in this friendly match without reservations.
Come on, give me a sword.
And one for me.
I’m going to make you look good, Laertes.
My lack of skill will make yours blaze like the brightest star in the darkest night.
You’re making fun of me, sir.
No, I swear by my hand.
Give them the swords, Osric.
Hamlet, you know the bet?
Very well, my lord.
You’ve placed your bet on the weaker side.
I’m not worried.
I’ve seen both of you fence.
But since Laertes is better, we’ve given him a handicap.
This sword’s too heavy.
Give me another one.
This one is good for me.
Are they all the same length?
Yes, my good lord.
Put the cups of wine on that table.
If Hamlet gets the first or second hit, or even responds to Laertes challenge by just making the third hit, then we will fire the cannons in his honor!
I’ll then drink to Hamlet’s health, and into his cup I’ll drop a pearl more valuable than those the last four Danish kings worn in their crowns.
Give me the cups.
Come on, sir.
Come on, my lord.
That was one hit.
No.
Referee?
It was a hit, a clear hit.
Well, another round.
Give me some wine.
Hamlet, this pearl is yours.
Here’s to your health.
Give him the cup.
I’ll finish this round first.
Set the cup down for a while.
Let’s go.
Another hit.
What do you say?
It was a small hit, a small hit, I admit it.
My son will win.
He’s fat and out of breath.
Here, Hamlet, take my handkerchief and wipe the sweat from your forehead.
The queen drinks to your good luck, Hamlet.
Thank you, madam.
Gertrude, don’t drink.
I will drink, my lord.
Please excuse me.
That was the poisoned drink.
It’s too late.
I can’t afford to drink now, madam.
Soon.
Come on, let me wipe your face.
I’ll hit him now.
I doubt it.
And yet, it almost makes me feel guilty.
Come for the third round, Laertes.
You’re just playing.
Come on, try your hardest.
I fear that you’re treating me like a spoiled child.
You believe so?
Come on.
There’s little difference between them.
Take this!
Separate them.
They’re too angry.
No, come on, again.
Hey!
Both fencers are bleeding.
How are you, my lord?
How are you, Laertes?
Why, I'm like a bird caught in my own trap, Osric.
I’ve been killed by my own betrayal, as I deserve.
How is the queen doing?
She fainted at the sight of them bleeding.
No, no!
The drink, the drink!
Oh, my dear Hamlet!
The drink, the drink!
Oh, what evil!
Hey, lock the door!
We’ve been betrayed!
Find the traitor.
It’s me, Hamlet.
Hamlet, you’re dead.
No medicine in the world can cure you.
You don’t have more than a half hour left to live.
The treacherous weapon is in your hand, sharpened and dipped in poison.
The dirty plan backfired on me.
And so, here I lie, never to rise again.
Your mother’s been poisoned.
I can’t say anymore.
The king, the king’s to blame.
The sword is poisoned!
Then, poison, do your job!
Treason!
Treason!
Oh, defend me, my friends.
I’ve only been hurt.
Here, you incestuous, murderous, damned Dane!
Drink this poisoned wine.
Is your pearl in there?
He got what he deserved.
He made that poison himself.
Forgive me as I forgive you, noble Hamlet.
My death and my father’s death are not your fault, and my death is not yours.
God frees you from blame.
I’ll follow you.
Don’t believe it.
I’m more like an ancient Roman than a Dane.
There’s still some of this wine.
On your manhood, give me that cup.
Let it go!
By heaven, give it to me.
Oh God, Horatio, what a bad reputation I’m leaving behind because no one knows what happened.
If you ever loved me, then avoid the sweet relief of death for a while, and stay in this harsh world long enough to draw painful breaths and tell my story.
What are these sounds of war?
Young Fortinbras returns triumphantly from Poland, and fires his cannons to greet the English ambassadors.
Oh, I’m dying, Horatio!
This powerful poison is too much for me.
I won’t live to hear the news from England.
But I predict that Fortinbras will win the election for the Danish crown.
I give him my dying vote.
So tell him what has happened here.
The rest is silence.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Now a noble heart breaks.
What am I seeing?
What would you like to see?
If it’s a tragedy or other astonishment, you’ve found it.
These corpses suggest a massacre.
Oh, proud Death, what banquet are you preparing that you’ve struck down so many princes at once?
Not him, even if he were still alive to thank you.
He never ordered their deaths.
But since you’ve arrived to see this bloody scene you from the war in Poland and you from England then order that these bodies be displayed on a high platform to be viewed, and let me tell the world how all this happened.
Let us hurry to listen to it now, and call in all the noblemen as audience.
As for me, I accept my good fortune with sadness.
I have some rights to claim the throne of this kingdom, and now I have the chance to make that claim.
I also have much to say about that, from the mouth of one who only added to your claim.
Let’s do this now, even though everyone’s minds are racing, to make sure no further mistakes, plots, or errors occur.
I guess that the news of this attack will stop our mission to the Holy Land.
Yes, my gracious lord, along with this.
One of my dear, hardworking friends Sir Walter Blunt has only recently dismounted from his horse and arrived here in court.
He has ridden across all of the ground from Holmedon to here to bring us happy and welcome news.
The Earl of Douglas has been defeated and he saw ten thousand Scottish soldiers and twenty two knights piled up in their own blood on the fields of Holmedon.
Hotspur took some prisoners: he took Mordake, the Earl of Fife and the son of the defeated Earl of Douglas.
And he also took the Earls of Antholl, Murray, Angus, and Menteith.
Isn't this an honorable bunch?
A great prize?
Certainly, it's the type of conquest that even a prince could boast about.
It's his uncle who's told him to do that.
Well, I have asked him to come here to answer for that.
Therefore, we are going to have to put our mission to the Holy Land on hold for a while.
Next Wednesday, we will have a meeting at Windsor.
I will do that, my lord.
Now, Hal, what time is it, boy?
You are so stupid , what with all the wine you drink   and how you unbutton your pants after dinner and pass out on benches until after noon.
You can't even remember to ask for the thing you actually want to know!
What?
No, truthfully, not even enough to say grace before a bad, small meal .
What do you mean then?
Come on, what's your point?
Well then , my sweet boy, when you are king, don't let us night owls be accused of wasting the daylight by sleeping.
By God, you're right, Hal.
Say, isn't the hostess of this bar a very attractive woman?
She is as sweet as honey from Hybla , you old, dirty drunk.
And don't you think that a sheriff's jacket lasts a very long time?
What do you mean, you crazy boy?
Are you joking around with me?
What on earth do I have to do with a sheriff's jacket?
Well, what on earth do I have to do with the hostess of this bar?
Well, you have asked her for the bill many times.
Have I ever asked you to pay for anything yourself?
No, I guess that's true.
You have always settled everything with her yourself.
Yes, and you've used your credit so much that if it wasn't "here apparent" that you are the "heir apparent," , you would have never gotten away with it.
But I was wondering, my sweet boy, will there still be hangings in England when you're king?
Will a determined thief still be cheated by that horrible, old clown  the law?
No, you will.
I will?
Oh wonderful!
I will be an excellent judge.
Well, Hal, in some ways I am more inclined to be a hangman than to wait around for favors from the king, I can tell you that.
Waiting to get your suits ?
Exactly, waiting to get my suits, while the hangman has an extensive wardrobe.
Oh Christ , I'm as sad as a tomcat or an abused bear.
Or an old lion, or a lover's lute.
Yes, or the whining sound of a bagpipe.
What about a rabbit, or a sad day out in Moorditch ?
You use the most unpleasant similes, and make incredible comparisons for such a naughty, sweet young prince.
But, Hal, let's not talk about such pointless things anymore.
I wish to God that you or I knew where we could buy a supply of good reputations.
You did well, for the Bible says, "Wisdom cries out in the streets, and no one hears it.  "
Oh, you always seem to make the Bible fit in with your wicked games.
I wouldn't be surprised if you managed to corrupt a saint.
Where shall we go and do some stealing tomorrow, Jack?
Good heavens , wherever you want, boy.
I'll join in.
If I don't, then call me a villain, and disgrace me.
I'm already seeing you turn your life around, from praying to stealing purses.
Why, Hal, it's my calling in life.
It's not a sin for a man to follow his calling in life.
Good morning, Ned.
Good morning, sweet Hal.
What does Mr.   Regretful have to say for himself?
What's up Sir John the Drunk?
Jack, how's that deal with the devil going since you sold him your soul on Good Friday for a cup of white wine and a cold chicken leg?
Sir John Falstaff will keep his word.
The devil will get his end of the bargain, for Jack was never one to break with a proverb.
He will give the devil what he owes him.
Then you're damned for keeping a deal with the devil.
Otherwise he would be damned for cheating the devil.
Listen here, Yedward , if I stay at home and don't go, then I will hang you for going.
You will, fat cheeks?
Hal, will you join us?
What me, a robber?
Am I a thief?
I don't think so, by God.
If you won't even fight for ten shillings, then there is no honesty, manhood, or friendship in you, and you certainly aren't of royal descent.
Okay then, for once in my life I'll do something insane.
Good stuff.
Well, actually, I guess I'll stay at home and see what happens.
In that case, by God, I'll be a traitor to you when you become king.
I don't care.
Sir John, please leave me and the Prince alone for a while.
I'll give him such good reasons for joining in that he won't be able to resist.
Goodbye, you September spring.
Goodbye, you November summer .
Now, my good sweet lord, join us tomorrow.
I have a prank that I want to carry out that I can't do alone.
How will we get away from them when we are traveling together?
Okay, but won't they still recognize us by our horses, our clothes, and all of the things that we have with us?
Nah, they won't see our horses because I'll tie them up in the woods.
We will change our masks after we leave them.
Plus, sir , I've also got coats made for the occasion out of coarse linen, to cover what we're wearing underneath.
Okay, I'll go with you.
Get all of the things that we'll need and meet me tomorrow night in Eastcheap.
I'll have dinner there.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, my lord.
I understand these men, and will put up with their wild behavior and their laziness for now.
Your Majesty, our family  the Percy family  doesn't deserve to be punished by you and your power, as we helped you to get to this position of power in the first place.
My lord
Worcester, leave now, for I can see danger and disobedience in your eye.
Oh sir, you speak far too boldly and arrogantly, and royalty should never have to be worried about a servant's threatening frown.
You have full permission to leave us.
When we need your help and advice, we will send for you.
You were about to speak.
Yes, my good lord.
My lord, I didn't deny you any prisoners.
Treacherous Mortimer?
He never changed his allegiance, my lord, except in an accident of war.
That's a lie, Percy, that's a lie  he never fought with Glendower.
Even if the devil himself came and shouted at me, I would not hand over these prisoners.
I should go after him and tell him that now, even if it costs me my head, it will relieve my heart.
What, are you drunk with anger?
Stay and think about it for a minute.
Here comes your uncle.
Not talk about Mortimer?
Heavens, I will talk about him, and I'll be damned if I don't join him!
Brother, the King has made your nephew very angry.
Who started this argument after I left?
I can't say I blame him.
Didn't King Richard announce that Mortimer was next in line to the throne?
He did; I heard the announcement.
It happened right when the unlucky King Richard
Hang on a minute, please.
He did.
Well then, I can't blame the King for wanting Mortimer to starve out there.
Enough, nephew.
If he falls in, then it's all over  it doesn't matter if he sinks or swims!
Thinking about this heroic adventure is making him lose his self control.
He is using some lovely imagery here, but that's not what he should be paying attention to right now.
Good nephew, listen to me for a while.
I apologize.
The noble Scotsmen that you've taken as prisoners
I will keep them all.
You interrupt me before listening to what I have to say.
Yes, I will.
That's for sure!
He's said that he will not pay Mortimer's ransom and has forbidden me from speaking of Mortimer.
I'm going to find him when he's sleeping and shout "Mortimer" in his ear.
No, better yet, I'm going to get a bird and teach it to say nothing but "Mortimer," and give it to the King to make sure he's always angry.
Listen to me, nephew, for a minute.
You're an irritable and impatient idiot to keep chatting away like a woman , listening to no one's voice but your own!
Hey, I feel like I am being whipped with rods, irritated and stung by ants when I hear about this vile politican, Bolingbroke.
When Richard was alive  what was that place called?
Damn it!
It's in Gloucestershire.
At Berkley Castle.
That's it.
Are you sure?
If you're not, keep going.
I'm finished, I mean it.
The Archbishop of York, do you mean?
Yes, since he's deeply affected by the death of his brother, the Lord Scroop , in Bristol.
I see what you mean.
That will go well, I'm sure of it.
Don't let your dogs off the leash before the hunt has even started.
Well, it can't help being a very good plan.
And the armies of Scotland and of York will join up with Mortimer's, right?
They will.
Truthfully, it's an excellent plan.
He does, he does.
We will have our revenge on him.
Goodbye, nephew.
Don't do anything more until I write to you with instructions.
Goodbye, my good brother.
We will be successful, I am sure of it.
In a second, in a second.
Hey, Tom , soften my horse's saddle.
Put some extra padding under the saddle.
My poor old horse has got some bad cuts between its shoulders.
Poor guy hadn't been happy since the price of oats went up.
It was the death of him.
This stable has worse fleas than anywhere on the road leading to London.
I am stung like a tench .
Like a tench?
I swear, not even a Christian king could be bitten more than I've been bitten since midnight.
They haven't even given us a bathroom, so we have to urinate in the fireplace even though we know that urine breeds fleas like a loach .
What are you doing, ostler?!
Come here right now  I mean it!
I have a leg of smoked ham and some ginger roots that I have to deliver to Charing Cross.
Jesus Christ , the turkeys in my basket are starving!
Come on, ostler!
Damn you!
Can you not see anything?
Can you not hear?
If it isn't a good idea to smack you on the head, then I am an idiot.
Come on I say!
Can we trust you at all?
Good morning, carriers.
What time is it?
I think it's about two o'clock.
Lend me your lantern so that I can check on my horse in the stable.
Not a chance.
I know a few tricks like that myself, indeed.
Okay then, lend me yours.
Hey, no way!
"Lend me your lantern," he says.
By God, I'll see you hanged before I do.
Sir carrier, when are you planning to be in London?
Some time tonight, I can assure you.
Come on, Mugs, my friend.
We'll go wake up the ostler.
Hey, chamberlain !
"I'm ready," as the pickpockets say!
That's basically the same as "I'm ready, says the Chamberlain," since you're about as different from a thief as a supervisor is from a worker  you just decide how the work is done.
Good morning, Mr.   Gadshill.
Sir, if they don't run into thieves on their journey, I'll let you hang me.
I won't do it.
Why are you talking to me about the hangman?
If I am going to hang, I will make up one half of a fat pair, because if I hang, Falstaff will hang alongside me  and you know he is not exactly skinny.
Make her their boots ?
Will she let you stay dry on a muddy road?
She will, she will.
Justice has made her waterproof .
We can steal in complete safety and with confidence.
We have the perfect potion to remain unseen.
Shake my hand.
You will get a share of our plunder.
No, I would prefer it if you swore on your reputation as a lying thief.
Whichever.
Homo is a name which applies to all men, even the lying thieves.
Tell the ostler to bring my horse out of the stable.
Goodbye, you silly fool.
Come on, hide yourselves, hide yourselves!
I have taken Falstaff's horse and he's coming apart at the seams .
Hide.
Poins!
Damn you, Poins!
Poins!
Be quiet, you fat bellied idiot!
Why are you making so much noise?
Where's Poins, Hal?
He has walked up that hill.
I'll go and find him.
I do not want to rob anyone with that thief around.
He has stolen my horse and I have no idea where he's tied him up.
If I have to walk even four more feet, I will be out of breath .
Although I expect to die an honorable death in spite of this, if I don't get hanged for killing that thief.
For the last twenty two years, I have sworn every hour that I will never speak to him again, but I am still delighted by his company.
He must have given me a potion to make me love him   there's no other possibility.
Yeah, that must be it!
I must have drunk a potion!
Poins!
Hal!
Oh, damn you both.
Bardolph!
Be quiet, you fat thing.
Lie down, put your ear close to the ground, and listen to see if you can hear the travelers' footsteps.
Do you have a machine to lift me back up again once I'm down?
I swear to God, I wouldn't walk all this way again even for all the money in your father's treasury.
Why do you cheat me and horse around like this?
You are lying.
How can we horse around when we don't even have a horse?
Please, my good Prince Hal, tell me where my horse is, you good Prince.
Leave it, you scoundrel!
Am I supposed to be your stable boy?
Go hang yourself in your own princely garters!
If I'm captured, I will tell them all about you .
Stop.
I am, even if I don't want to.
Oh, it's the one who set up this robbery.
I recognize his voice, Bardolph.
What's happening?
Cover up, cover up.
Put on your masks.
You are lying, you rascal.
It's going to the King's bank.
There's enough to make all of our fortunes.
And guarantee that we are hanged.
Sirs, you four will attack them in the narrow lane.
Ned Poins and I will go further down the way.
If they manage to escape from your attack, then they will meet us instead.
How many of them are there?
About eight or ten.
Heavens, won't they just rob us instead?
Oh, are you a coward, Sir John Pot Belly?
Certainly I am no John of Gaunt , your grandfather.
Well, let's see about that.
Sir Jack, your horse is waiting behind that hedge.
When you need him, you will find him there.
Goodbye, and get ready.
I can't hit him now, or I'd be hanged.
Ned, where are our disguises?
They are here, right by us.
Now let's hide.
Now, my men, may luck be with us!
Get ready to go.
Freeze!
Jesus bless us!
Attack!
Get them!
Cut the scoundrels' throats!
Oh, we are completely ruined!
God, you potbellied morons!
Are you completely ruined?
No, you fat penny pinchers.
I wish all of your possessions were here.
Come on, you pigs, come on!
What's wrong, you idiots?
Young men have to live somehow.
You're Grand Jurors, aren't you?
The thieves have tied up the honest men.
Hide  I hear them coming.
Come on, men, let's share out this money and then get going before it is light.
If the Prince and Poins aren't two complete cowards, then there's no truth in the world.
Poins doesn't have any more courage than a wild duck!
Give us your money!
Villains!
How easy was that?
Now we can ride off happily.
The thieves have all run away, so scared that they won't even want to meet each other.
Each of them mistakes his companion for an officer of the law!
Let's go, Ned.
Falstaff is sweating so much that he drips fat onto the ground as he walks along.
If it wasn't so funny, I would feel sorry for him.
How that fat rascal screamed!
"As for me, my lord, I would be happy to be there, because of the love I have for your family.  "
If he is happy to be here, then why isn't he?
Because of the love I have for your family  it's clear he loves his own house more than he loves mine.
I'll read some more.
"Your mission is dangerous.  "
Oh my good lord, why are you always alone?
Why have you banned me from your bed for the past two weeks?
Tell me, sweet lord, what has taken away your appetite, your desire, and your precious sleep?
Why do you stare at the ground so much, and jump so often when you are sitting alone?
Hey, you!
He has, my lord, about an hour ago.
And did Butler bring those horses from the sheriff?
He has brought one horse, my lord, just now.
Which horse?
A brown one, with its ears clipped?
Yes, that one, my lord.
That horse will be like my throne.
I will mount him right away.
Oh, be hopeful !
Tell Butler to lead the horse into the field.
Listen to me, my lord.
What do you have to say, my lady?
Why have you got so carried away?
Why, that's my horse's fault , my love  my horse's fault.
Stop it, you crazy idiot!
Even a weasel doesn't have the same temper that you have.
I swear, I'll find out what you're planning, Harry, that's for sure.
I am worried that my brother Mortimer is going to take action to claim his rightful crown and has sent for you to support his mission.
Such a long way on foot, I will be tired my love.
Come on, you little parrot, take my question seriously and answer me.
I swear, I will break your little finger, Harry, if you don't tell me the whole truth.
Go away!
Go away, you shrew!
Love?
I don't love you.
I don't even care about you, Kate.
Now is not the time for playing with dolls and leaning in for silly kisses.
You don't love me?
Really?
Well don't bother then, since if you don't love me, I won't love myself.
You don't love me?
Tell me if this is a joke or not.
Come on, will you come and say goodbye?
When I am on horseback, I will swear to love you forever.
Wow?
That far?
Yes, and not an inch further.
But listen here, Kate, wherever I go, you will go too.
I will leave today and you will leave tomorrow.
Will that make you happy, Kate?
It will have to, out of necessity.
Ned, please, come out of that stuffy room and make me laugh for a while.
Where have you been, Hal?
I've been with three or four blockheads and somewhere between sixty and eighty cases of wine.
I have been with the lowest of the lowly.
Sir, I am now best friends with three of these bartenders, and can even call them by their first names  Tom, Dick, and Francis.
Francis!
Perfect.
Francis!
Come here, Francis.
My lord?
How much longer do you have left to serve as an apprentice?
Indeed , about five years, about as long as
Francis!
Just a minute, sir.
Five years!
By God , that's a long time to learn how to pull a pint!
Oh Lord, sir, I swear on all the Bibles in England, I could manage to
Francis!
One minute, sir.
How old are you, Francis?
Let me work it out.
Next year, around the end of September , I will be
Francis!
Just a minute, sir.
Stay here a minute, my lord.
Oh Lord, I wish it could have been worth two pennies!
I will give you a thousand pounds for it.
Ask me for it whenever you want, and you can have it.
Francis!
One minute, please!
You want it in one minute, Francis?
No, Francis, but you can have it tomorrow, or Thursday.
Or indeed, Francis, whenever you want it.
Yes, my lord?
Oh Lord sir, who are you talking about?
Why then this brown bastard will have to remain your only drink, for if you leave, your white canvas jacket will get dirty .
What, sir?
Francis!
What, stand’st thou still and hear’st such a calling?
Look to the guests within.
Let them alone awhile, and then open the door.
As merry as crickets, my lad.
Give me a minute, sir.
This boy has less to say than a parrot does, even though he's a human!
Welcome, Jack.
Where have you been?
You idiot, there's lime in this wine !
Evil men have nothing in them but harm, but a coward is even worse than a cup of wine with lime in it.
An evil coward!
Get on your way, then, old Jack.
Die now.
If there are any true men left on this earth except for me, then I am a spawned herring .
There aren't even three good men in England who haven't been hanged, and one of them is fat and getting older.
God help these times!
It is a bad world, I say.
A King's son!
If I don't beat you out of your kingdom with a wooden dagger , and send all of your followers before you like a flock of geese, then I will never grow a beard again.
You, the Prince of Wales?!
Why, you fat son of a bitch, what's the matter?
Aren't you a coward?
Answer that question  you too, Poins!
Good Lord, you potbelly, if you call me a coward, I swear to God, I'll stab you.
Me call you a coward?
That makes no difference.
Damn all cowards, I say again.
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
Four of us here stole a thousand pounds just this morning.
Then where is it, Jack?
Where is it?
Where is it?
It was stolen from us.
A hundred men attacked the four of us.
What?
I am a liar if I haven't been fighting with at least twelve of them in close combat for at least two hours.
It's a miracle I escaped.
They stabbed through my jacket eight times, through my pants four times, my shield is full of holes, and my sword is cut up and useless.
Look at the proof !
I have never fought better, but whatever I did, it wasn't enough.
Damn all you cowards.
Let them speak.
Tell us, sirs, how was it?
Four of us managed to attack about twelve men.
It was sixteen at least, my lord.
And we tied them up.
No, no, we didn't tie them up.
You idiot, they were tied up, all of them, or else I am a Jew, a Hebrew Jew .
As we were dividing up the money, six or seven new men attacked us.
And they untied the others, and then all these other men arrived.
What?
What do you mean by all?
I don't know what you mean by all, but if I didn't fight with fifty of them, then I'm a bunch of radishes.
If there weren't fifty two or fifty three of them attacking poor, old Jack, then I'm not even a man.
I pray to God you didn't kill any of them.
It's too late to pray.
I crushed two of then.
I am sure I killed two more of them, two idiots wearing coarse linen .
I tell you what, Hal, if I am lying then spit in my face and insult me.
You know how I fight.
This is how I stood, and this is how I held my sword.
Four idiots in coarse linen attacked me.
There were four of them?
You said two just now.
Four, Hal, I said four.
Yes, yes, he definitely said four.
These four idiots were all in a row and vigorously thrust at me.
I didn't wait any longer, I let all of their seven sword points strike my shield, like this.
Seven?
A minute ago you said there were four.
Wearing coarse linen?
Yes, four wearing coarse linen.
Come on, let's leave him alone.
There'll be more any second.
Did you listen to me, Hal?
Yes, and I paid attention to what you said, Jack.
That's good, because what I'm saying is worth your attention.
So these nine men in coarse linen that I just told you about
So there are two more already.
Because their points were broken
Their breeches fell down.
They started to move away, but I followed them closely, and thinking on my feet, I killed seven of the eleven right there and then.
Oh wow!
Eleven men in coarse linen have grown out of just two!
What, are you crazy?
Are you crazy?
Isn't the truth just the truth?
Well, how would you know that these men were wearing green, coarse wool fabric if it was so dark that you couldn't even see your own hand?
Come on, tell us how.
What do you have to say to this?
Yeah, tell us how, Jack, how.
What?
I can't listen to this anymore.
This red faced coward, who could flatten a bed, this breaker of horses' backs, this huge mountain of flesh
Listen to him, Jack.
We two saw the four of you attack the four travelers, tie them up, and take their money.
Listen now to how the simple truth of the matter will destroy your lies.
Come on then, let's hear it, Jack.
What trick are you going to use now?
By God, I knew it was you right away.
Listen here, gentlemen, was I going to kill the heir to the throne?
Was I going to turn on the true Prince?
Come on, you know I am as brave as Hercules , but I listen to my gut.
Even a lion will not attack a true Prince.
Instinct is very important.
I was a coward because my instinct told me I had to be.
Now I guess I will have to think of myself as a brave lion, since you are a true Prince.
But, by God, am I glad that you have the money!
Hostess, shut the doors.
Let's have fun tonight and leave our prayers until tomorrow!
Bold lads, boys, men with hearts of gold  you are not worth all of these good titles.
Shall we celebrate?
Shall we have some improvised drama to entertain us?
Yes, let's, and the plot can be about you running away.
Ah, no more of that, Hal, if you love me at all.
Oh Jesus, my lord the Prince!
What's happening, my lady the hostess?
Give him enough money to turn him into a royal man and then send him back to my mother .
What type of man is he?
An old man.
What's an old man doing out of his bed at midnight?
Should I go and talk to him?
Please do, Jack.
Okay, I will tell him to go.
Truthfully, I only ran away when I saw the others running.
Okay, tell me the truth now.
Oh, you scoundrel, that's not true  you stole a cup of wine eighteen years ago, and were caught red handed.
Every since then you have blushed each and every time you drink.
My lord, do you see these red lumps?
Can you see these rashes on my face?
I can.
What do you think they warn of ?
Drunkenness and poverty.
Anger, my lord, if I understand them correctly.
My own knee?
When I was about your age, Hal, my waist was as thin as an eagle's claw.
I could have got through any councilman's sealing ring.
To hell with sighing and sadness!
It makes a man blow up like an inflatable.
There's terrible news going around.
That was Sir John Bracy, and he was sent here by your father.
You must go to court in the morning.
Hotspur, that crazy fellow from the north, and that Welshman who beat up Amamon , seduced the devil's wife, and caused the devil to swear to be his loyal servant by threatening him with a hooked sword.
Owen Glendower.
He rides so quickly, and then tries to kill a flying sparrow with his pistol.
You've got it exactly right.
Well, that rascal has a lot of courage in him.
He won't run away.
Yes he will, Jack  his instinct will tell him to.
If that's true, then if the weather is hot and the civil war continues, you will be able to buy women's virtue like you can buy shoe studs, by the hundreds.
I swear, you speak the truth.
We'll have some good luck if it's like that.
But, Hal, tell me  are you very scared?
Since you are the heir to the throne, you are going to be the prime target of that wicked Douglas, that lively Percy, and that devil Glendower?
Are you not horribly afraid?
Don't you shudder with fear at the thought of it?
Well, you are going to be scolded horribly tomorrow when you see your father.
I beg you, let's practice what you will say to him.
You can pretend to be my father, and ask me about what's happening in my life.
Should I?
All right then.
This chair will be my throne, this dagger will be my scepter, and this cushion will be my crown.
Your throne looks more like a stool made from parts, your golden scepter more like a metal dagger, and your precious, rich crown is more of a sad, bald head.
Well, if you still have any divine grace in you, you will be stirred emotionally by this.
Well then, I make my bow to you.
And here is my speech for you.
Stand aside, noblemen.
Oh Jesus, this is an excellent game, really!
Don't cry, my sweet Queen, your falling tears are pointless.
Oh look at the father  he's really good at keeping a straight face.
For God's sake, lords, take my sad queen away from here.
Oh Jesus, he's so much like one of those silly real actors!
Enough, good pint of ale.
Enough, good liquor brain.
Harry, I am very surprised at where you're choosing to spend your time, and who you're choosing to spend it with.
For, although the camomile grows faster the more it is trodden on, with youth, the more it is wasted, the quicker it fades away.
What type of man is he, your Majesty?
Is that what a king would say?
You pretend to be me, and I'll play my father.
You're going to take me off the throne?
If you manage to do it even half as sincerely or majestically as I did, in both words and behavior, then hang me up like some baby rabbit for sale in a poultry shop.
Well, I'm seated and ready.
And I'll stand here.
Judge what you see, my masters.
Now, Harry, where have you come from?
My noble lord, I have come from Eastcheap.
I have heard some very serious complaints about you.
Damn it, my lord, they're all lies.
I'm going to be very funny as the young prince, that's for sure.
Did you just swear?
You rude boy, never look at me again.
You have been forcefully turned away from goodness.
There is a devil that haunts you and it looks very much like an old, fat man.
A ton of man is your companion.
Why do you associate yourself with that container of diseases, that sifting bin of beastliness, that swollen crate of disease, that huge case of wine, that stuffed suitcase of stomach, that roasted ox stuffed with pudding, that reverend Vice , that grey haired sinner, that elderly swaggerer, that man who has aged with vanity?
What is he good for, except to taste wine and then drink it?
What is he skilled at besides carving a chicken and eating it?
What is he smart about besides scheming?
What does he scheme about besides dirty tricks?
I wish your Grace would explain what you mean a bit better.
Who are you talking about, your Grace?
That evil, horrific corrupter of youth  Falstaff, that old, white bearded devil.
My lord, I know the man.
I know you do.
For me to say that he is worse than I am, would be more than I am able to say.
He is old, that's true, and it's a shame   his white hairs prove his age.
But to say that he's a  forgive me  a pimp, that I completely deny.
If drinking sweet wine is a sin, then God help us all.
If being old and cheerful is a sin, then most old innkeepers I know are damned.
If it is bad to be fat, then we should all love Pharaoh's lean cows .
I know.
Oh my lord, my lord, the Sheriff is at the door with an unusually large group of officers.
Get out, you idiot.
We need to finish our play.
I still have a lot to say on behalf of that Falstaff.
Oh Jesus, my lord, my lord
Hey, hey!
What a lot of commotion.
The Sheriff and a group of officers are at the door.
They have come to search the bar.
Should I let them in?
Did you hear that, Hal?
And you are an born coward, with no instinct.
I reject your logic.
If you are going to reject the Sheriff, then do it.
If not, then let him come in.
Go and hide behind that tapestry , Falstaff.
The rest of you go upstairs.
Now, my masters, time to put on an honest face and a clear conscience.
I've had both of those, but their lease has expired, and so I think I'll hide.
Call in the Sheriff.
First excuse me, my lord.
A group of citizens have followed some particular men into this bar.
What men?
One of them is very well known, my gracious lord.
As fat as butter.
I can assure you that that man isn't here, because I have just sent him on an errand.
And, Sheriff, I give you my word that I will send him to appear before you by midday tomorrow with any other man that you need.
He will answer to anything that he has been accused of.
I will, my lord.
There are also two gentlemen have lost three hundred marks in this robbery.
I'm sure that's true.
If he has robbed these men, then he will be held responsible for it.
Good night, my noble lord.
I think it's good morning by now, isn't it?
Indeed it is, my lord.
This shifty rascal is as famous as St.   Paul's Cathedral.
Go and get him.
Falstaff!
He is fast asleep behind here, and snoring like a horse.
God, listen to how heavy his breathing is.
Search his pockets.
Just some papers, my lord.
Let's see what they say.
Read them.
Oh, how horrid!
Just half a penny's worth of bread compared to this ridiculous amount of wine!
Good morning, my good lord.
These offers of support are good, our allies are reliable, and the beginning of our mission seems very hopeful.
Lord Mortimer and cousin Glendower, won't you sit down?
And Uncle Worcester  oh damn it!
No, here it is.
And every time he hears someone speak about Owen Glendower, he wishes that you were in hell.
I can't blame him.
When I was born the whole sky was full of fiery comets and meteors , and at my birth, the whole of the earth shook like some kind of coward.
The same thing would have happened if your mother's cat had given birth to kittens that day, whether you had been born or not.
I am telling you that the earth shook when I was born.
And I am saying that if you think the earth shook because it was scared of you, then the earth and I think differently.
The sky was on fire, and the earth trembled.
Oh, then maybe the earth shook because it saw that the sky was on fire, not because it was scared of your birth.
Cousin, I wouldn't take these kinds of insults from many men.
No man speaks better Welsh than you.
I'm going to have lunch.
Stop now, cousin Percy.
You will make him angry.
I can summon up spirits from the depths of the ocean.
I can teach you to command the devil.
And I can teach you, pal, how to shame the devil  by telling the truth!
"Tell the truth and shame the devil," that's what they say.
Come on now, let's stop this pointless talking.
You sent him home without boots, and in bad weather, too?
How did he avoid getting a fever ?
Come on, here's the map.
Should we divide up the land according to our three way agreement?
I don't think that my share of the land, everything north of Burton here is equal to your shares.
Look how the river bends here, and cuts out a huge semi circle  a chunk out of some of my best land.
I'm going to build a dam, and force the smooth water of the Trent River to go a different way, to run straighter.
That way it won't make such an deep cut into my portion of the land, and won't rob me of the fertile river valley.
A river not wind?
It has to; it must.
You can see that it does.
Yes, but look at how the Trent carries on its journey, and does a similar thing in my section later on, cutting as large a piece out of my side as it does out of yours.
Yes, but with a little bit of money, you can dig a trench to divert the river, and will get back this bit of land on the north side of the river.
Okay, I can do that.
It will only take a little bit of money.
I don't want the river to be changed.
Why not?
And I won't let you do it.
Oh, are you going to stop me?
Yes, I will.
Say so in Welsh then, so I don't have to understand what you're saying.
Okay then, you can change the course of the Trent.
I don't care.
The moon is bright, so you can leave tonight.
Damn it, cousin Percy!
I can't help it.
Well, I've learned my lesson.
May your good manners bring you success!
Here come our wives.
This is the awful annoyance that makes me angry  my wife doesn't speak any English, and I don't speak any Welsh.
My daughter is crying because she doesn't want to be parted from you.
Good father in law, tell her that she and my aunt Percy will come along with you very soon.
I understand you by looking at your face.
Be careful, if you show your feelings too much, you'll make her go crazy.
Oh, I have no clue what she's saying!
I would love to sit and hear her sing.
By the time she's done, our final documents should be ready.
Come on Kate, you are good at lying down.
Come on, quick, quick, so that I can rest my head in your lap .
Stop that, you silly goose.
Now I can see that the devil understands Welsh.
It's no wonder he's so unpredictable.
Then it's a wonder you're not more musical, for you are the most unpredictable man there is.
Lie still, you thief and listen to the lady singing in Welsh.
I would rather hear my dog Lady howl in Irish.
Would you like to have your head broken?
No.
Then be quiet.
God help you!
Into the Welsh lady's bed.
What did you say?
Be quiet!
Come on, Kate  I'd like to hear your song, too.
Not mine, darn it.
"Not mine, darn it?"
Goodness, you swear like a candy  maker's wife!
I will not sing.
It's the easiest way to become a tailor , or be a teacher of birds.
If our agreements are drawn up, I will leave within the next two hours.
Come on, Lord Mortimer, you are as reluctant to leave as the eager Lord Percy is burning to go.
Our agreements have now been drawn up.
We just need to sign them, and then we should leave right after.
I will, with all my heart.
God forgive you.
But, I am surprised, Harry, at your tendencies, which are so different from any of your ancestors.
I will try and behave more like myself from now on, my gracious father.
Don't think that.
It won't happen.
May God forgive whoever has turned your good opinion against me!
The news that I have come to tell you is urgent.
Lord Mortimer of Scotland has sent word that Douglas and the English rebels met at Shrewsbury on the eleventh of this month.
If they all keep their promises, their army will be as big and as terrifying as any army that has ever rebelled against this kingdom.
Bardolph, haven't I completely shrunk since that robbery?
Haven't I become so thin?
Sir John, if you keep fretting this much, you aren't going to live very long.
Well, that's true.
Come on, sing me a rude song, and cheer me up.
Sir John, you are so fat that everything about you is out of moderation, moderation wouldn't work for you, Sir John.
Well if you fix your face, then I will fix my life.
But, Sir John, my face can't hurt you.
No, that's true, I can get some good use out of it, if I think of it like a skull or a reminder of death .
I've never looked at your face and not thought of the fiery pits of hell and Dives, that rich man in purple from the Bible who burned forever.
If there was anything good or virtuous about you, I would
That's a lie, hostess.
Bardolph has been shaved here, so has lost many hairs.
And I am certain that I have been robbed.
What, me?
No, you won't get a way with that!
God, I've never been spoken to like that in my own bar.
Leave off, I know all about you.
No, Sir John, you don't know everything about me.
I know everything about you, Sir John.
They were awful, made of coarse linen.
He had some of that, let him pay you.
How's it going Hal, is this what we're doing?
Him?
No, he is poor.
He has nothing.
How is he poor?
Look at his face.
If that's not rich, I don't know what is.
Oh Jesus, I've heard the Prince tell him so many times that that ring was just copper!
What?
The Prince is a fool, a sneak.
I swear to God, if he was here, I would beat him like a dog if he said that.
Yep, two by two, like prisoners on their way to Newgate .
My lord, please, listen to me.
What are you saying Mistress Quickly?
How is your husband doing?
I like him a lot; he is an honorable man.
My good lord, please listen to me.
Hal, leave her alone, and listen to me.
What are you saying, Jack?
The other night I fell asleep behind these curtains and was robbed.
This bar is like a brothel; they steal your things.
What did you lose, Jack?
That ring's nothing  it's barely worth eight pennies.
That's what I told him, my lord, and I said I had heard your Grace say so.
Then, my lord, he said vile things about you, like the foul mouthed man he is, and he said he would beat you!
What?
Either he said that, or I'm not faithful, honest, or womanly at all.
Thing?
What thing?!
Why a thing to thank God for.
I am no thing to thank God for, you'd better believe it!
I am the wife of an honoraable man, and ignoring my respect for your title of knight, you are a villain to call me that.
Ignoring your womanhood, you are just a beast, then.
What beast, you dishonest man?
What beast?
Why, an otter.
An otter, Sir John.
Why an otter?
Well she's not quite a fish and not quite a mammal   a man wouldn't know what to do with her.
You are a horrible man for saying a nasty thing like that.
You or any other man would know what to do with me, you rascal, you.
You speak truthfully, hostess, and he has greatly offended you.
He also offends you, my lord, and he said the other day that you owe him a thousand pounds.
Sir, do I owe you a thousand pounds?
A thousand pounds, Hal?
More like a million.
But since your love is worth a million pounds, you just owe me your love.
That's not true, my lord, he called you a fool and said that he would beat you.
Did I, Bardolph?
Yes, Sir John, that's what you said.
I do say it's trash and just made of copper.
Are you going to honor your promise and beat me then?
Why am I not the lion?
The King is the only man as scary as a lion.
Do you think I'm as scared of you as I am of your father?
No, and if I was, I hope my girdle would break!
Oh, if your girdle broke, your stomach would be hanging around your knees!
But sir, there's no room in your chest for loyalty, honesty ,or the truth.
Your chest is all filled up with guts and stomach.
You are going to accuse an honest woman of robbing you?
Don't you understand, Hal?
You know that Adam fell even when living in the innocent world of Eden, so what chance does poor Jack Falstaff have in these evil times?
You can see that I have more flesh than most other men, and that makes me more frail .
Are you confessing then, that it was you who robbed me?
So it seems, since I told you what was in your pockets.
Hostess, I forgive you.
Oh, I will always be your protector, you fresh piece of meat.
The money has been paid back.
I am good friends with my father again, and so I can do anything.
Then start by robbing the royal treasury, and do it right now, without even washing your hands.
Do it, my lord.
I have found you some foot soldiers to command, Jack.
I wish they could have been cavalrymen instead of foot soldiers.
Where am I going to find a good thief?
Oh, if only I had a great thief who was about twenty two years old!
I am awfully ill equipped.
Well, thank God for these rebels.
They only go against the good people.
I give them praise and honor for that.
Bardolph!
My lord.
Well said!
What an amazing world this is!
Hostess, bring me my breakfast.
Well said, you wonderful Scotsman.
Do it then.
These are letters from your father.
Just letters?
Why hasn't he come to see me himself?
He can't come my lord, he is incredibly sick.
God, how can he have the freedom to be sick at such a time of conflict?!
Who is leading his army?
Who is bringing them here?
His letters will reveal his thoughts more than I can, my lord.
Please, tell me, is he bedridden?
I wish this sickness could have come after this present situation has been settled.
His health has never been as important to us as it is now.
He is sick now?
He weakens now?
This sickness infects the entire mission, then .
And it will even infect us here, in our camp.
Your father's sickness is a crippling injury to us.
A dangerous wound, almost like one of our limbs has been chopped right off!
Yet, actually, it doesn't have to be.
His absence now seems worse than it really is.
Was it good for us to gamble everything that we have on a single throw of the dice?
Was it right to bet so much on the chance of one uncertain hour?
No, it wasn't good, since it meant that we had used up all of our hope, and pushed the absolute limit and boundary of our luck.
That's true, especially when you consider the hope of the inheritance we can expect.
We should be bold now, in the hope of what is to come in the future.
Yes, it gives us a refuge, somewhere to retreat to, if things look like they are going badly in the first stages of our mission.
Still, I do wish that your father was here.
The nature of our mission needs us all to be united together.
Some people, who don't know that he is sick, will just think that the Earl stayed away out of wisdom, loyalty, and absolute dislike of what we are doing.
And think about how these thoughts would affect people who are already scared, and raise doubts among our followers.
You are exaggerating.
I should hope so.
Welcome, kinsman Vernon.
That's not an issue.
I have also found out that the King himself has set off, and is on his way here quickly, with a huge, strong army.
Well then, we will welcome him too.
Where is his son, that quick footed, foolish Prince of Wales, and his friends, who don't care about anything in this world?
Stop talking!
I have more news for you.
I found out when I was riding along in Worcester that Glendower won't be able to assemble his army for two weeks!
That is the worst news yet.
Yes, certainly, that is discouraging.
How many troops does the King have in total?
About thirty thousand.
Why not let it be forty thousand?!
Even though my father's and Glendower's men are not here, the troops that we do have could still be enough to win.
Come, let's assemble and review our forces quickly.
It's almost Doomsday .
If we are going to die, let's do it cheerfully!
Don't talk about dying.
I'm not going to be scared of death for the next six months.
Will you give me money for it, captain?
Pay for it yourself.
That will make me an angel .
Well if it does, then keep it for your trouble.
I will, captain.
Goodbye then.
If I'm not ashamed of my soldiers, then I'm a pickled fish !
I have misused my position with the King terribly.
How are you doing fat Jack?
How are you, you padded thing?
Is it you Hal, how are you, my crazy joker?!
What in the devil's name are you doing in Warwickshire?
Don't worry, Sir John, I really should be there already and so should you, but at least my men are there already.
The King is certainly expecting us.
We will have to travel all night.
Oh, don't you worry about me!
I am as alert as a cat is when it's trying to steal cream.
I think you must have stolen cream, because whatever you steal turns to fat.
Tell me, Jack, whose men are these?
Mine, Hal, they are mine.
I've never seen such a pitiful bunch.
Oh hush, they are good enough to die  they are cannon fodder , just cannon fodder.
They can be thrown into a
That might be so, Sir John, but they look incredibly poor and thin, almost like beggars.
Well, I don't know where they got their poverty from, and as for their thinness, I know for certain that they didn't get that from me.
No, definitely not, unless you think that having layers of fat over your ribs makes you thin.
But come on, sir, let's hurry.
Percy is already at the battlefield.
What?
He is, Sir John.
I'm afraid if we don't hurry, we'll get there too late.
Well, an excited guest gets to a feast early, whereas a bad fighter gets to a battle as late as he can!
We will fight with King Henry tonight.
We can't.
Then you are giving him the advantage by waiting until morning.
Not at all.
Why do you say that?
Isn't he looking for extra reinforcements?
Yes, but we are, too.
He will definitely find reinforcements, but we probably won't.
Good nephew, listen to me.
Do not fight tonight.
Do not, my lord.
You are not giving him good advice.
You are only saying this because you are scared and nervous.
Don't slander me, Douglas.
Yes, or tonight.
Enough.
I say we attack tonight.
Come on, we can't do that.
I don't understand how you can be such great leaders and not see the obvious problems that slow us down.
My cousin Vernon and his cavalry haven't arrived yet.
They enemy's horses are also tired and weak from their long journey.
Many of our other horses are well rested.
The King has many more soldiers than we do.
For God's sake, nephew, wait until more men are here.
And I pray I will continue to do so for as long as you stand against the anointed King, ignoring the boundaries of natural order and good government.
But now to my task.
The King has sent me to find out what your complaints are, and why you are starting another war in a time of peace, encouraging such violence and cruelty across his loyal land.
The King is kind, and we know that the King makes good promises and sticks to them.
Enough.
Now to my point.
Is this what you want me to say to the King?
No, Sir Walter.
We will hold off on battle for a while.
I wish you would accept the King's graceful and loving offer.
Maybe we will.
I pray to God that you do.
My good lord, I can guess what they are about.
I'm sure you can.
Good Sir Michael, tomorrow is a day which will test the fortunes of ten thousand men.
I have been told sir, that the King and his big and quickly collected army will fight Hotspur at Shrewsbury.
Why, my good lord, you don't need to be scared.
There are still Douglas and Lord Mortimer.
No, Mortimer is not there.
That's true.
But the King has assembled noble warriors from all over the land: The Prince of Wales, Lord John of Lancaster, the noble Westmoreland, the warlike Blunt, and many more comrades and honorable men who are valued and good in battle.
It's certain that they will face strong opposition.
How bloody the sun looks as it peers over that looming hill.
Then let it sympathize with the losing side, since nothing seems bad to people who have just won a battle.
You didn't seek it?
Then how did it happen?
Be quiet, you chatterer.
Both of our armies contain many men who will sacrifice their lives for this battle, once it starts.
Tell your nephew that the Prince of Wales agrees with the whole world in praising Henry Percy.
I swear on my hopes of salvation, that except for his current actions, I don't think there's another man alive who is as brave, courageous, daring, or bold as him, or has acted as nobly.
And, Prince of Wales, I should let you stake your life on this, even though there are countless reasons why I shouldn't.
He isn't going to accept  I could bet my life on it.
Douglas and Hotspur are confident that they could fight against the whole world and win.
Hal, if you see me fall down during the battle, stand over me to defend me from further harm.
Only a giant would be able to be that friend for you.
Say your prayers, and goodbye.
I wish it was just bedtime, Hal, and that everything was okay.
Why, you owe God a death .
Not yet I don't.
I don't want to pay God before I have to.
Why would I be so eager to pay God before he even asks for it?
Well, it doesn't matter anyway.
Honor drives me forward.
Yes, but what if honor also picks me out to die when I go bravely forward?
What then?
Can honor reattach a leg?
No.
Or an arm?
No.
Or take away the pain of a wound?
No.
Honor can't do surgery then?
No.
What is honor?
A word.
Well what's in that word "honor?"
What is that "honor?"
Just air.
What a great deal!
Who has it?
That guy who died on Wednesday.
Does he feel it?
No.
Does he hear it?
No.
It would be better if he did.
The we would be ruined.
There is no way that the King is going to keep his word and forgive us.
He will always be suspicious and will find another reason to punish us for this rebellion.
Say what you think is best; I will back you up.
My uncle has returned.
Let the Lord of Westmoreland go.
What's the latest, uncle?
The King said that he will soon fight you in battle.
Send a message of defiance in response.
Lord Douglas, go and tell him this.
Indeed, I will, and gladly.
The King doesn't seem to be very forgiving.
Did you ask for forgiveness?
I hope not.
Get your weapons gentlemen, get your weapons!
I have sent a bold message of defiance to King Henry, and our recent hostage Westmoreland will deliver it to him.
The Prince of Wales stepped forward before his father, and challenged you, nephew, to fight him in single combat.
No, on my life.
Cousin, I think you might have been enchanted by his foolishness.
I've never heard of a Prince who used his freedom so irresponsibly.
But whatever he is really like, before this night is over I will embrace him with a soldier's arms, and he will tremble when I do.
My lord, here are letters for you.
I can't read them now.
Get ready my lord.
The King is almost here.
I am thankful that he has stopped me from saying anymore, since I am not good with words.
I will just say this  each man should do his best.
What is your name, you who attacked me in battle?
What honor are you going to get by fighting me?
That is true.
The Lord of Stafford has paid heavily today for his resemblance to you, since my sword killed him instead of you, King Harry.
Now finally my sword will kill you, unless you surrender to being my prisoner.
Where?
Here.
This body, Douglas?
No, I recognize this man's face.
Wherever your soul is going, may the name of "fool" go with it!
You have given your life for a borrowed title.
Why did you tell me that you were a king?
The King has made many soldiers march in his clothes.
Now, I swear by my sword that I will kill everyone wearing his coats .
I will murder his entire wardrobe, one by one, until I get to the King himself.
Get going then!
Our soldiers are on the verge of victory!
Although I managed to escape without paying in London, I am scared I won't escape so easily here.
Here everything is taken on the head.
Wait, who is this?
Sir Walter Blunt.
There's honor for you, but there's no vanity.
What?
Are you standing around doing nothing?
Oh, Hal, just give me a second to catch my breath.
Even Turk Gregory never fought as heroically as I have done today.
I have killed Percy, now it's okay.
He is certainly okay, and will now be coming to kill you.
Come on, lend me your sword.
Give it to me.
Is it in its holster?
Yes, Hal, it's hot, very hot  it could sack a city.

Harry, I beg you to withdraw from the battle.
You are bleeding too much.
Lord John of Lancaster, go with him.
My lord, I won't  not unless I am bleeding too.
Your Majesty, I beg you  please keep your troops moving forward!
Okay, I will.
My Lord of Westmoreland, take him to his tent.
Come on, my lord, I'll take you to your tent.
Take me, my lord?
We have taken too long of a break.
Come on, Westmoreland; we are needed this way.
For God's sake, come on!
By God, you have deceived me, Lancaster.
I didn't think that you had such courage.
Lancaster had Lord Percy at sword's length and act with more aggression than I could have expected from a soldier of his age .
Oh, this boy gives us all hope!
Another king!
They grow like the heads of Hydra !
I am Douglas, and I will murder anyone who wears that coat of arms.
Who are you, dressed up like the King?
Look at me, you vile Scotsman, or you will never look at anyone again.
The spirits of brave Shirley, Stafford, and Blunt empower me.
It is the Prince of Wales who threatens you, and I will always fulfill the promises I make.
Stay here, and rest for a while.
You have redeemed your awful reputation, and by rescuing me, you have shown that you do care about my life.
Go to Clifton.
I'll go to Sir Nicholas Gawsey.
If I am not mistaken, you are Harry Monmouth.
You speak like I would deny my own name.
My name is Harry Percy.
Why then, you must be the brave rebel I am looking for with the same name.
I am the Prince of Wales and you can't share in my glory any longer, Percy.
Two stars can't fit into one orbit, and likewise, England can't handle a double reign, with both Harry Percy and the Prince of Wales in charge.
I can't listen to any more of your vain boasts.
Well done, Hal!
Keep it up!
This is no child's play, I can tell you that.
Oh, Harry, you have taken away my youth.
For worms, brave Percy.
Goodbye, brave thing.
It's amazing how much your excessive ambition has already shrunk!
Disemboweled?
If you disembowel me today, I'll let you preserve my body in salt and eat me for dinner tomorrow!
God, I had to pretend to be dead, or that savage Scotsman would have definitely killed me.
A fake?
No, I am not a fake.
Come on John, my brother.
You have fought very bravely in your first battle.
Hang on, who do we have here?
Didn't you tell me that this fat man was dead?
No, that's for certain.
I am not an apparition.
But if I am not Jack Falstaff, then I'm a villain.
Here is Percy.
If your father will give me the honor I deserve, let him do so.
If not, let him kill the next Percy himself.
I killed Percy myself, and I saw you dead on the ground.
Did you?
This is the strangest story I've ever heard.
This is the strangest man alive, brother John.
Come on then, carry that body with pride on your back.
As for me, if lying is going to help your case, then I will support you however I can.
I'll follow them, but only to get my reward.
Let God reward whoever rewards me.
Rebellions will always end in defeat and punishment.
Oh, evil minded Worcester, didn't we send you a kind offer of pardon, and the possibility for a restored friendship?
Kill Worcester, and Vernon too.
I will decide about the other offenders later.
I do, with all my heart.
Then brother, John of Lancaster, I am giving you the honor of this great task.
Go to Douglas and set him free, without a ransom.
His courage when fighting against us today must be acknowledged, even if he was fighting with our enemies.
Your Grace, I thank you very much for this honor, and will go and do this immediately.
Then all that remains to do is for us to split up our army.
John and Westmoreland, you must quickly take your armies towards York to confront Northumberland and that Archbishop Scroop who are preparing for battle as we speak.
Harry, my son  you and I will travel towards Wales to fight with Glendower and Mortimer.
Any rebels in this land will be stopped, if they lose another battle like they lost today.
So since we have already been very successful, let's not stop until we have won every battle, and reclaimed what is ours.
Excuse me, who is the porter around here?
Who shall I say that you are?
Tell the Earl that Lord Bardolph is here to see him.
His Lordship is currently walking in the garden.
If you want to, knock on the gate of the garden and he will greet you himself.
Here's the Earl now.
What news do you have for me, Lord Bardolph?
There seems to be a new military strategy every minute.
These are violent times.
This war is like a horse which has been overfed and then breaks out in rage and tramples on everything in its way.
Noble Earl, I have news for you from Shrewsbury.
Good news, I hope.
It's the best that we could have hoped for.
How do you know this?
Did you see it happen?
Have you just come from Shrewsbury?
Now, Travers, what good news do you have for me?
Sir, Lord Bardolph sent me back here, having told me his happy news.
What?
My lord, I'll tell you what: if your son hasn't been successful today, I swear that I will give up everything I have, in exchange for a piece of lace .
Don't even think about such an outcome.
But why would this gentleman ride by Travers and make up such horrible things?
What, him?
Yes, this man's face is like the title page of a book, preparing to tell a tragic story.
His face has been left marked with sadness, just like the shore after a terrible flood.
Have you just come from Shrewsbury, Morton?
How are my son and my brother?
You are trembling and your white face gives away your news  you don't even need to say a word.
Douglas is still living and so is your brother for now.
Why, he is dead.
My suspicions were so quick to say so!
Even when a man fears something that he doesn't want to know, his instinct and the look in other people's eyes tell him that the thing has happened.
You are far too great a man to be lied to; your intuition is correct; your fears are right.
But in spite of all this, please don't say that Percy's dead.
I can see some reluctant confession in your eyes.
You shake your head and seem afraid to tell the truth in case it is sinful.
If he is dead, just tell me.
I don't want to believe that your son is dead, my lord.
There will be time to mourn for this.
This intense passion isn't good for you, my lord,
Kind Earl, don't let your wronged sense of honor make you forget your wisdom.
It is the right time for that.
Also, my noble lord, I have heard for certain  and this is the truth  that the Archbishop of York has raised a strong army.
He keeps his followers by using both his earthly and his spiritual powers.
Sir , you giant, what did the doctor say about my urine?
Sir, he said that the urine itself was healthy urine, but as for the person who made the urine, he probably has more diseases than the doctor can even tell.
All sorts of men seem to feel proud when they take a stab at me.
The brain of this stupid man  made out of clay  or any man for that matter, isn't able to come up with anything that makes people laugh as much as I do.
I am not only extremely witty myself, but I am also the reason why other men are witty.
I walk here before you like a sow that has killed all of her babies, except for you.
If the Prince sent you to work for me for any other reason than to make me angry, well then I'm an idiot.
Damn him to hell then, just like Dives !
I hope to God that he burns even hotter!
He's gone to Smithfield to buy you a horse, sir.
You know, I bought Bardolph in Saint Paul's .
Sir, this is the nobleman who put the Prince in prison for hitting him when they were arguing about Bardolph.
Who are you?
Falstaff, if it pleases your Lordship.
The same Falstaff who was a suspect in that robbery?
What?
He's off to York?
Sir John Falstaff!
Boy, tell him that I am deaf.
Sorry, you need to speak louder.
My master is deaf.
I'm sure he is  at least when anything good is being said.
Then go and grab him by the arm.
I need to speak to him.
Sir John!
What?
A young rascal and a beggar at that?
Are there not wars happening?
Aren't there things to do?
Doesn't the King need more subjects?
You've got me all wrong, sir.
Why sir, have I said that you are an honest man?
Because, ignoring the fact that I'm a knight and a soldier, I would be a liar if I had said that.
Then I'm asking you, sir, to ignore the fact that you're a knight and a soldier, and let me tell you that you're lying if you say that I am anything other than an honest man.
Do I have to let you tell me that?
I am expected to ignore the things which define me as a person.
Sir, my lord wants to speak to you.
Sir John Falstaff, a word please.
My good lord.
I hope God gives your Lordship a good day.
It's good to see your Lordship out and about.
I heard some people saying that you have been sick.
Sir John, I sent for you before you went off to fight at Shrewsbury.
I am not here to talk about the King.
Why didn't you come when I sent for you?
I have also heard that his Highness has got the same awful paralysis.
Well, I hope that he recovers soon.
Now please, I need to speak to you.
Why are you telling me all about it?
Leave it alone.
It comes from too much sadness, from mental concentration, and from disturbances in the brain.
I have read about the causes of this disease in the writings of Galen .
It's a kind of deafness.
It's possible, my lord, it's possible.
But instead, if it pleases you, I think that I have the disease of not listening, the sickness of not paying attention  that is what I have.
The only way to fix that problem would be to put you in prison, and I can't say that I'd mind being your doctor.
My lord, I am as poor as Job , but not as patient.
When I sent for you, there were charges against you which could have had you killed.
I was advised that because of the rules of military service and the fact that I was on duty, I should not go to you.
Well, the truth is that you have a huge reputation for doing dishonorable things, Sir John.
Anyone who wears a belt as huge as mine couldn't be thought of as anything less.
You don't have very much, but you waste what you do have.
I wish it were different.
I wish I had more and my waist was smaller.
You have misled the young Prince.
No, the young Prince has misled me.
I'm just a man with a huge belly and he's the dog who leads me.
Well, I don't want to open up a wound that has just healed.
The good deeds you did at the Battle of Shrewsbury have partly made up for the robbery you committed at Gad's Hill.
You can thank the rebellion for helping your offense be forgotten.
My lord!
Now that everything is all right, let's make sure things stay like that.
We don't need to wake a sleeping wolf.
It's as bad to wake a wolf as it is to smell a fox.
Then I'm a large, fat candle, made of animal fat, my lord.
The white hairs on your face should be enough to tell me you're a man of gravity.
No, I'm more a man of gravy, gravy, gravy.
You follow the young Prince wherever he goes, like some kind of evil spirit.
That's not true, my lord.
An evil spirit is light on its feet, and I'm sure that anyone who looks at me can tell that I'm too heavy.
But I guess in some ways maybe you're right.
I don't know what to think.
Do you include yourself on the list of the young, even though you have age written all over you?
My lord, I was born at about three o'clock in the afternoon, with a white head and a slightly round belly.
As for my voice, I lost it by shouting and singing loud songs.
I don't feel the need to prove my youth anymore to you.
The truth is, I'm only old when it comes to my good judgement and my knowledge.
If anyone wants to challenge me to a dancing competition for a thousand marks , then hand over the money and let's go!
As for the slap against your head that the Prince gave you, he gave it like a rude prince, and you took it like a sensible lord.
I have told him off for it, and the young lion is sorry.
I hope that God sends the Prince a better friend!
I hope that the friend gets sent a better prince.
I can't get rid of this one.
Well, the King has made sure that you and Prince Harry are separated.
Apparently you are going with Lord John of Lancaster to fight against the Archbishop of York and the Earl of Northumberland.
Yes, and thanks for bringing that up.
Well, stay true, stay true.
Will your Lordship lend me a thousand pounds so I can get ready for the battle?
I'm not going to lend you a penny.
You're too eager for trouble.
Goodbye to you now.
Send my regards to Westmoreland.
If I do, smack me with a sledgehammer.
Sir.
How much money do I have in my purse?
Seven groats and two pence.
There's nothing I can do to make the state of my purse any better.
Borrowing money only delays the inevitable, but there is no cure for this disease.
I agree with why we are fighting, but I would feel happier if I knew how we were going to be strong enough to fight with so few resources against the King's powerful forces.
Our present army now stands at twenty five thousand good men, and we are hoping for reinforcements from the great Northumberland, whose heart is burning with the grief of his loss.
Then the question is, Lord Hastings, would we be able to win this fight solely with our own twenty five thousand men, without Northumberland's help?
With his help, we could win.
That's precisely my point.
If we think that we are too weak to fight without him, then I think that we should hold off on doing anything until we know that he is definitely coming.
In a battle as bloody as this one will be, we cannot allow for uncertainty.
But, forgive me, it's doesn't hurt to think about possible outcomes of the battle and hopeful strategies that we could use.
Even if everything that we're hoping for falls through and the men that we have now are all that we're going to have, I still think that our army is strong enough as we are to be a match for the King.
We also don't need to be worried about him bringing all of his troops back together to fight against us with his full power.
If he did that, he'd be vulnerable from all other sides, with the French and the Welsh hot on his heels.
So don't worry about that happening.
Who will be leading his troops to fight against us?
Let's continue with our plan then.
We will announce the reasons why we are fighting.
Shall we go to round up our troops and set off?
Time is our leader, and Time tells us to get going.
Master Fang, have you filed my complaint?
It has been filed.
Where's your second in command?
Is he a fit second in command?
Will he be up to the task?
Sir!
Where's Snare?
Oh God, yes, good Master Snare!
I'm here, I'm here.
Snare, we have to arrest Sir John Falstaff.
Yes, good Master Snare, I have filed an official complaint against him and everything.
Doing that might cost some of us our lives  he'll try and stab us.
Oh dear, watch out for that!
He's stabbed me in my own house , and it was horrible, it really was.
He doesn't care what kind of trouble he gets into.
If his weapon is out, he will thrust it at anyone around, like some kind of devil.
No man, woman, or child is safe from him.
As long as I can get close enough to him, I won't worry about his thrusting .
If I could just hit him once, if he just comes within my sight
What's all this?!
Whose horse is dead?
What's all the fuss about?
Sir John, I arrest you for the case brought against you by Mistress Quickly.
Go away, you rascals!
Draw your sword, Bardolph.
Cut off this villain's head.
Throw this whore in the gutter.
Throw me in the gutter?
I'll throw you in the gutter.
You will, will you, you monstrous villain?
Murder, murder!
Oh, you honeysuckle villain, are you going to kill God's officers, and the King's?
Oh, you honeyseed rogue, you are just that  a honeyseed, a man killer, and a woman killer.
Keep them away from me, Bardolph.
An escape, an escape!
People, bring him an escape or two!
You will, will you?
You will, will you?
Do it then, do it then, you villain.
Do it, you hempseed .
Get away from me, you lackey, you ruffian, you fat old thing!
I'll smack your butt!
What is the matter?
Let's have some order here, come on!
My good lord, be good to me.
Please stand up for me.
What's going on, Sir John?
Why are you fighting?
Oh, my magnificent lord, I beg your pardon; I'm just a poor widow from Eastcheap, and he has been arrested because I've made a case against him.
What sum does he owe you?
It's more than some, my lord  it's everything I have!
He's eaten me out of house and home.
He's put everything I have into that fat belly of his.
I think it's likely that I will ride you, if I manage to get on top of you.
How has this happened, Sir John?
What is the total amount that I owe you?
Sir John, Sir John, I know only too well how you can manipulate the truth and twist it into lies.
But don't worry, I'm not going to be swayed by your confident manner, or the stream of words that always comes with your rude and disrespectful behavior  I will consider this fairly.
From what I can tell, you have abused the kindness of this woman, and made her take care of you with her money  and in other ways.
Yes, he has, my lord.
Be quiet, please.
Pay back your debt to her, and make up for the wrongs you have done to her.
My lord, I won't just take this insult without replying.
You call my honorable actions rude and disrespectful.
Is a man only virtuous if he bows and says nothing?
No, my lord, with all due respect, I'm not going to be completely silent.
Come here, hostess.
Now, Master Gower, what is the news?
My lord, the King and Harry Prince of Wales are almost here.
This letter will tell you everything else.
On my honor!
Really?!
On my honor as a gentleman!
Come on, let's stop talking about it.
I swear on the heavenly ground that I walk on, that I will have to pawn my best silverware and the tapestries in my dining room.
Don't worry about that.
Please, Sir John, let's just call it just twenty nobles .
Please, I don't want to have to pawn my best silverware, so help me God.
All right, I'll leave it.
I'll find some other way around it.
I guess you'll always be a fool.
Well, I will lend it to you, even if I have to pawn my dresses.
I hope you'll come and have dinner tonight?
You can pay it all back to me then?
I swear on my life!
Go with her, go with her.
Would you like Doll Tearsheet to meet you for dinner?
No more talking.
Let's have her.
I've heard better news.
What's the news, my good lord?
Where did the King sleep last night?
At Basingstoke, my lord.
I hope everything is all right, my lord.
What's happened, my lord?
Did all of his troops come back?
Has the King come back from Wales, my noble lord?
I'll give you some letters soon.
Come on, let's go, Master Gower.
My lord!
What's the matter?
Master Gower, would you like to have lunch with me?
Would you like to have dinner with me then, Master Gower?
What foolish teacher taught you to have these manners, Sir John?
Master Gower, if my manners aren't suitable, then the person who taught me them is a fool.
This is how people play, my lord: they each give as good as they have, and then they part as equals.
May the Lord help you.
You are a great fool.
I swear to God, I am incredibly tired.
Are you really?
I didn't think people as noble as you ever got tired.
Well, I am  although admitting it does make me feel less noble.
Would it be awful for me to say that I really want a small beer ?
A prince shouldn't be so indulgent as to want something as vile as a small beer.
Well then my appetite is not the appetite of a prince, because all I want right now is a small beer.
But you're right, these lowly thoughts do take me away from my noble position.
After everything you have done in battle, it seems wrong for you to spend your time chatting about nothing!
Tell me, how many good, young princes would do what you're doing if their fathers were as sick as yours is?
Shall I tell you something, Poins?
Yes, please, and let it be something worthwhile.
It will be good enough for people who aren't any more intelligent than you are.
Go on then.
I can stand up to anything that you will say.
I swear that you think I'm as bad as you and Falstaff are  as stubborn and as persistent.
That's not the case.
Why?
What would you think of me if I were crying?
I would think you're a royal hypocrite.
That would be what every man would think, and you're blessed to think the same as every man does.
No one agrees with public opinions more than you do.
Every man would think that I'm a hypocrite.
And what makes you think that?
Because you've acted so obscenely and you're so attached to Falstaff.
So are you.
But indeed, people think highly of me.
I've heard their praises with my own ears.
He's the boy that I sent to work for Falstaff.
I sent him away as a young, Christian boy, and now the fat villain has turned him into a fool .
God save your Grace .
And yours, most noble Bardolph.
Come on, you virtuous ass, you embarrassed fool  why are you blushing?
Why are you blushing right now?
What a feminine soldier you've become!
Is it such a bad thing to knock of a pot of ale ?
He called me just now, from behind a red window, and I could barely tell which was the window and which was his face.
The boy must have learned a lot from Falstaff?
Get out of here, you silly, little rabbit, get out!
You go away, you vile Althea's dream.
Tell us, boy.
What is this dream?
Well, my lord, Althea dreamed that she gave birth to a fiery rod.
That joke is worth a crown !
Here it is, my boy.
If all of you don't end up getting this boy hanged, the gallows have been robbed.
And how is your master doing, Bardolph?
He is doing well, my good lord.
He heard that your Grace was coming to town.
Here's a letter for you.
Delivered as it should be.
And how is that fat beast, your master?
His body's healthy at least.
Indeed, it's his soul that really needs a doctor's help.
But that doesn't bother him.
God, I've allowed this great lump to be as familiar to me as my dog, and he keeps a tight hold on his rank.
"John Falstaff, knight.  "
Why, that sounds like contract, not a letter.
Quiet!
"I will be like the Romans and be brief about it.  "
He must mean shortness of breath  he's probably wheezing.
"I salute myself, I salute you, and I leave it.
Don't get too close to Poins, as he abuses your kindness so much that he is positive that you're going to marry his sister, Nell.
Repent for your sins when you have the time, and so, goodbye.
Yours here and there, for which I mean, however you want him to be, I am still Jack Falstaff to my friends, John to my brothers and sisters, and Sir John to the rest of Europe.  "
My lord, I'll cover this letter in wine and force him to eat it.
That would force him to eat twenty of his words.
But are you really abusing my kindness, Ned?
Do I actually have to marry your sister?
It would definitely be good for her if you did.
But no, I never said anything like that.
Look at us wasting time here, while the wise angels sit in heaven laughing at us.
Is your master here in London?
Yes, my lord.
Where is he having dinner?
Is that old pig eating in his old feeding place?
At the old place in Eastcheap, my lord.
Who's he with?
The same old faces.
Do any women eat with him?
Just old Mistress Quickly and Mistress Doll Tearsheet.
Which whore is that?
Sir, she's a proper lady, and related to my master.
The same kind of relationship that country cows have with the local bull, I'm guessing.
Shall we sneak up on them while they're having dinner, Ned?
I'm your shadow, my lord.
I'll follow you.
Sir  you there, boy  and you, Bardolph: don't say anything to your master about me being in town.
This is for your silence.
I have no tongue to tell him anything, sir.
I have a tongue, sir.
Goodbye to you then.
Off you go.
I bet that she's as commonly used as the road between Saint Albans and London.
How can we make Falstaff show his true colors tonight and not be recognized ourselves?
Let's put on two leather jackets and aprons, and wait on him, pretending to be bartenders.
To go from being a god to a bull is quite a step down.
But Jove did it.
I give up.
I won't say another word.
Do what you want; your wisdom can guide you now.
For goodness' sake, my sweet wife: my honor is at risk here.
Oh, but still, don't go to these wars, for God's sake.
Oh, go to Scotland then, until these noblemen and their armies have made some progress in their rebellion.
Come on now, go inside with me.
My mind is currently filled with thoughts that are like a high tide at a standstill, not coming or going.
I want to go and join the Archbishop  but there are thousands of reasons holding me back.
I will go to Scotland.
What on earth have you got there  apple johns ?
You know that Sir John hates apple johns.
God, that's true.
Well then, put the table cloth on and set the dishes down on top.
Then go see if you can find Sneak's band of musicians.
By God, there's going to be some fun had here.
What an excellent plan!
I'll go see if I can find Sneak and his band.
Truthfully, sweetheart, I think you are in an excellent mood .
Your pulse is beating as quickly as you want it to, and your cheeks are as red as any rose, honestly!
I'm doing better than I was.
Well said!
A good heart is worth a lot of gold.
Look, here comes Sir John.
She's sick of a qualm , in all truth.
That's common for women of her type.
As soon as they have a moment of calm, they get sick.
Damn you, you fat idiot.
Is that all you can say to make me feel better?
You make rascals fat, Mistress Doll.
I make them fat?
No, overeating and diseases make men fat.
If the cook helps us to overeat, then you help us to catch diseases, Doll.
We catch them from you, Doll, from you.
At least admit to that, my poor girl.
Yes, my dear, you get from us the valuable things we've been given.
Oh, go die, you disgusting eel, go die somewhere!
I swear, it's always like this.
You two can never meet without having some kind of argument.
I swear, you're both as hot as dry toast   you can't stand each others flaws .
What on earth is wrong with you two!
Can this weak, empty vessel take the weight of such a huge, fat, barrel?
There's an entire merchant's stock of Bordeaux wine in him.
I've never seen a ship with a bigger load stuffed in the hold.
Come on, I'll be friends with you, Jack.
You're going off to fight in the wars, and whether or not I will ever see you again  well, who cares, really.
Sir, Pistol the standard bearer is downstairs and would like to speak to you.
I hope he dies, that rude scoundrel!
If he's going to cause any problems, then don't let him come in.
No, indeed, I have to think about my neighbors.
Did you hear, hostess?
Please be quiet for a minute, Sir John.
I'm not having any troublemakers here.
Did you hear?
It's my standard bearer.
Oh fiddlesticks, Sir John, I don't want to know.
And your horrible standard bearer is not coming in here.
He's not a troublemaker, hostess.
He's just a harmless cheater, honestly.
You can pet him like he's some kind of little puppy.
A "cheater " you call him?
I won't stop any honest man from coming into my bar, nor any cheater.
You really are, hostess.
Am I?
God save you, Sir John.
Welcome Pistol, my standard bearer.
Here, Pistol, I toast to you with this glass of wine.
Now, kindly do the same for our hostess.
Sir John, all I will do for her is unload two big bullets .
She's Pistol proof.
Sir, there's not much you can do to harm her.
Come on now, I'm not going to have any proofs, or any bullets.
I will only drink as much as I want to.
Then what about you, Mistress Dorothy?
I'll charge you.
Charge me?
I'm just going to ignore that, you vile man.
I know you, Mistress Dorothy.
Get away from me, you pickpocket, you villain, you horrible thief!
I swear on this very wine that I will stab you in your moldy face if you keep on like this.
Get away from me, you cheap rascal, you out of date soldier!
Can I ask, since when have you been a soldier?
With two armor tags on your shoulders, I bet!
I will strangle your neck for saying that, or at least will die trying to.
Enough, Pistol.
I don't want you to go off on anyone here.
Go somewhere else, Pistol.
No, good Captain Pistol.
Captain?
You despicable, damned cheater: aren't you ashamed to be called a captain?
If captains thought of you like I do, they would beat you for taking their title without earning it.
You, a captain?
You rogue, a captain of what?
Of ripping up a poor whore's clothes in a brothel?
Is he a captain?
Let him die, the villain.
He lives off the moldy food that is left over in brothels.
A captain?
By God, men like him with make the word "captain" as hated as the word, "occupy ," a word that was a great choice, before it was tainted.
Therefore, captains should be ready for that.
Please, calm down, good standard bearer.
Listen to me, Mistress Doll.
Please, calm down!
Good Captain Pistol, please be quiet.
Honestly, it's very late.
Please, rein in your anger.
These are fine goings on indeed.
Honestly, captain, those are very aggressive words.
Leave now, good standard bearer.
This will turn into a fight before long.
Let men die like dogs!
Give away the King's crowns like they're nothing!
Isn't this a sword, a Hiren here?
Then keep eating and get fat, my beautiful lady.
Come on, give me some wine.
If my fortunes torment me, then hope contents me .
Should we have to fear an attack?
No, let the devil start shooting.
Give me some wine, and, sweetheart, you can lie down there.

Is this where this all ends?
Pistol, I would be quiet if I were you.
Sweet knight, I kiss your hand goodnight.
Look, it's so late that we can see the Big Dipper.
For God's sake, throw him down the stairs.
I can't stand anymore of this ridiculous fool.
"Throw him down the stairs?"
Throw him down, Bardolph, like a coin rolling along some game board.
Come on, get downstairs.
What?
Is there going to be a cutting now?
Will we shed blood?
Then let death rock me to sleep; let death end my sad days!
This should be good.
Give me my sword, boy.
Please, Jack, please don't fight him.
Get downstairs.
This is going to be quite a fight.
I swear, I would rather close my bar than have to put up with such terrors and frights.
It's murder, I'm telling you!
Please, Jack, calm down now.
The bastard's gone.
Oh, you stupid, little, brave scoundrel, you!
Did he get you in the groin?
I thought that he got a good whack at your stomach.
Have you thrown him out?
Yes, sir.
The fool is drunk.
You hurt his shoulder, sir.
That fool!
Oh, you sweet little rascal, you!
Oh, my poor little monkey, look how much you're sweating!
Come on, let me wipe your face clean.
Come on, little chubby cheeks.
Oh, you rascal, truthfully, I love you.
You're as brave as Hector of Troy, you're worth five Agamemnons , and you're at least ten times better than all of the Nine Worthies .
Oh, you villain!
Oh, what a rascal and a villain!
I will toss that scoundrel around in a blanket.
Do it, if you dare to risk your life.
If you do, I'll toss you around as well, between the sheets.
The musicians are here, sir.
Let them play.
Play, sirs.
Doll, come and sit on my knee.
What a rascal, a bragging scoundrel!
That villain ran away from me like quicksilver.
He did, and you followed him like a church, at your own pace.
Be quiet, good Doll.
Don't speak like some kind of reminder of death; don't make me remember my own mortality.
Sir, what is the Prince like?
People say that Poins is very witty.
Poins?
Very witty?
Let him hang; he's a baboon!
His wit is about as thick as Tewkesbury mustard .
Why does the Prince love him so much then?
Why don't we cut this fat thing's ears off?
Let's beat him in front of his whore.
Look at how this decrepit, old man is having his head scratched like he's some kind of parrot.
Isn't it strange that human desires last so much longer than the actual ability to perform?
Kiss me, Doll.
I guess Saturn and Venus must be aligned this year!
What does the almanac have to say about that?
And look how his man  that red faced Bardolph  is whispering love to Mistress Quickly, his master's old companion.
You flatter me with all of your kisses.
Truthfully, every kiss I give you comes from the heart.
But I'm old, I'm old.
I love you more than I could love any silly, young boy.
Out of what material shall we make you a new bodice and skirt?
I will get money on Thursday, so you can have a new hat tomorrow.
Play something happy!
Come on, it's getting late.
Let's go to bed.
You will soon forget me when I am gone.
I swear, you'll make me cry if you keep saying things like that.
I swear that I won't wear any pretty clothes until you come back from the wars.
Just you wait and see.
Some wine, Francis.
Coming, sir.
Ha?
Aren't you a bastard son of the King's?
And aren't you his companion, Poins?
Well, you're like a globe, covered in sinful areas.
A better one than you.
That's true, sir, and I've come to pull you out of here by your ears.
Oh, God bless your good Grace!
Indeed, welcome to London.
May the Lord bless that sweet face of yours.
Oh Jesus, have you come all the way from Wales?
You son of a bitch, you great lump of royalty!
What?
You fat fool!
My lord, if you don't show him how angry you are now, he will find some way to turn it into some big joke.
Did you hear me?
Yes, and you knew I was there, didn't you?
This is just like the time you ran away from me at Gad's Hill .
No, no, sir, that's not true.
I didn't know that you could hear me.
Then I will have to force you to confess that you meant to say such awful things  such slander about me.
It wasn't slander, Hal.
It wasn't slander, Hal.
It wasn't?
No slander, Ned, in the world, honest Ned, none.
Now your total fear and complete cowardice have made you wrong this honest woman, just so that we won't be angry with you.
Answer him, you rotten old thing, answer him.
The devil has put Bardolph on his list for certain, and his face is like Lucifer's kitchen  a place where only drunks are.
As for the boy, there is definitely a good angel looking after him, but also a devil that overpowers it.
What about the women?
One of them is already in hell and infects poor men.
As for the other one, I owe her money, and I don't know if she's damned.
I'm not, I can assure you of that.
No, I think you're not; I think you're forgiven for that.
Anyone who sells food does that.
What's wrong with just a little bit of meat during Lent ?
Excuse me, gentlewoman.
What is it, your Grace?
His Grace calls her a gentlewoman, even when his body knows she's a whore.
Who's knocking so loudly at my door?
See who it is, Francis.
Now it's the best time of the night, and we have to go before we can enjoy it.
You are needed at court immediately, sir.
A dozen captains are waiting at the door for you.
Pay the musicians, sir.
Goodbye, hostess.
Goodbye, Doll.
Look how wanted important men like me are.
A person who does nothing might as well just sleep, while men of action like me get going.
Goodbye, my lovely women.
If I am not sent off to the wars right away, I will see you again before I go.
I can't speak.
Goodbye, goodbye.
Well, goodbye to you.
I will have known you for twenty nine years by the time the peas grow this summer.
Mistress Tearsheet!
What's the matter?
Tell Mistress Tearsheet to go to my master.
Oh run, Doll, run, run, good Doll.
Come on.
A very good morning to you, your Majesty.
Is it morning, lords?
It's at least one o'clock, probably later.
Well then, good morning to both of you, my lords.
Have you read over the letters that I sent you?
We have, my lord.
Then you realize how sick our kingdom is, and what diseases are spreading across the land, right to the heart of our nation.
The body is only mildly unwell, and can be brought back to full strength with some good care and a little bit of medicine.
Lord Northumberland will not be a problem for long.
Were all these things necessary then?
That can't be true, my lord.
Rumor, like an echoing voice, always doubles the amount of troops.
Please go to bed now, your Grace.
I swear on my life that the army you have already sent out will win this battle very easily.
To make things even better, I've heard for certain that Glendower is dead .
Your Majesty has been ill these past two weeks, and being up at these hours is only going to make you worse.
I will take your advice.
And once we have stopped these civil wars, we will march to the Holy Land , my dear lords.
Come on, come on, come on.
Shake my hand, sir, shake my hand.
You're an early riser, by the Holy Cross.
How are you, Silence?
Good morning, good cousin Shallow.
How is my cousin, your wife?
And how is your beautiful daughter, my lovely goddaughter Ellen?
Sadly she's got dark hair , Shallow!
You win some, you lose some, sir.
Well, I bet that William has become a good scholar.
He's still at Oxford, right?
He is, sir  and I'm still having to pay for it.
He must be moving on to study law soon.
I once studied at Clement's Inn , and they still talk about crazy Shallow, even today.
I thought you were called, "Lively Shallow" back then, cousin.
By God, I was called anything they wanted to call me, and I would have done anything as well, without a fuss.
There was me, little John Doit from Staffordshire, the dark haired George Barnes, Francis Pickbone, and Will Squele, from the Cotswolds.
Since then, in all of the Inns of Court there have been no four swashbucklers quite like us.
Yet, let me tell you, we knew where to find prostitutes, and we had the best of them at our beck and call.
The same Sir John that's on his way here to recruit some soldiers?
Yes, that Sir John  the very same.
That will be us one day.
You're right, I know you're right  that's for sure.
As the Psalms say in the Bible, "death is certain.  "
Everyone will die.
What price are people charging for a good set of young bulls at Stamford Fair?
I'm not sure, I wasn't there.
Death is certain.
Is Dooble, that old man from your hometown, still alive?
He's dead, sir.
Jesus, Jesus, dead!
He was such a good archer, and now he's dead?
He had an excellent shot!
John of Gaunt loved him, and used to bet money on his incredible aim.
Dead!
That all depends on their quality, but twenty good ewes would be worth about ten pounds.
But old Dooble is dead?
Here come two of Sir John Falstaff's men, I think.
Good morning, honorable gentlemen.
Please, which of you is Justice Shallow?
Sir, I am Robert Shallow  a poor gentleman of this country and one of the King's justices of the peace.
What can I do for you?
It's good to hear from him.
I knew him when he was a good fencer.
How is the good knight?
And if you don't mind me asking, how is his wife?
Sorry, sir.
A soldier doesn't need a wife  he is already accommodated with everything he needs.
Quite right.
Look, here comes good Sir John.
Let me shake your good hand, let me shake Welcome, good Sir John.
I am glad to see you're well, good Master Robert Shallow.
And this must be Master Sure card, I think?
No, Sir John.
This is my cousin Silence, another justice of the peace.
Good Master Silence, your name is very apt for a justice of the peace .
You are welcome here, your Worship.
Damn, it's hot outside, gentleman.
Have you managed to find at least six men to be soldiers for me?
Indeed we have, sir.
Would you like to sit down?
Let me see them, please.
Where's the list?
Where's the list?
Where's the list?
Let me see, let me see, let me see.
So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so.
Right, yes, indeed.
Ralph Mouldy!
Come as I call your names!
Here, sir.
What do you think, Sir John?
He's got a good physique.
Is your name Mouldy?
Yes, sir.
Well, then it's time you were put to good use.
Ha, ha, ha, an excellent joke, indeed!
Things get moldy when they aren't used.
Good one, I swear.
Well said, Sir John, very well said.
Prick him.
I have been pricked enough times before, when you could have just left me alone.
My old lady will be ruined now, without anyone to do her farming and her
That's enough.
Be quiet, Mouldy.
Used up?
Quiet, boy, quiet.
Step aside.
Don't you know where you are?
As for the others, Sir John, let's see who's next.
Simon Shadow!
Great, I can use him as something to sit under .
I'm sure he'll be a cool soldier.
Where's Shadow?
Here, sir.
Shadow, whose son are you?
I am my mother's son, sir.
Your mother's son!
That makes sense, and your father's shadow .
The woman's son is actually a true reflection of the male  that's often how it goes.
But normally, the son doesn't have quite as much to him as the father does.
Do you approve of him, Sir John?
Shadow will be worthwhile for the summer.
Prick him, we're going to need a lot of shadows to fill up this list.
Thomas Wart!
Where is he?
Here, sir.
Is your name Wart?
Yes, sir.
You're a very rough wart.
Shall I prick him on the list, Sir John?
Ha, ha, ha.
That's good, sir, that's good.
I have nothing but praise for you.
Francis Feeble!
Here, sir.
What trade are you in, Feeble?
I'm a woman's tailor, sir.
Shall I prick him, sir?
I'll do what I can, sir.
I can't do anymore than that.
Well said, good woman's tailor!
I wish Wart were going, sir.
If you were a man's tailor, you could mend his clothes and make him prepared to go.
I can't enlist him as a private soldier, when he is already a leader of thousands   thousands of vermin, that is.
But forget about that now, most powerful Feeble.
All right, I'll leave it, sir.
I'm a fan of you, good Feeble.
Who's next?
Peter Bullcalf from the Green.
Oh, yes, let's see Bullcalf.
Here, sir.
By God, he's a good man, I can tell.
Come on, prick Bullcalf for me until he shouts again.
Oh Lord!
Oh Lord, sir, I'm a very sick man.
What disease do you have?
Come on, you will just have to go to war in a dressing gown.
That will help to get rid of your cold, and I will make sure that some of my friends can ring the bell while you're away.
Is that everyone?
There's two more here than you said you needed.
I will come and have a drink with you, but I don't have time to stay for lunch.
It is good to see you, truly it is, Master Shallow.
Oh, Sir John, do you remember when we spent a whole night in the windmill in Saint George's Field ?
Let's not talk about that, good Master Shallow.
Ha, it was a fun night!
Is Jane Nightwork still alive?
She is, Master Shallow.
She could never put up with me.
By God, I could anger her to her very heart.
She was one of the best whores.
Does she still have it?
She's old, very old now, Master Shallow.
Well, of course she's old  she can't help that.
Of course she's old.
She gave birth to Robin Nightwork, the son of old Nightwork, before I even went to Clement's Inn.
That's fifty five years ago now.
We've certainly seen the clock strike midnight a few times, Master Shallow.
We certainly have, we certainly have.
Really, Sir John, we have.
Our motto was "Down with it, boys!  "
Come on, let's go to lunch.
Jesus, the things that we've seen.
Come on, let's go.
Whatever you say.
Stand aside now.
And, good Master Corporal Captain, for my old lady's sake, be my friend.
She has no one else to help her do anything if I go, and she's old and can't take care of herself.
Whatever you say.
Stand aside now.
Truthfully, I don't care.
Very well said.
You're a good man.
I'm telling the truth.
Come on then, sir, which men shall I have?
Whichever four you want.
Sir, can I have a word?
I've been given three pounds to free Mouldy and Bullcalf.
Right!
Come on, Sir John, which four men will you take?
Why don't you choose for me?
Okay then: Mouldy, Bullcalf, Feeble and Shadow.
Mouldy and Bullcalf!
You stay at home until you are too old to fight, Mouldy.
Sir John, Sir John, don't make a bad choice.
They're the best men of the whole group, and I want to make sure you have the best!
Here it is, Wart.
Now march back and forth.
March, march, march.
He is not exactly an expert.
He's not doing it right.
These men will do well, Master Shallow.
God bless you, Master Silence.
There's no need for me to say many words to you .
Goodbye to both of you.
Thank you for your help.
I need to travel at least twelve miles tonight.
Give the soldiers their uniforms and their jackets, Bardolph.
I swear before God that I hope you do, Master Shallow.
Get going now.
I meant what I said.
May God keep you safe.
Goodbye, kind gentlemen.
What is this forest called?
This is Gaultree Forest , your grace.
We have already sent these men.
Well done.
I suppose that means any hopes we had for him might as well be thrown away and destroyed.
What's happening?
The exact number we predicted.
Let's keep going and get ready to fight them.
What well chosen leader is coming here to confront us?
I think it's Lord Westmoreland.
Our general, the Prince Lord John, Duke of Lancaster, sends his greetings and hopes that you are in good health.
Tell us in peace, Lord Westmoreland: why have you come here?
Well, my lord, it is to your Grace that I need to address the main part of my speech.
But why do I do all of this?
That's the real question.
When were you denied access to the King?
How has the King made you so angry?
What lord has been secretly sent out to harass you  so much so that you would put your divine seal of approval on a fraudulent and lawless rebellion, consecrating such a violent disturbance?
But what honor did my father lose that I now need to restore and bring back?
You don't know what you're talking about, Lord Mowbray.
But he's only listening to us because we've forced him to.
Mowbray, you are too presumptuous in thinking that.
This offer comes out of mercy, not our of fear.
Well, I declare that we refuse to meet with him.
That just shows that you're ashamed of what you're doing.
Something that's rotten will crumble if it is touched.
Has Prince John been given complete authority by his father to hear our demands and decide what to do from there?
That's a given, since he is the General.
I'm surprised you'd even ask such a question.
Well then, my Lord of Westmoreland, take this document.
I will show this to the General.
My lord, we will do that.
Something in my heart tells me that even if we agreed to peace, it wouldn't last.
Don't worry about that.
If we can come to an agreement based on great terms and stand firm on the conditions we have requested, then our peace will last as long as rocky mountains.
No, no, my lord.
I hope you're right.
Look, Lord Westmoreland is back.
The Prince is close by.
Your Grace, Archbishop of York: go forward and meet him in God's name.
Lead on, and I will go and meet his Grace.
My lord, we will come.
It's good to see you, Mowbray.
If you don't agree to our demands, then we're ready to fight until the last man is standing.
You are not clever enough, Hastings, not clever enough to see that far into the future.
Your Grace, why don't you tell them what you thought about their list of complaints?
I will take your word, as a prince, that you will do these things.
I give you my word and I will stick to it.
Go, captain, and tell the army the news of peace.
Pay them what we owe them, and then let them go.
I know they will be pleased with this.
Off you go, captain.
Here's to you, my noble Lord of Westmoreland.
I don't doubt it.
I'm glad.
And here's to your good health, my gentle Mowbray.
Your wish of good health comes at a very good moment, for I suddenly feel quite ill.
Believe me, I am feeling very light hearted right now.
Well if the rule you just said is true, then that's not a good thing.
The news of peace has been delivered.
Listen to how they shout.
They sound like they're cheering a victory.
A peaceful agreement is a kind of victory, because both sides may nobly stop fighting, but neither of them loses.
Go, my lord, and let our army go as well.
I hope, lords, that we will spend the night here together.
The leaders were ordered by you to stay exactly where they are, and they refuse to move until you give them another order.
They know their duties, that's for sure.
My lord, our army has already dispersed.
They've set off east, west, north and south  just like young bulls who have been untied, or like children after school, hurrying home or to play somewhere.
Is this action just and honorable?
Was your rebellion just and honorable?
Are you going to break the faithful promise you made us?
I never promised you this.
I promised you that I would make up for the complaints you had made, and satisfy your demands.
And, I swear on my honor, I will do that as carefully as I can.
What's your name, sir?
What rank are you, and where are you from?
I'm a knight, sir, and my name is Coleville of the Valley.
Well then, Coleville is your name, you have the rank of knight, and you are from the Valley.
Coleville will still be your name even when you are known as a traitor, and your place is in a dungeon so deep that they can still call you Coleville of the Valley.
Aren't you Sir John Falstaff?
I'm as good a man as he is, whoever I am.
I think you are Sir John Falstaff, and knowing that, I surrender.
The danger is over.
Let's rest here for a while.
My lord, if things could have been different, then I would be sorry.
I didn't know that the way we rewarded bravery was with punishment and scrutiny.
Do you think that I'm as quick as a swallow, an arrow, or a bullet?
That says more about his good manners than it does about your bravery.
I don't know what you mean.
Look, here he is, and now I give him over to you.
Well, let my achievements shine then.
You're too fat to shine.
Well let it do something, my good lord  anything that will make me look good.
Is your name Coleville?
It is, my lord.
You are a famous rebel, Coleville.
And it was a famous, loyal subject who captured him.
Have you told the troops to retreat?
The troops have retreated and the fighting has stopped.
Send Coleville with his fellow prisoners to York, where they will be executed right away.
Blunt, lead him there, and make sure you guard him carefully.
Goodbye to you, Falstaff.
As a Prince, if I say good things about you, it is defintely more than you deserve.
The army has all been discharged and they are leaving.
Let them go.
I'll go back through Gloucestershine, so that I can visit Master Robert Shallow, Esquire, on the way.
Now, my lords, if God gives us victory in the violent struggle that bleeds at our very doorstep, we will lead our young men on to better fields, and only fight in holy wars.
We are sure that you will feel better soon, and also that rebels will soon be defeated.
Humphrey, my son of Gloucester, where is the Prince, your brother Hal?
I think he's gone hunting at Windsor, my lord.
Who's with him?
I don't know, my lord.
Isn't his brother Thomas of Clarence with him?
No, my good lord, he's here.
What would you like, my lord and father?
Nothing but good things for you, Thomas of Clarence.
How come you are not with your brother, the Prince?
He loves you, and you are neglecting him, Thomas.
He loves you more than he loves all your other brothers.
I'll watch over him with all my care and love.
So why aren't you at Windsor with him, Thomas?
He's not there today.
Who's he with?
Do you know that?
He's with Poins and all his other normal followers.
My gracious lord, you've shouldn't judge him so harshly.
It's very rare that a bee will make a new nest in a dead animal's carcass.
I wish your Majesty good health, and even more happiness than my happy news will bring you.
Prince John, your son, sends his love.
Mowbray, the Archbishop of York, and Hastings have all been arrested.
Oh, Westmoreland, you come here like a summer bird, ready to announce the end of winter and the start of a new day.
Why am I sick when I hear such happy news?
Can't Fortune let us enjoy the things we are supposed to enjoy?
Why is good news so often told with ugly words?
Take care, your Majesty.
Oh, my royal father!
My lord, I hope that you feel better.
Give him a minute, princes.
You know that his Highness has fits like this all the time.
Stand further away, give him some room to breathe.
He'll be all right in a minute.
No, no, he can't deal with these fits for much longer.
The never ending worries and cares he's been dealing with have disturbed his body so much that he's barely holding it together anymore.
Speak quieter, princes, for the King is waking up.
These seizures are going to kill him.
Please, pick me up and take me to a bed.
Quietly, please.
Tell the musicians to come in from the other room.
Put my crown on the pillow next to me.
His eyes are lifeless, and he's not himself.
Quiet, quiet.
Where's the Duke of Clarence?
I am here and full of sadness, brother.
What's going on?
It's raining inside, but not outside?
How is the King?
Extremely sick.
Has he heard the good news yet?
Someone should tell him.
When he heard it, he was deeply moved.
If he's just sick with happiness, he should get better without needing a doctor.
Less noise, my lords.
Sweet Prince, speak a bit quieter.
The King, your father, wants to sleep.
Let's go and talk in another room.
Would you like to come with us?
No, I think I will sit here with the King.
Warwick!
Gloucester!
Clarence!
Did you call for us?
What can we do for you, your Majesty?
How are you feeling?
Why did you leave me here alone, my lords?
We left you here with the Prince, my brother, who said that he wanted to sit with you.
The Prince of Wales?
Hal?
Where is he?
Let me see him.
This door is open.
He must have gone this way.
He didn't come through the room that we were in.
Where is my crown?
Who has moved it from my pillow?
When we left the room it was still there, my lord.
Then the Prince must have taken it.
Go and find him.
Is he so quick to presume that my sleep is actually my death?
Find him, my Lord of Warwick.
Scold him, and bring him back here.
But why did he take away the crown?
I never thought that I'd hear your voice again.
You thought that, Harry, because you hoped it was the case.
I have stayed here too long and you're tired of me.
Are you so eager to be King that you're prepared to take the honors that come with it before it's the right time?
Oh, you foolish young boy: you are eager for a power which will one day overwhelm you.
I am sorry, my lord!
If my tears hadn't stopped me from speaking earlier, I would have stopped this harsh criticism before you had said these things in your grief, and before I had to hear what you would say.
My gracious father, you won it, wore it, kept it, and now you give it to me.
Look, look, here comes my son, John of Lancaster.
Good health, peace, and happiness to my royal father.
My Lord of Warwick!
Does the room that I collapsed in have a name?
It's called the Jerusalem room, my noble lord.
Praise be to God!
Then that's where I need to die.
For years, I've been hearing a prophecy that I am going to die in Jerusalem  which I foolishly thought meant that I would die in the Holy Land.
But now take me to that room.
That's where I will lie down for the last time.
By God, you're not going anywhere tonight.
Hey, Davy, I say!
You must excuse me, Master Robert Shallow.
I'm not going to excuse you.
You shall not be excused.
Excuses will not be allowed.
No excuse is good enough, you will not be excused!
Hey, Davy!
Enter DAVY DAVY enters.
Here, sir.
Well, sir, the thing is that those warrants can't be served.
And, I repeat, sir, is it time to plant wheat at the side of the fields ?
It's time to plant some red wheat, Davy.
As for William the cook, are there any young pigeons?
Yes, sir.
Here is the bill from the blacksmith for the horseshoes and the plow irons.
Add it all up and then pay it.
Anyway, Sir John, you will not be excused.
Now, sir, we need to get a new rope for the bucket.
Also, sir, are you going to make William pay for that wine he lost the other day at Hinckley Fair?
He will pay for it.
Is the soldier going to stay for the whole night, sir?
Sir, it can't be worse than they've already been bitten, for their clothes definitely have fleas.
Very witty.
Now run along, Davy, you have things to do.
Davy, there have been many complaints made about that Visor.
He is a complete rogue, as far as I know.
Enough of that, I promise you he won't be wronged.
Now, off you go, Davy.
I am happy to see your Worship.
I thank you with all my heart, kind Master Bardolph.
Welcome to you, you tall fellow.
I'm right behind you, good Master Robert Shallow.
Sir John.
I'm coming, Master Shallow, I'm coming.
How's it going, my Lord Chief Justice?
How is the King?
Very well.
All of his cares are gone.
I hope you don't mean he's dead.
I wish his Majesty had taken me with him.
The work that I did for him when he was alive has put me in danger now that he's dead.
Indeed, especially as I don't think the young King cares for you.
Here come the sad children of the dead king.
Oh, if only the living Harry had the personality of the worst of these three gentlemen!
Oh God, I am scared that everything is going to change.
Good morning, Warwick, good morning.
Good morning to you.
We're all acting like men who have forgotten how to speak.
Well, peace be with the late king, the man who has made us sad.
And peace be with us, or we'll be even sadder.
Although no man knows what is going to happen to him, you get used to expecting very little from life.
I am sorry, I wish things could be different.
Here comes the Prince.
Good morning, and may God save your Majesty.
This new addition of the word "majesty" doesn't suit me as well you might think.
Brothers, your sadness seems to be mixed with some fear.
We hope for nothing more from your Majesty.
You are all still looking at me strangely, though.
You most of all.
You are convinced that I do not love you, isn't that right?
I am certain that, if you judge me fairly, you should have no reason to hate me.
No?
How could a great prince forget the awful things you did to me?
What, did you think you could judge, punish, and violently send to prison the next heir of England?
Did you find this an easy thing to do?
I was acting on behalf of your father, with the power and responsibility that he had given me.
You are right, Justice.
And you have made your case very well.
By God, you've got a lovely place here  and an expensive one at that.
It's worthless, worthless, worthless.
We are all poor, all poor, Sir John.
But at least we have fresh air.
Set the table, Davy, set the table.
This Davy does so much for you.
He's both your attendant and your steward.
He is a good servant, a very good servant, Sir John.
Oh God, I have had too much wine with dinner.
A good servant.
Now come on, let's sit down.
Sit down now.
That's the spirit!
Master Silence, I will toast to you in just a moment.
Give Master Bardolph some wine, Davy.
Kind sir, sit down.
I'll be with you in just a minute.
Most kind sir, sit down, please.
Master Page, good master Page, sit down as well.
Welcome!
Although we don't have much food, we can make up for it with what we have in drink!
Have fun, Master Bardolph.
And you too, my little soldier there, have some fun!
I didn't think Master Silence had this in him.
What, me?
I've let my hair down a few times in my life.
Here's a dish of russet apples for you.
Davy!
Yes, sir, I'll be with you in a minute.
Would you like a glass of wine, sir?
Well said, Master Silence.
May you have good health and a long life, Master Silence.
Welcome, honest Bardolph.
If you ever want something and don't ask for it, that's your own fault.
Welcome, my little tiny thief, a very warm welcome indeed.
I will drink to Master Bardolph, and to all the fine gentlemen of London.
I would like to see London before I die.
And I might see you there, Davy!
By God, you'll drink a whole quart between the two of you, won't you, Master Bardolph?
Yes we will, sir, in a two quart glass!
By God's eyes, I thank you.
This rascal will stick with you, I can promise you that.
He won't drop out, he's been raised well.
I'll stick by him too, sir.
Spoken just like a king.
Have whatever you want, enjoy yourselves!
Why, you're managing to drink just as much as I do!
It certainly is.
Is it?
Well then, you need to admit that an old man can do some things.
Sir, if I may, a man called Pistol is here from the court with some news.
From the court?
Let him come in.
God save you, Sir John.
What wind blew you here, Pistol?
Don't worry, it's not a bad wind that doesn't blow any man towards something good.
My sweet knight, you are now one of the biggest man in this whole country.
Truthfully, I think he would be, if it weren't for that good man, Puff from Barson.
Puff?
Puff in your mouth, you disloyal coward!
Please, tell me this news like an ordinary person in the world.
Curse this world and the awful people in it!
I have news about Africa, and its golden riches!
Oh, you vile Assyrian knight, what is your news?
Tell King Cophetua what you know.
Will dirty dogs attack the Muses of poetry?
Will my happy news be ruined like this?
Honest gentleman, I don't know how you were raised.
That's a shame for you.
From which King, you fool?
Speak, or die.
From King Henry.
Henry the Fourth, or Henry the Fifth?
Henry the Fourth.
Then damn your power!
Sir John, your little lamb is now the king.
Henry the Fifth is now the man.
I am telling you the truth.
What, is the old king dead?
Dead as a doornail.
I am telling you the truth.
Oh, what a happy day!
I wouldn't even choose a knighthood over my new, good fortune!
See, didn't I tell you that I brought good news!
Put Master Silence to bed.
Master Shallow, or Lord Shallow   call yourself whatever you want.
I am in charge of people's fortunes now!
Put on your boots.
It's time for us to go.
We will ride all night.
Oh, sweet Pistol!
Let vultures eat out his lungs as well!
At some point, people have to say, "Where is the life that I used to lead?"
No, you utter villain!
I wish to God that I were dead so that I could have you hanged!
You have dislocated my shoulder!
The Constables gave her to me, and she will be thoroughly whipped soon enough, I swear it.
She has been involved in a couple of murders recently.
You scum, you scum, that's a lie!
Oh, if only Sir John were here!
He would make someone pay for this.
I pray to God that she does have a miscarriage .
Well if she does, then I guess you will have twelve cushions again.
You only have eleven, as she is wearing one of the cushions under her dress to look like a pregnant belly.
I'll tell you what, you thin rat, I will have you beaten up for this, you blue coat wearing rogue!
You filthy, starving correction officer.
Come on, you night wanderer, come with me.
Oh God, as if right is overcoming might like this !
Well, struggles help us to grow as people.
Come on then, you scoundrel.
Yes, come on, you starving dog.
Master Death!
You skeleton, you!
Come on you stick like thing, come on you thin deer.
Let's go then.
More rushes, more rushes.
The trumpets have already been blown twice.
It will be two o'clock before they get here from the coronation.
Hurry up and finish.
Stand here next to me, Master Robert Shallow.
I will make the King give you his approval.
I will look at him charmingly as he walks past us, and just wait for the face he will make back at me.
God bless your words, good knight!
Come here, Pistol, stand behind me.
Oh, if I had had the time to make us new uniforms , I would have used that thousand pounds I borrowed from you.
But, it doesn't matter.
Yes, it does.
It shows him how serious my feelings are for him
It does.
My devotion
It does, it does, it does.
The truth is, we rode all day and all night, not considering our plan, not thinking of stopping, not even having the time to change my shirt
It will look good, that's for certain.
It is all the same, for there is nothing apart from this.
That's true indeed.
My knight, I am going to stir up your noble liver , and make you angry.
Your Doll, the mistress of your noble thoughts, has been imprisoned in a dirty and infected jail   hauled there by an unemotional and dirty hand.
Summon up revenge from the deepest pit of your stomach, and release the snakes of hell .
For Doll is in prison.
I will set her free.
That was the sea roaring.
God save your Grace, King Hal, my royal Hal.
May the heavens look after you, you royal child of fame!
God save you, my sweet boy!
My Lord Chief Justice, speak to that foolish man.
Are you out of your mind?
Do you know what you are saying?
My King, my Jupiter , I am speaking to you, my dear one!
I don't know you, old man .
Fall to your knees and pray.
White hair doesn't suit a fool and a clown like you.
Master Shallow, I owe you a thousand pounds.
You can't do that, Master Shallow.
Don't worry about this.
I don't know how you plan on doing that, unless you let me wear your jacket and stuff it full of straw .
Please, good Sir John, can I just have five pounds out of that thousand?
Sir, I will be as good as my word.
Everything you just heard is simply a color, just a pretense.
A collar that I am scared will kill you, Sir John.
Don't be afraid of any collars.
Come on, let's go and have lunch.
Come on, Lieutenant Pistol.
Come on, Bardolph.
He will send for me soon in the evening.
My lord, my lord
I can't speak to you now.
I will hear what you have to say soon enough.
Take them away.
If my fortunes torment me, then hope contents me.
I like how the King has handled this situation.
That he has.
The King has assembled his parliament, my lord.
He has.
I wish I had a goddess made out of fire to lead to me to the greatest heights of imagination!
What will we do?
We have to think about this.
That bill would drink up a lot of our money.
It would drink the cup as well: we'd be left with nothing.
What can we do to stop it?
The king is generous and polite.
And a true supporter of the holy Church.
You wouldn't have predicted that from how he acted when he was young.
No sooner did his father die than it was as though his wildness froze and died too.
At that very moment, thoughtfulness came to him like an angel and banished the sinful part of him, like Adam banished from Eden, so that his body was like a paradise where holy spirits lived.
No one ever became a scholar more quickly, and no one ever repented as suddenly, scrubbing out bad qualities, and no one ever got rid of their monstrous stubbornness as fast and as completely as this king did.
We're blessed that he changed in this way.
Just listen to him talk about theology and, overwhelmed with admiration, you would wish the king could become a priest.
Listen to him talk about politics and you'd think that was the only thing he'd ever studied.
Listen to him talk about war, and it'll be like hearing a horrible battle turned into beautiful music.
That must be true because there are no miracles anymore, so we have to think that there's a cause for things becoming perfect.
But, my lord, what will we do about this bill the House of Commons wants to pass?
Does his Majesty agree with it or not?
How did he seem to feel about this offer, my lord?
He seemed to want to accept it, except that there wasn't enough time to hear, as I saw he would have liked to do, about the details and clear proofs of his ownership of some dukedoms and especially of the crown and throne of France, which he inherited from Edward, his great  grandfather.
What was it that interrupted this?
At that moment the French ambassador wanted to see him.
And I think the time has come to hear him.
Is it four o'clock?
It is.
Then let's go in to hear his message, which I can easily guess before he says a word of it.
I'll go with you, and am eager to hear it.
Where is the lord of Canterbury?
Not here in the throne room.
Send for him, dear uncle.
Should we call in the ambassador, your Highness?
Not yet, cousin.
We should make a decision before we hear from him about some important things I have been thinking about concerning us and France.
May God and his angels guard your holy throne and keep you on it for a long time.
Thank you.
Wise lord, please tell us truly and religiously why the Salic law that they have in France either does or does not stand in the way of my claim to the throne.
Then listen to me, kind king, and you lords who owe your lives and duties to his power.
Remember these brave dead men and do the same things they did yourself.
You are their heir, you sit on their throne, and the blood and courage that made them famous runs in your veins.
Your fellow kings all expect you to get ready to fight like your relatives the former lion like kings.
They know you have a cause, resources, and power to fight.
We must not only prepare to attack the French but make plans to defend ourselves against the Scots, who will invade us and have the advantage.
I don't just mean the thieves who attack randomly but the main army of the Scots, who have always been an unpredictable neighbor to us.
But there's a very old and true saying: "If you want to win France, begin with Scotland.  "
Because when the eagle England is hunting for prey, the weasel Scot comes sneaking to her nest and eats her royal eggs, like a mouse when the cat is gone that destroys what it can't eat.
So it would follow that the cat must stay home.
Call in the messengers sent from the Dauphin .
May I have permission from your Majesty to speak freely what I was told to say, or should I water it down and summarize the Dauphin's message?
I am no tyrant, but a Christian king, and my emotions are as much under my control as the miserable people tied up in my prisons are.
So tell me what the Dauphin says honestly and completely.
What is the treasure, uncle?
Tennis balls, my king.
I'm glad the Dauphin is so light hearted around me.
Thank you for his present and the trouble you've taken.
When we have hit these balls with our rackets, we will    play a set that will put his father's crown into play.
Tell him he's playing a match with such a fighter that we'll be chasing balls through all the courts of France.
I understand him well when he holds my wilder days over me, not considering what I learned from them.
I never used to value poor England and, living outside of it, spent all my time behaving badly, as men always do when they're away from home.
That was a funny message.
I hope I'll make the sender ashamed of it.
So, my lords, don't waste any time you could use to prepare our expedition, because I don't have any thoughts except about France and our business there, and of course God.
So let our troops for these wars be gathered soon, and all the things taken care of that can be done quickly to give us the advantage.
For, with God on our side, I'll scold this Dauphin in his father's own house.
So let every man now start thinking what to do to get this expedition going.
Now all the English young people are on fire and have set aside their love affairs along with their fancy clothes.
Now the armor makers are doing good business, and every man thinks only about honor.
They're selling their land to buy horses, so they can follow the greatest of all Christian kings with winged heels as though they were English Mercurys .
Anticipation is sitting in the air, stacking all the different kinds of crowns promised to Harry and his followers on a sword.
The French, whose spies told them about these frightening preparations, shake with fear and try to use frightened politics to change the Englishmen's minds.
Oh England, on the outside you are like a tiny model of the greatness you hold inside you, like a little body with a huge heart.
Hello, Corporal Nym .
Good morning, Lieutenant Bardolph .
Have you and Ancient Pistol made up yet?
I don't personally care.
I don't say much, but when the time is right there will be smiles.
But that will go however it goes.
I don't dare to fight, but I'll wink and hold out my sword.
Well, I will live as long as I can, that's for sure.
And when I can't live any more, I'll do what I can.
That's all I have to say, that's my goodbye to that issue.
It's certain, corporal, that he's married to Nell Quickly , and certainly she acted wrongly towards you, because you were engaged to her.
I can't tell.
Things must be however they can be.
Men can sleep, and they can have their throats on them at that time, and some people say knives have edges.
It must be however it can.
Though Patience is a tired old horse, she'll keep plodding on.
There must be conclusions.
Well, I can't tell.
Here comes Ancient Pistol  and his wife.
Good corporal, wait here.
How are you, innkeeper Pistol?
You low peasant, are you calling me an innkeeper?
I swear by this hand, I hate the word, and my Nell won't take lodgers.
No, I swear, not long, because we can't give room and board to a dozen or fourteen gentlewomen who make an  to believe that perhaps she was running a brothel or at least helping to spread the misconception.
Good lieutenant, good corporal, don't fight here.
Pshaw!
Pshaw for you, you Icelandic dog, you pointy eared cur from Iceland!
“Solus,” egregious dog?
I am not Barbason; you cannot conjure me.
Couple à gorge , that is the word.
I defy thee again.
Mine host Pistol, you must come to my master and your hostess.
He is very sick and would to bed.
Good Bardolph, put thy face between his sheets, and do the office of a warming pan.
Let floods o'erswell and fiends for food howl on!
You’ll pay me the eight shillings I won of you at betting?
Base is the slave that pays.
That now I will have that’s the humor of it.
“Sword” is an oath, and oaths must have their course.
In cash, most justly paid.
Well, then, that’s the humor of ’t.
As ever you come of women, come in quickly to Sir John.
The king hath run bad humors on the knight, that’s the even of it.
Nym, thou hast spoke the right.
Let us condole the knight, for, lambkins, we will live.
'Fore God, his grace is bold to trust these traitors.
They shall be apprehended by and by.
The king hath note of all that they intend, By interception which they dream not of.
No doubt, my liege, if each man do his best.
That’s mercy, but too much security.
Let him be punished, sovereign, lest example Breed, by his sufferance, more of such a kind.
Oh, let us yet be merciful.
So may Your Highness, and yet punish, too.
Alas, your too much love and care of me Are heavy orisons 'gainst this poor wretch.
So did you me, my liege.
And I, my royal sovereign.
Then, Richard, Earl of Cambridge, there is yours.
I do confess my fault, And do submit me to Your Highness' mercy.
I arrest thee of high treason, by the name of Richard, Earl of Cambridge.
Prithee, honey sweet husband, let me bring thee to Staines.
No; for my manly heart doth earn.
They say he cried out of sack.
Ay, that he did.
And of women.
Nay, that he did not.
Yes, that he did, and said they were devils incarnate.
'A could never abide carnation.
He said once the devil would have him about women.
Do you not remember he saw a flea stick upon Bardolph’s nose, and he said it was a black soul burning in hell?
Come, let’s away.
My love, give me thy lips.
And that’s but unwholesome food, they say.
Touch her soft mouth, and march.
Farewell, hostess.
I can't kiss, that's the way it is.
But goodbye.
Be a housewife.
Keep inside, I command you.
Farewell.
Goodbye.
So the English are coming with a large army to fight us, and it's right for us to defend ourselves royally, rather than cautiously.
So the Dukes of Berri and of Britanny, of Brabant and of Orléans, will head out, and you, Prince Dauphin, as quickly as possible, to fortify our towns for war and fill them with brave men and with means to defend themselves.
The king of England's approach is as fierce as a whirlpool sucking down water.
It's right for us to be careful, because fear shows us recent examples of what happened on our battlefields when we underestimated the English.
Let's go see the sick and weak parts of France.
Be quiet, Prince Dauphin!
You're wrong about this king.
It's not true, my Lord High Constable.
But though you think it is, it doesn't make a difference.
In cases of self defense it's best to consider the enemy to be stronger than he seems.
Let's assume King Harry is strong, and princes, make yourselves strong to meet him.
His relative drew our blood, and he comes from that bloody family that has already haunted us in our own country.
Ambassadors from Harry King of England ask to be brought to see you, your Majesty.
I'll hear them now.
Go and bring them.
Then turn and stop them following, because cowardly dogs bark loudest when what they're trying to attack runs far ahead of them.
Dear king, stop the English short and let them see what kingdom you're the king of.
Self respect, my king, is not as bad a sin as being insecure.
You come from my brother the King of England?
Or what will happen?
Bloody violence, because even if you hide the crown in your hearts, he'll cut them open to find it.
As for me, I will think more about this.
Tomorrow you'll bring my complete response to my brother England.
As for the Dauphin, I'm speaking for him.
What does the king of England send him?
Scorn and hostility, a low opinion, disrespect, and anything that doesn't make the powerful sender look bad.
Tell him, if my father agrees to his terms, it's against my will, because I want nothing more than war with England.
It was for that, and because they matched his youth and silliness, that I sent him the Paris tennis balls.
He would make your Louvre in Paris shake for that even if it were the capital of all of Europe.
Be sure you'll see a difference, as we his subjects were amazed to see, between what he seemed to be like in his younger days and now.
Now he spends time carefully even to the second.
You will find that out by all your losses if he stays in France.
Tomorrow you will know everything I have to say.
Send us back soon, or our king will come here himself to ask what's delaying us, since he's already landed in this country.
You will soon be sent back with a fair answer.
A night is not a long time to consider something this important.
Our fast scene flies with imaginary wings as quickly as thoughts do.
Pretend you have seen the well prepared king embark at Southampton pier, his brave ships fanning the sun with silk banners.
Use your imagination and see the boys climbing on the ropes of the ships' rigging.
Hear the piercing whistle, which imposes some order on all the cacophonous sounds.
See the sails made of thread, carried by the invisible creeping wind, pulling the huge ships through the sea, facing the high waves.
Oh, just imagine you're standing on the shore and see a city dancing on the unpredictable waves, because that's what this royal fleet sailing to Harfleur looks like.
Follow, follow!
Once more back into the gap in the wall, dear friends, once more, or let it be closed up with dead English soldiers!
On, on, on, on, on!
To the gap, to the gap!
Please, corporal, wait.
The blows are coming too hot and, as for me, I don't have any spare lives.
The way it is is too hot; that's the tune of it.
The "tune" is very true, because emotions are running high.
I wish I were in a pub in London!
I would give all my fame for a mug of ale, and safety.
Up to the gap, you dogs!
Forward, you good for nothings!
Take mercy, great duke, on men made of earth.
Calm your anger, calm your manly anger, calm your anger, great duke.
Darling, calm down!
Be nice, dear.
Those are good emotions.
You, your Honor, are showing bad emotions.
As young as I am, I have watched these three swashbucklers.
I am a servant to all three of them, but all three, even if they were my servants, could not be my men.
To the tunnels?
Tell the duke it is not good to come to the tunnels because, see, the tunnels are not according to the strategy of war.
The hollowness of them is not sufficient, because, see, you may discuss it with the duke, see, the enemy has dug himself four yards under the tunnels.
By Jesus, I think he will dig it all up if there are not better orders.
The duke of Gloucester, who is in charge of the siege, does everything an Irishman tells him  a really brave man, truly.
It is Captain Macmorris, is it not?
I think it is.
By Jesus, he is an ass, as great any in the world.
I will tell him that to his face.
He has no more knowledge of the true strategies of war, see, the Roman strategies, than does a puppy dog.
Here he comes, and the Scottish captain, Captain Jamy, with him.
Captain Jamy is a marvelously brave man, that is certain, and of great accomplishments and knowledge of the ancient wars, as I know for sure from his orders.
By Jesus , he can talk as well as any military man in the world about the strategies of the pure wars of the Romans.
I say good day, Captain Fluellen.
Good day to you, your Worship, good Captain James.
What, Captain Morris, have you left the tunnels?
Have the tunnelers given up?
By Christ, it's badly done.
The work is abandoned.
The trumpet sounds the retreat.
I swear by my hand and my father's soul , the work is badly done.
It has been abandoned.
I would have blown up the town, Christ save me, in an hour.
Oh, it's badly done, it's badly done, by my hand, it's badly done.
Captain Macmorris, I ask you now, will you grant me, see, a few debates with you partly touching on or concerning the strategies of war, the Roman wars?
For the sake of argument, see, and friendly communication, partly to satisfy my opinion, and partly for the satisfaction, see, of my mind, concerning the art of military strategy, that is the point.
It will be very good, truly, good captains, and I will leave you if that's all right, when I see fit, that I will, truly.
Now is no time to talk, Christ save me.
The day is hot, and the weather, and the wars, and the king, and the dukes.
Now is no time to talk.
The town is besieged, and the trumpet calls us to the gap, and we talk and, by Christ, do nothing, it's a shame to us all.
So God save me, it's shameful to stand still.
It's shameful, by my hand.
And there are throats to cut and deeds to be done, and nothing is done, so Christ save me, la.
Captain Macmorris, I think, see, under your command, there are not many of your nation
Of my nation?
What is my nation?
It's a villain and a bastard and a criminal and a good for nothing .
What is my nation?
Who talks of my nation?
Look, if you take this in a different way than I meant it, Captain Macmorris, perhaps I will think you do not treat me with the politeness that, reasonably, you should treat me with, see, since I am as good a man as you are, as good at the strategies of war and from as good a family and other particulars.
I do not know you are as good a man as I am.
Christ save me, I will cut off your head.
Gentlemen, you're misunderstanding each other.
Yes, that's a terrible fault.
The town calls for a truce.
Captain Macmorris, when there is a better opportunity, see, I will be so bold as to tell you I know the strategies of war, and that is the end of it.
What has the mayor of the town decided?
This is the last truce we will grant.
So surrender to us or, like men proud of destroying themselves, dare us to do our worst.
Because, as sure as I am a soldier, which I think is the most fitting thing for me to call myself, if I begin the attack once again, I will not leave half defeated Harfleur until it's buried in its own ashes.
The gates of mercy will be shut, and the bloody soldiers, rough and hard hearted, free to do whatever terrible deeds they want, will wander around with the willingness to do anything, mowing down like grass your beautiful young girls and your growing babies.
What is it to me if unholy war, dressed in flames like the devil, with a scorched face, does all the horrible things that go along with destruction and loss?
What is it to me, since you yourselves are to blame, if your pure young women are raped?
What kind of control can you have over immoral evil when it's charging fiercely on as though running down a hill?
We could just as uselessly give pointless orders to looting angry soldiers as send instructions to the sea  monster Leviathan to come to shore.
So, you men of Harfleur, have pity on your town and on your people while my soldiers are still under my control, while the cool and mild wind of kindness is stronger than the dirty and unhealthy clouds of wild murder, looting, and evil.
If not, in a moment expect to see a blind and bloody soldier reaching with a dirty hand towards the hair of your piercingly  shrieking daughters, your fathers grabbed by their silver beards and their wise heads smashed against the walls, your naked babies stabbed on pikes while the crazed mothers break the clouds with their confused howls, like the Jewish wives did at Herod 's bloody murderers.
What do you say?
Our hopes end today.
The Dauphin, whom we begged to help us, replies that his forces are not yet ready to end such a strong siege.
So, great King, we surrender our town and lives to your kind mercy.
Enter our gates, do what you want with us and what we own, because we can no longer defend ourselves.
Alice, you've been in England, and you speak the language well.
A little, ma'am.
Please, teach me.
I have to learn to speak.
What do you call the hand in English?
The hand?
It's called "de hand".
"De hand.  "
And the fingers?
The fingers?
Goodness, I forget the fingers; but I'll remember.
The fingers?
I think they're called "de fingres"; yes, "de fingres".
The hand, "de hand"; the fingers, "de fingres".
I think I'm a good student.
I'm learned two English words quickly.
What do you call the nails?
The nails?
We call them "de nails.  "
"De nails".
Listen.
Tell me if I'm talking well: “de hand, de fingres, and de nails.
”
That's well said, ma'am.
That's very good English.
Tell me the English word for the arm.
"De arme," ma'am.
And the elbow?
"D'elbow.  "
"D'elbow.  "
I'll repeat all the words you've taught me up to now.
That's too hard, ma'am, in my opinion.
Please, Alice.
Listen: “de hand, de fingres, de nails, de arma, de bilbow .
”
“D'elbow,” ma'am.
Oh Lord God!
I forgot; “d'elbow.
” What do you call the neck?
“De nick ,” ma'am.
"De nick.  "
And the chin?
"De chin.  "
"De sin.  "
The neck, "de nick"; the chin, "de sin.  "
Yes.
Truly, you speak the words as well as native English speakers do.
I don't doubt I'll learn quickly, if God allows it.
Have you not already forgotten what I taught you?
No, I'll recite them to you right now: “de hand, de fingre, de nails ”
“De nails,” ma'am.
“De nails, de arme, de ilbow.
”
Sorry, it's "d'elbow".
That's what I said: “d'elbow, de nick, and de sin.
” What do you call the foot and the dress?
“Le foot ,”ma'am, and "le count .
”
“The foot” and “de count.
” Oh Lord God!
Those are ugly sounding words, rotten, vulgar, and immodest words, and not for honorable ladies to use.
I wouldn't say those words in front of the lords of France for all the world.
What!
"Le foot!  "
Excellent, ma'am!
That's enough for now: let's go have dinner.
He's definitely crossed the river Somme .
And if we don't fight him, my lord, we shouldn't live in France.
Let's all leave and give our vineyards to barbarians.
They're Normans, but illegitimate Normans, Norman bastards!
Damn me, if they keep marching along without being fought, I will sell my dukedom to buy a disgusting, dirty farm on that strangely shaped island of Britain.
God of battles, where did they get this courage?
Isn't their climate foggy, cold, and dark, and does't the sun look palely at them as though it hates them, killing their fruit by frowning?
Can boiled water, a drink for old broken down horses, and their barley soup heat up their blood to make them so fiery and hot headed?
Should our easily heated blood, encouraged by wine, seem ice cold?
Oh, for the honor of our country, let's not hang like drooping icicles from our houses' roofs, while young men from a colder country sweat bravely on our rich fields!
We can rightly say they're poor in noblemen.
By faith and honor, our women mock us and plainly say we're inbred and and all the courage has been bred out of our genes, and that they will sleep with English young men to stock up France with illegitimate soldiers.
And they teach us fast dances, saying the only grace we have is in our feet and that we're very graceful when running away.
They ask us to go to the English dancing schools.
Where is Montjoy the messenger?
Send him from here.
Let him tell the king of England fiercely that we will fight him.
Go, princes, and with a desire for honor even sharper than your swords, go to battle: Charles Delabreth, High Constable of France; you dukes of Orléans, Bourbon, Berri, Alençon, Brabant, Bar, Burgundy, Jacques Chatillon, Rambures, Vaudemont, Beaumont, Grandpré, Roussi, Faulconbridge, Foix, Lestrale, Bouciqualt, and Charolois.
This is proper behavior for great men!
I'm sad that he has so few men and that his soldiers are sick and starving from marching because, I'm sure, when he sees our army his heart will sink with fear and he'll offer to pay us to end the war.
So, Lord Constable, hurry to Montjoy and let him tell the king of England that we are sending him to ask how much money he's willing to give us.
Prince Dauphin, you'll stay with us in Rouen.
Please don't make me do that, your Majesty.
Be patient, because you're staying with me.
Now go, Lord Constable and all you princes, and quickly bring us word of England's defeat.
Hello, Captain Fluellen.
Are you coming from the bridge?
I assure you, there are very excellent things happening at the bridge.
Is the duke of Exeter safe?
Exeter has as great a soul as the Greek king Agamemnon , and he's a man I love and honor with all my soul and my heart and my duty and my life and my job and as much as I can.
He is not, God be praised and blessed, at all hurt, but guards the bridge bravely, with excellent strategy.
There is an ancient lieutenant there at the bridge .
I think truly he is as brave a man as the Roman hero Mark Anthony, and he is not at all an important man, but I saw him acting as bravely as those who are.
What is he called?
He is called Ancient Pistol.
I don't know him.
Here he is.
Captain, please do me a favor.
The duke of Exeter loves you.
Yes, I thank God, and I have deserved some love from him.
Bardolph, a strong and good hearted soldier and of great courage has, by cruel Fate and light headed Fortune's crazy unreliable wheel, that blind goddess who stands on the rolling restless stone
Excuse me, Ancient Pistol, Fortune is depicted as blind, with a scarf before her eyes, to signify to you that Fortune is blind; and she is also depicted with a wheel to signify to you, which is the moral of this, that she is turning and unpredictable, and full of change and variation; and her foot, you see, is planted on a round stone, which rolls and rolls and rolls.
Truly, the poet describes it excellently.
Fortune is an excellent moral lesson.
Fortune is Bardolph's enemy and glares at him, because he has stolen a pax and he must be hanged.
A terrible death!
Let dogs be hanged, let men go free, and rope not suffocate their windpipes.
But Exeter has condemned him to death for a cheap pax.
So go speak  the duke will listen to you  and don't let Bardolph's life be cut short by the edge of a cheap rope and terrible shame.
Speak, Captain, to save him, and I will pay you back.
Ancient Pistol, I partly understand your meaning.
Well, then rejoice.
Die and be damned, and a fig for your friendship!
Very well.
A Spanish fig!
Very good.
What, he's a deceitful criminal.
I remember him now, a pimp, a pickpocket.
I assure you, he spoke as brave words at the bridge as any you'll hear on a summer's day.
But very well; what he has spoken to me, well, I tell you, when the time comes.
He's a fraud, a fool, a good for nothing, who now and then goes to the wars so he can call himself a soldier when he returns to London.
Fellows like that know all the great generals' names by heart, and they will learn all about where battles happened  in such and such a corner, at such and such a pass, on such a ship; who acted bravely, who was shot, who was disgraced, what agreement the enemy came to.
I tell you what, Captain Gower.
I do see he is not the man he wants the world to think he is.
If I find a hole in his coat, I will tell him what I think of him.
Hello, Fluellen, did you come from the bridge?
Yes, your majesty.
The duke of Exeter has very bravely held on to the bridge.
The French have gone off, see, and there have been very brave fights.
The enemy had taken possession of the bridge, but was forced to retreat, and the duke of Exeter is holding the bridge.
I can tell your Majesty, the duke is a brave man.
What men have you lost, Fluellen?
The enemy's loss has been very great, reasonably great.
For my part, I don't think the duke has lost a single man, except one who has likely been executed for robbing a church, a certain Bardolph, if your Majesty knows the man.
His face is covered in swellings and pimples and bumps and fiery flames, and his lips blow up his nose, which is like a coal in a fire, sometimes blue and sometimes red, but his nose has been executed and his fire is out.
I want all such criminals killed that way, and I particularly command that in our march through the country nothing is stolen from the villages, nothing taken unless it's paid for, none of the French scolded or insulted in rude language.
You know who I am by how I'm dressed.
Well then, I know who you are.
What will I know from you?
My master's thoughts.
Reveal them.
My king says this: "Tell Harry king of England that although we seemed dead, we were just asleep.
Having the advantage is a better thing in war than foolhardiness.
Tell him we could have taught him a lesson at Harfleur, but we didn't think it would be worth hitting a bruise until it was completely ripe.
Now it's time for us to speak, and our voice is royal.
The king of England will regret his folly, see his weakness, and admire our patience.
What is your name?
I know what kind of man you are.
Montjoy.
You do your job well.
I will.
Thank you, your Highness.
I hope they don't attack us now.
We are in God's hands, brother, not in theirs.
March to the bridge.
It's almost night.
We'll camp across the river, and tomorrow march away.
I have the best armor in the world.
I wish it were day!
You have excellent armor, but admit my horse's excellence.
It is the best horse in Europe.
Will it never be morning?
My lord of Orléans and my Lord High Constable, you're talking about horses and armor?
You have as good examples of both as any prince inthe world.
What a long night this is!
I wouldn't trade my horse with any other that only walks on four hooves.
He's the color of nutmeg.
And as fiery as ginger.
He's an animal fit for the hero Perseus to ride.
He is made only of air and fire and the duller elements, earth and water, never show in him, except when he's patiently still while his rider mounts him.
He is really a horse, and all other nags should only be called beasts.
Yes, my lord, it's an ideal and excellent horse.
It is the prince of ponies.
His neigh is like a king's command, and his face forces you to respect him.
That's enough, cousin.
I've heard a sonnet to someone's girlfriend begin that way.
Then they were imitating the one I wrote for my warhorse, because my horse is my girlfriend.
Your girlfriend carries weight well.
My weight  which is exactly the highest praise and perfect quality of a good, faithful girlfriend.
I don't think so, because I thought yesterday your mistress jolted your back around terribly.
Maybe yours did too.
Mine was not wearing a bridle.
Oh, then maybe she was old and gentle and you rode like a poor Irish soldier, with your French tights off and wearing straight trousers instead.
You are good at judging horses.
Take my warning, then: those who ride that way and aren't careful fall into dirty swamps.
I would prefer to have my horse as a girlfriend.
I would prefer my girfriend to be a nag.
I tell you, Constable, my girlfriend wears his own hair.
I could make the same boast and be telling the truth if I had a pig as my girlfriend.
The dog has returned to his own vomit, and the pig has washed herself in mud.
You're grasping at straws.
But I don't grasp at my horse like a girlfriend, or supply any pointless proverb.
My Lord Constable, the armor I saw in your tent tonight, are those stars or suns on it?
Stars, my lord.
Some of them will fall tomorrow, I hope.
But there will be plenty left in my sky.
Maybe, because you carry far more than you need, and it would reflect better on you if some went away.
The same way your horse bears your compliments  it would trot just as well if some of your brags got off.
I wish I could give him what's coming to him!
Will it never be day?
I'll trot a mile tomorrow, and my path will be paved with English faces.
I won't say the same, because I fear I wouldn't be able to face them.
But I wish it were morning, because I want to be hacking around the Englishmen's ears.
Who will bet I'll take twenty prisoners?
You will first have to bet your life in battle before you get them.
It's midnight.
I'll go get ready.
The Dauphin longs for morning.
He longs to eat the English.
I think he will eat everything he kills.
By the white hand of my wife, he’s a brave prince.
Swear by her foot, so she can stamp out the oath.
He is simply the most active gentleman in France.
Doing is an activity, and he's always doing someone.
I never heard of him doing anyone harm.
Nor will he do any tomorrow.
He'll keep that good reputation.
I know that he's brave.
I was told that by someone who knows him better than you do.
Who's that?
He told me so himself, and said he didn't care who knew.
He shouldn't.
It's not a hidden quality in him.
No one ever spoke well out of spite.
I will top that saying with "Friends flatter you".
And I will meet that with “Give the devil his due.
”
Well done; the devil now stands for your friend.
I'll fight that saying with "Damn the devil".
You're better at sayings, because "a fool is quick to take a shot at people.  "
Your shot went right over me.
It's not the first time something went over your head.
My Lord High Constable, the English camp is less than fifteen hundred steps away from your tents.
Who measured the distance?
The Lord Grandpré.
A brave and very competent gentleman.
Act , Prologue  I wish it were day!
Poor Harry of England!
He doesn't wish for the dawn as much as we do.
What a miserable and headstrong fellow this king of England is, to come mope with his fat brained followers so far from anything he understands.
If the English had any sense, they would run away.
They don't have that, because if their brains were weighed down by intellectual armor , they could never wear such heavy helmets.
That island of England breeds very brave creatures.
Their mastiff dogs are the bravest of any.
Silly dogs, that run with their eyes closed into the mouth of a Russian bear and have their heads crushed like rotten apples.
You might as well say, that’s a brave flea that dares suck blood from a lion's lip for breakfast.
Yes, but these English are definitely out of beef.
Then we'll find tomorrow that they only have appetites for eating, not fighting.
Now it's time to get ready.
Come on, shall we go do that?
It's now two o'clock.
But, let me see, by ten we'll each have captured a hundred Englishmen.
Now imagine a time when creeping whispers and staring darkness fill the wide container of the universe.
From camp to camp, through the dirty belly of night, both armies hum quietly, so the guards of each camp can almost hear each other's whispered secrets.
Fires in both camps mirror each other, and through their pale flames each army sees the other army's shadowy face.
Horses threaten each other, piercing the quiet night with high pitched and bragging neighs; and from the tents the armorers, finishing their work for the knights, busily hammering down nails, make frightening sounds of preparation.
Gloucester, it's true we're in great danger.
That should make us braver.
Good morning, my brother Bedford.
By almighty God, there's some good in evil things if men take the trouble to separate it out.
Our bad neighbors make us early risers, which is both healthy and economical.
Besides, they are like consciences outside us and preachers to all of us, warning us to prepare well for death.
In this way we can turn weeds into honey and make even the devil himself teach us a moral lesson.
No, my king, I prefer this accommodation, since now I can say "I sleep like a king.  "
It's good for men to love the hardship they suffer because they see other people suffering.
It eases the mind.
And when the mind is strengthened, the formerly dead body breaks out of its sleepy grave and moves again, casting off tiredness and gaining new energy.
Lend me your cloak, Sir Thomas.
We will, my king.
Should I accompany you?
No, my good knight.
Go with my brothers to the nobles of England.
May God bless you, noble Harry!
Goodness, old friend, you speak cheerfully.
Who you there?
A friend.
Tell me: are you an officer or are you low, common, and ordinary?
I am a gentleman in a unit.
Do you drag a powerful pike?
Yes.
Who are you?
As good a man as the emperor.
Then you are a better one than the king.
Harry le Roy.
Le Roy?
A Cornish name.
Are you Cornish?
No, I am Welsh.
Do you know Fluellen?
Yes.
Tell him I'll hit him on the head with the leek he wears on Saint Davy's day.
Don't wear your knife on your hat that day, or he'll hit you on the head with that.
Are you his friend?
Yes, and his relative.
A fig for you then!
Thank you.
May God be with you.
My name is Pistol.
It goes well with your temper.
Captain Fluellen.
So.
In the name of Jesus Christ, don't talk as much.
It's the greatest wonder in the whole world when the true and ancient rules and laws of war are broken.
If you just make the effort to examine the wars of Pompey the Great, you will find, I tell you, that there is no chatting or babbling in Pompey's camp.
I tell you, you will find the dignity of war and the care taken about it and the good form of it and the sobriety of it and the modesty of it to be very different from this.
But the enemy is loud.
You hear them all night.
If the enemy is an ass and a fool and a babbling idiot, is it right, do you think, that we should also, see, be an ass and a fool and a babbling idiot, tell me truly?
I will speak more quietly.
I pray and beg you to.
Although he's very strange, there's a lot of seriousness and bravery in this Welshman.
Brother John Bates, is that not the dawn over there?
I think so, but we have no good reason to want day to come.
We see the beginning of the day there, but I think we will never see the end of it.
Who's there?
A friend.
Who is your captain?
Sir Thomas Erpingham.
A good old commander and a very kind man.
Please, what does he think about our situation?
That we're like men shipwrecked on a sandbank, who expect to be washed off by the next tide.
He hasn't told the king what he thinks?
No.
He can pretend to be as brave as he wants, but I think, even though it's so cold tonight, he wishes he were in the Thames up to his neck; and I wish he were, and me too, whatever happened, so we could get out of here.
Truly, I will tell you what I think about the king.
I think he would not wish to be anywhere except where he is.
Then I wish he were here alone; he would be certain of being ransomed, and many poor men's lives would be saved.
I bet you don't dislike him enough to wish he were here alone, even though you say that to figure out what other men think.
I think I couldn't die anywhere more happily than in the king's company, since his cause is right and the war is justified.
That's more than we could say.
Yes, and it's more than we should want to say, because we know enough if we know we are the king's subjects.
If his cause is wrong, we're not guilty of the crime because we're right to obey the king.
But if the cause isn't good, the king will have to pay for it at the Judgment Day when all the legs and arms and heads chopped off in a battle join together all all cry, "We died at this place," some swearing, some crying out for a doctor, some crying out about their wives being left without them without resources, some about the debts they owe, some about their children suddenly left behind.
I am afraid that few men die a good death in a battle, because how can they worry about good deeds when they are shedding blood?
No, if these men do not die a good death, it will be bad for the king who led them to this, when it would be wrong for a subject to disobey him.
So, if a sinful son sent by his father to do a business deal is shipwrecked, his sins, by your rule, should be paid for by the father who sent him.
Or if a servant, transporting money under his master's orders, is attacked by robbers and dies without repenting for his sins, you call the master's business the cause of the servant being damned.
But that isn't true.
The king isn't forced to answer for the deaths of his soldiers, the father for his son's, or the master for his servant's, because they don't mean for them to die when they send them to do their jobs.
Besides, there is no king, however good his cause is, when the cause comes to be settled in battle, who can fight with completely innocent soldiers.
It's true, every man who dies badly is responsible for it himself.
The king shouldn't be punished for it.
I don't want him to be punished for me, but I am determined to fight well for him.
I heard the king say he would not pay a ransom if he were captured.
Yes, he said so to make us fight cheerfully, but when our throats have been cut he can be ransomed without us knowing about it.
If I live to see that, I'll never trust him again.
Then make him pay for it.
Your response is too rude.
I would be angry with you if it were convenient.
Let's fight about it later, if you survive.
Gladly.
How will I recognize you again?
Give me anything of yours, and I'll wear it on my hat.
Then, if you dare acknowledge it's yours, I'll fight you.
Here's my glove.
Give me one of yours.
There.
I'll also wear this in my hat.
I you ever come to me and say, after tomorrow, "This is my glove", then I swear by this hand I'll hit you on the ear.
If I live to see it, I will challenge you.
You don't dare   you'd rather be hanged.
I'll do it, even if I see you in the king's company.
Keep your promise.
Goodbye.
Make up, you English fools, make up.
We have enough French quarrels , if you knew how to count them.
Yes, the French can bet twenty French crown coins to one they'll beat us, because they carry French crowns, heads, on their shoulders.
But it's not treason for English people to attack the French crown, and tomorrow the king himself will clip some crowns off.
Blame the king!
Let's blame the king for what happens to our lives, our souls, our debts, our sad wives, our children, and our sins!
I have to be responsible for all of it.
What a difficult situation it is being powerful, being talked about by every fool who can't understand anything except his own hardship.
My lord, your nobles, worried about your absence, are looking for you throughout the camp.
Good old knight, gather them all at my tent.
I'll go there now.
I will, my lord.
Oh God of battles, strengthen my soldiers' courage.
Don't make them afraid.
Take from them now the ability to count before the number of our enemies frightens them.
Don't think today, Oh Lord, oh, not today, about the crime my father committed by taking the crown.
I have re buried Richard's body, and I have cried more repenting tears on it than drops of blood were forced from it.
I pay five hundred poor people every year to pray twice every day for God to pardon the murder.
And I have built two chapels where the serious priests still sing for Richard's soul.
I'll do more   although everything I can do is worth nothing, since my repentance comes after the sin, asking for forgiveness.
My king.
That's my brother Gloucester's voice.
Yes, I know why you're here, I'll go with you.
The day, my friends, and everything, are all waiting for me.
The sun is shining off our armor.
Get up, my lords.
Get on your horses!
My horse, servant!
Servant!
What a brave man!
Let's go, by water and earth.
And nothing else?
Air and fire?
Heaven, cousin Orléans.
Listen to our horses neighing.
Get on them and spur them so hard they bleed, so that their hot blood gushes into English eyes and extinguishes them with too much courage.
Ha!
What, you want them to weep our horses' blood?
Then how will we see their own tears?
The English are ready to fight, you French noblemen.
Get on your horses, brave princes, straight on your horses.
Just look at that poor starved troop and your good appearance will suck away their souls, making them just peels and husks of men.
There is not enough work for all of us, hardly enough blood in all their sick veins to stain every short axe that our brave Frenchmen will draw today then sheathe because there's nothing left to do.
Just blow on them, and the steam of our courage will defeat them.
Why are you waiting so long, lords of France?
Those island  dwelling carcasses, desperate for their lives, are ugly on the battlefield this morning.
Their ragged banners are badly rolled out, and the wind of our country shakes them mockingly.
They have said their prayers, and they're waiting for death.
Should we go send them dinner and fresh suits, and give their starving horses hay, and fight them afterwards?
I'm only waiting for my guards.
Let's go, to the field!
I will take the banner from a trumpet and use it to hurry things up.
Come on, let's go.
The sun is high in the sky, and we're wasting the day.
Where is the king?
He rode out to look at their army himself.
They have a good sixty thousand fighting men.
That's five to one.
And they're all fresh.
May God fight for us!
It's frightening odds.
God be with you, princes.
I'll go to my troops.
If we don't meet again until we meet in heaven, then I joyfully say goodbye, noble Lord of Bedford, dear Lord Gloucester, and good Lord Exeter, and  you, my kind relative, all of you soldiers.
Goodbye, good Salisbury, and good luck.
Goodbye, kind lord.
Fight bravely today.
But I'm insulting you by reminding you of that, because you're made out of bravery itself.
I wish we now had here just ten thousand of the men in England who aren't working today.
Who wishes that?
My cousin Westmoreland?
No, good cousin.
My king, get ready quickly.
The French are well prepared for battle, and will soon charge at us.
Everything is ready if our minds are.
Death to anyone who wants to run away now!
You don't wish for more help from England, cousin?
By God, my king, I wish you and I alone, without more help, could fight this royal battle!
What, you've just wished away five thousand men, which I like better than to wish to add one.
You know your positions.
May God be with you all.
Once more I've come to ask you, King Harry, if you'll agree to a sum for your ransom before your certain defeat.
Because certainly you are so near the whirlpool that you'll necessarily be swallowed by it.
Besides, as an act of mercy, the constable asks that you remind your followers to repent, so that their souls retreat peacefully and sweetly from these fields where, poor things, their poor bodies must lie and rot.
Who has sent you now?
The constable of France.
Please, send the same answer back as last time.
Tell them they'll have to catch me before they sell my bones.
Good God, why do they have to mock poor men this way?
The man who sold the lion's skin while the beast was alive, died while hunting him.
Many of our bodies will no doubt be buried in our own countries, on which, I trust, carved in brass will be a reminder of the work we do today.
I will, king Harry.
Goodbye.
You will never hear a herald ever again.
I am afraid you will come once more for a ransom.
My lord, I beg humbly, on my knees, to lead the charge.
Do it, brave York.
Now, soldiers, march away, and make the day go however you want, God.
Surrender, you dog.
I think you're a noble gentleman.
Qualtitie calmie custure me.
Are you a gentleman?
What is your name?
Discuss.
Oh Lord God!
Olord God sounds like a gentleman.
Listen to my words, Olord God, and see: Olord God, you'll die on the point of a sword unless, Olord, you give give me an extraordinary ransom.
Oh, be merciful!
Take pity on me!
Moy isn't enough.
I will have forty moys, or I will drag your insides out of your throat spewing drops of red blood.
Is it possible to escape your strong arm?
"Brass", dog?
You damned and self indulgent mountain goat, you offer me brass?
Oh, forgive me!
Is that what you're telling me?
Does that mean a ton of moys?
Come here, boy.
Ask this slave in French what his name is.
Listen.
What are you called?
Mister le Fer.
He says his name is Mister Fer.
Mister Fer.
I'll fer him, and fight him, and hunt him with ferrets.
Discuss this in French with him.
I do not know the French for “fer,” and “ferret,” and “fight.
”
Ask him to prepare himself, because I'm going to cut his throat.
What is he saying, sir?
He commands me to tell you to prepare, because this soldier here feels like cutting your throat at once.
Ohyes, cuttythe throat, bygod, peasant, unless you give me coins, beautiful coins, or you will be mangled by this sword.
Oh, I beg you, for the love of God, forgive me.
I'm a gentleman from a good family.
Save my life, and I'll give you two hundred silver coins.
What is he saying?
He begs you to save his life.
He is a gentleman from a good family, and for his ransom he will give you two hundred coins.
Tell him I will stop being angry, and will take the coins.
Little sir, what does he say?
Although it's against his oath to pardon any prisoner, nonetheless, for the silver coins you promised him, he is willing to give you liberty, freedom.
On my knees I give you a thousand thanks, and I consider myself lucky to have fallen into the hands of a knight  I think, the most brave, bold, and famous lord of England.
Explain that to me, boy.
He gives you on his knees a thousand thanks, and he considers himself lucky that he fell into the hands of someone who is, he thinks, the most brave, bold, and famous lord of England.
By the blood I suck, I will show some mercy.
Follow the great captain.
By the devil!
By God!
We've lost, we've lost everything!
By death, everything is destroyed, everything!
Blame and eternal shame sit in the feathers on our helmets, mocking us.
But our ranks have all been broken.
Oh eternal shame!
Let's stab ourselves.
Are these the miserable men we gambled for?
Is this the king we asked to pay us ransom?
Shame, and eternal shame, nothing but shame!
Let's die.
Into battle once more!
Go back!
Let whoever refuses to follow Bourbon now go from here, and go with his hat in his hand like a low pimp holding the door to the room while his most beautiful daughter is contaminated by a slave, no nobler than my dog.
Disorder, you destroyed us before  now be friends with us.
Let's go die on heaps of bodies.
Damn order now!
I'll go where the fight is.
Let life be short, or shame will be too long.
We've done well, brave countrymen.
But this isn't done.
The Duke of York greets you, your Majesty.
Is he alive, good uncle?
Looking like that, the brave soldier lies, covering the field with blood, and by his his bloody side, with equal honorable wounds, the noble earl of Suffolk also lies.
Suffolk died first, and York, mangled all over, came to where he lay swimming in gore and took him by the beard, kissed the cuts that gaped all over his face, and cried aloud, "Wait, my cousin Suffolk.
My soul will keep yours company on the way to heaven.
I don't blame you because, hearing this, I have to bargain with my wet eyes, or they'll let out tears.
Kill the boys and the luggage!
That's explicitly against the laws of war.
It's certain that there's not a single boy left alive, and the cowardly good for nothings who ran from the battle did this.
They have also burned or carried away everything that was in the king's tent, which is the reason the king, quite rightly, made every soldier cut his prisoner's throat.
Oh, he's a great king!
Yes, he was born at Monmouth, Captain Gower.
What was the town called where Alexander the Big was born?
Alexander the Great.
What, I ask you, isn't "big" great?
The big, or the great, or the powerful, or the huge, or the generous are all the same, except that there are a few variations in the phrasing.
I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon.
His father was called Philip of Macedon, I believe.
I think it was Macedon where Alexander was born.
I tell you, Captain, if you look at maps of the world, I bet you will find, comparing Macedon and Monmouth, that they're in very similar locations.
There is a river in Macedon and there is also, moreover, a river in Monmouth.
It is called Wye at Monmouth, but I've forgotten what the name of the other river is.
But it doesn't matter; they're as alike as my fingers are to each other, and there is salmons in both.
If you consider Alexander's life well, Harry of Monmouth's life has followed pretty much the same course, because everything stands for something else.
Our king is not like him in that way.
He never killed any of his friends.
Look, it's not good to take the story away from me before it's over and done with.
I'm speaking about the metaphors and comparisons in it.
Sir John Falstaff.
That's him.
I tell you, there are good men born in Monmouth.
Here comes his Majesty.
I have not been angry since I came to France, until now.
Take a trumpet, messenger.
Ride to the horsemen on that hill.
If they want to fight us, ask them to ride down, or they should leave the field.
They offend our eyes.
If they won't do either of those things, we will come to them and make them fly away as quickly as stones fired from ancient Assyrian slingshots.
Besides, we'll cut the throats of the prisoners we've captured, and won't be merciful toward a single one of the ones we capture from now on.
Go tell them that.
Here comes the French messenger, my king.
He looks more humble than he used to.
What, what does this mean, herald?
Don't you know I have offered these bones of mine as ransom?
Do you come for ransom again?
No, great King.
I'll tell you the truth, messenger, I don't know whether we won or not, because many of your horsemen are searching and galloping over the field.
You won.
May God, not our strength, be praised for that!
What is this castle that stands near here called?
They call it Agincourt.
Then we call this the battle of Agincourt, fought on Crispin Crispianus's day.
You majesty, your famous grandfather and your great uncle Edward the Black Prince of Wales, as I have read in history books, fought a very brave battle here in France.
They did, Fluellen.
Your Majesty speaks the truth.
I wear it to remember an honorable occasion, because, as you know, I am Welsh like you.
All the water in the river Wye can't wash your Majesty's Welsh blood out of your body, I can tell you that: God bless it and keep it safe as long as his Grace and Majesty wishes.
Thanks, good countryman.
By Jesus, I am your Majesty's countryman, I don't care who knows.
I will confess it to the whole world.
I don't need to be ashamed of you, your Majesty, praise God, as long as you are an honest man.
May God me one.
Messengers, go with him.
Bring me a true record of the numbers both sides lost.
Call that man over here.
Soldier, you must come see the king.
Soldier, why do you wear that glove in your hat?
Your Majesty, it was give to me by a man I'm supposed to fight, if he's alive.
An Englishman?
What do you think, Captain Fluellen, is it right for this soldier to keep his oath?
I think he would be a coward and a criminal if he didn't, your Majesty.
It might be that his enemy is an important gentleman, far above him in rank.
Even if he's as good a gentleman as the devil, as good as Lucifer and Beelzebub themselves, it is necessary, you see, that he keep his oath and his promise.
If he breaks the oath, see, his reputation will be that he's as terrible a good for  nothing and insolent fellow as any that every walked with a black shoe on God's earth, that's what I think.
Then keep your oath, fellow, when you meet the man.
I will, my king, I swear.
Who do you serve under?
Under Captain Gower, my king.
Gower is a good captain, and is knowledgeable of and well  read in the wars.
Call him here to me, soldier.
I will, my king.
Here, Fluellen, wear this object for me and stick it in your hat.
When Alençon and I had both fallen from our horses fighting each other, I grabbed this glove from his helmet.
If any man tries to fight you over this, he is a friend of Alençon's and an enemy of mine.
If you meet anyone like that, take him captive if you love me.
Your Grace does me as great an honor as any subject could wish for.
Do you know Gower?
He is my good friend.
Go find him and bring him to my tent.
I will fetch him.
Lord Warwick and brother Gloucester, follow Fluellen closely.
The glove I gave him to wear might get him a box on the ear.
It belongs to the soldier.
I'm supposed to be wearing it myself.
Follow, good cousin Warwick.
I bet it's to knight you, Captain.
By God, Captain, I beg you, come quickly to the king.
There are more good things coming to you than perhaps you can dream of.
Sir, do you recognize this glove?
Recognize the glove!
I recognize the glove is a glove.
I know that, and I'll fight for it.
By God, he's as terrible a traitor as any in the whole world, or in France, or in England!
What, sir?
You criminal!
Do you think I'll break my oath?
Get back, Captain Gower.
I will punish treason by hitting it, I swear.
I am not a traitor.
That's a lie.
I order you in his Majesty name, arrest him.
He's a friend of the Duke of Alençon.
What, what's the matter?
What, what's the matter?
My king, this was my glove.
Your Majesty, hear now what a wrongdoing, criminal, beggar like, lousy good for nothing he is.
Give me your glove, soldier.
Look, here's the other in the pair.
It was me you promised to hit, and you insulted me terribly.
Your Majesty, hang him for it, if there is any martial law in this world.
How can you make this up to me?
All bad deeds, my lord, come from the heart.
My heart never intended to hurt your Majesty.
It was me you insulted.
You didn't come to as yourself, your Majesty.
You appeared to me to be a common man.
Because of the night, your clothes, your common appearance.
And what you experienced in that disguise, I beg you to see it as your own fault and not mine, because, had you been what you seemed to be, I would not have committed a crime.
So I beg you to pardon me.
Here, uncle Exeter, fill this glove with coins and give it to this fellow.
Keep it, fellow, and wear it as an honor in your hat until I want to fight you for it.
Give him the coins.
And, captain, you must make friends with him.
By day and by this light, the fellow is brave enough.
Wait, here is twelve pence for you, and I ask you to serve God and keep out of brawls and fight and quarrels and disagreements, and I promise that will be better for you.
I don't want your money.
I offer it with good will.
I can tell you it would be good for you to use it to get your shoes fixed.
Come on, why do you look so embarrassed?
Your shoes are not so good.
This is a good shilling, I promise you, or I'll exchange it for another.
Now, messenger, have the dead been counted?
Here is the list of dead Frenchman.
What noble prisoners have been captured, uncle?
Charles, duke of Orléans, nephew of the king, John, duke of Bourbon, and Lord Bouciqualt.
A good fifteen hundred lords, barons, knights and squires.
This note tells me about ten thousand Frenchmen lying dead in the field.
Among these, one hundred twenty six princes and nobles carrying banners lie dead.
Added to these, eight thousand four hundred knights, esquires, and gentlemen, of which five hundred were dubbed knights only yesterday.
So among the ten thousand they lost were only sixteen hundred mercenaries.
The rest are princes, barons, lords, knights, squires, and gentlemen of good family.
The names of their nobles who lie died are: Charles Delabreth, high constable of France, Jaques of Chatillon, admiral of France, the Master of the Crossbows, Lord Rambures, Great Master of France, the brave Sir Guichard Dauphin, John, duke of Alençon, Anthony, duke of Brabant, the brother of the duke of Burgundy, and Edward, duke of Bar.
It's amazing.
Is it not allowed, your Majesty, to report how many were killed?
Yes, Captain, but with the acknowledgement that God fought for us.
Yes, I know He did us a lot of good.
Let's perform all the holy ceremonies.
No, that's right.
But why do you wear your leek today?
Saint Davy's day has passed.
There are times and reasons why for everything.
I will tell you, since you're my friend, Captain Gower.
The good for  nothing, scabby, beggar like, lousy, bragging criminal, Pistol, who you yourself and all the world know to be nothing more than a fellow, you see, with no good qualities, he came to me and brought me bread and salt yesterday, see, and asked me to eat my leek.
Here he comes, swelled up like a turkey.
I don't care about his swellings, or his turkeys.
God bless you, Ancient Pistol, you disgusting, lousy criminal, God bless you.
What, are you crazy?
Do you want, low Trojan , to make me meet my fate?
Go away.
The smell of leeks makes me sick.
I beg you, disgusting, lousy criminal, to fulfill my desire, my request, and my petition to you to eat, see, this leek.
Not for the Welsh hero Cadwallader and all his goats.
Here's one goat for you.
Will you be so kind, scabby criminal, as to eat it?
Low Trojan, you will die.
You tell the truth, scabby knave, when God wishes it.
I ask you to survive in the meantime and eat your food.
Come on, here's a sauce for it.
You called me a "mountain servant" yesterday, but today I will make you a low servant.
Please, tuck in.
If you can mock a leek, you can eat a leek.
Enough, Captain.
You have astonished him.
I say I will make him eat some part of my leek, or I will beat him on the head for four days.
Bite, I beg you.
It will be good for your fresh wound and your bloody head.
Must I bite?
Yes, certainly, no doubt and no question, too, and no ambiguities.
By this leek, I will get a horrible revenge.
I'm eating and eating, I promise
Eat, please.
Do you want more sauce on your leek?
There isn't enough leek left to swear by.
Shut your mouth.
You see I'm eating.
Much good may it do you, scabby criminal, really.
No, please don't throw any of it away.
The skin is good for your wounded head.
When you happen to see leeks in the future, please, go ahead and mock them, that's all.
Good.
Yes, leeks are good.
Here, here's four pence to heal your head.
Me, four pence?
Yes, truly, and you'll take it, or I have another leek in my pocket, which you will eat.
I take your four pence as a sign of my revenge.
If I owe you anything, I will pay you with clubs.
You will be a wood seller and not buy anything from me except clubs.
God be with you and keep you safe and heal your head.
All hell will rise for this.
Go, go.
You're a lying cowardly criminal.
You mocked an ancient tradition begun on an honorable occasion and worn as a memento of past bravery, and you don't dare to follow through with any of the threats you make.
I have seen you mocking and annoying this gentleman two or three times.
You thought because he couldn't speak English like a native speaker, he couldn't use an English club.
You find out you were wrong, and from now on let a Welsh punishment teach you good English manners.
Goodbye.
Is Fortune being as mean as a wife to me now?
I have heard that my Nell is dead in the hospital from a French sickness , and my romance is cut short.
I grow old, and honor is clubbed out of my tired limbs.
Well, I'll become a pimp, and sometimes a quick handed pick pocket.
I'll steal away to England, and there I'll steal.
And I'll put patches on these club scars, and swear I got them in the wars in France.
To my brother the king of France and my sister his wife, I wish good day and good health.
I am very glad to see your face, my most worth brother.
It's a pleasure.
And a pleasure to see you, English princes, every one.
May the decisions made on this good day and at this polite meeting be as happy, brother England, as we are now to see you your face  your face which has up to now carried in it against the French who came across it the deadly eyes of murdering basilisks .
The poison of such looks, we hope, does not work any more, and this day will change all sorrows and quarrels into love.
I'm here to say "amen" to that.
Welcome, all you English princes.
My obedience to you both, whom I love equally, great kings of France and England.
Both sides can bear witness that I have worked with all my wit and strength and made every effort to bring your royal Majesties to this royal meeting.
I have done part of my job in bringing you face to face and royal eye to eye.
If, Duke of Burgundy, you want the peace, lack of which allows the imperfections you mentioned to grow, you must buy that peace by agreeing fully to all my just demands, which you have, written down, with details and explanations, in your hands.
The king has heard them, and has not yet given an answer.
Well then, the peace you argued for before depends on his answer.
I have only glanced at the list very quickly.
If your grace could appoint some of your advisers to sit with me once again to look at them more closely, I will soon give you my acceptance and final answer.
Brother, I will.
Go, uncle Exeter, and brother Clarence, and you, brother Gloucester, Warwick and Huntingdon, go with the king, and take my permission to confirm, add to, or change, as you think best for my dignity, anything in or out of the demands, and I'll agree to the changes.
Will you, beautiful sister, go with the princes or stay here with us?
Kind brother, I will go with them.
Perhaps a woman's voice will do some good, when they are arguing about unimportant details.
But leave my cousin Katherine here with me.
She is my primary demand, asked for first in the list.
She has permission.
Beautiful, most beautiful Katherine, will you agree to teach a soldier words that will enter a woman's ear and argue for his love to her gentle heart?
Your Majesty will laugh at me.
I cannot speak your England.
Oh beautiful Katherine, if you love me with your French heart, I will be glad to hear you say it in your broken English.
Do you like me, Kate?
Forgive me , I don't know what is "like me.  "
An angel is like you, Kate, and you are like an angel.
What does he say?
That I am like the angels?
Yes, truly, your Grace, that's what he's saying.
I said so, dear Katherine; and I don't blush to stand by it.
Oh Good God!
Men's words are full of lies.
What is she saying, beautiful one?
That the words of men are full of lies?
Yes, that the tongues of the mans is be full of lies; that is the princess.
The princess is a better Englishwoman than I am an Englishman.
Truly, Kate, my courtship of you is as bad your understanding of it.
I am glad you can speak no better English because, if you could, you would find me such a plain king that you would think I had sold my farm to buy my crown.
I don't know how to mince words about love, but just to say simply, "I love you.  "
Your honor, I understand well.
Well, if you want me to write poetry or dance for you, Kate, you'll destroy me.
It is possible for me to love the enemy of France?
No, it is not possible for you to love the enemy of France.
But, in loving me, you would love the friend of France, because I love France so much I refuse to give up a single village in it.
It will all be mine.
And, Kate, when France is mine and I am yours, then France is yours and you are mine.
I can't tell what that means.
No, Kate?
I'll tell you in French, which I'm sure will hang as heavily on my tongue like a new wife around her husband's neck, hard to shake off.
I when the possession of France, and when you have the possession of me  let me see, what then?
Saint Denis help me!
then yours is France and you are mine.
It is as easy for me, Kate, to conquer the country as to speak that much French.
I will never convince you to do anything in French, except to laugh at me.
No, really, I don't, Kate, but you speak my language and I yours as well or rather badly as each other.
But, Kate, do you understand this much English?
Can you love me?
I cannot tell.
Can any of your neighbors tell, Kate?
I'll ask them.
Come on, I know you love me; and at night, when you go to your room, you'll ask this gentlewoman about me, and I know that you'll complain about the things you secretly love about me.
But, good Kate, be merciful in mocking me, because I'm terribly in love with you.
If you're ever mine, Kate, which I have faith that you will, I will win you by fighting, and you must for that reason give birth to soldiers.
Won't the two of us, between Saint Denis and Saint George, give birth to a boy, half French, half English, who will go to Constantinople and fight the Turks?
Won't we?
What do you say, my beautiful French princess ?
I do not know that.
No, we'll know later, but we can promise it now.
Just promise now, Kate, you'll do your best on your French side to make a boy like that; and as for my English half take the word of a king and a bachelor.
What do you say, the most beautiful Katherine in the world, my most dear and divine god ?
Your Majesty has enough bad French to deceive the wisest lady in France.
Darn my bad French.
By my honor, in honest English, I love you, Kate.
I don't dare swear you love me by that honor, but I begin to flatter myself you do, despite the bad effect my face has.
Now, damn my father's ambition!
He was thinking about civil war when he conceived me, so I was created with an ugly appearance, with a face of iron, so when I flirt with ladies, I frighten them.
But, really, Kate, the older I get, the better I will look.
My comfort is that old age, which treats beauty so badly, can't do any more damage to my face.
You take me, if you take me, at my worst, and if you put me on you'll wear me better and better.
So tell me, most beautiful Katherine, will you have me?
That depends on what pleases the king my father.
No, it will please him a lot, Kate; it will please him, Kate.
Then it will also please me.
Then I kiss your hand and call you my queen.
Stop, my lord, stop, stop!
Goodness, I don't want you to lower your greatness by kissing the hand of a  my God!
unworthy servant.
Don't, I beg you, my most powerful lord.
Then I will kiss your lips, Kate.
It's not the custom in France for ladies and young women to be kissed before their marriage.
My interpreter, what does she say?
That it is not the fashion for the ladies of France   I can't tell what is to kiss in English.
To kiss.
Your Majesty understands better than I do.
It's not a custom for the ladies in France to kiss before they are married, she wants to say?
Yes, exactly.
Oh Kate, pointless customs don't apply to great kings.
Dear Kate, you and I aren't confined by the weak customs of a country.
We make customs and are free, Kate, because our power seals the lips of anyone who wants to criticize, just as I'll seal yours for sticking to the pointless custom of your country in denying me a kiss.
So, patiently and agreeably.   .
There's witchcraft in your lips, Kate.
There are more beautiful speeches in a sweet touch of them than in the mouths of the French council, and they would persuade Harry of England more quickly than a petition signed by all the other kings.
Here comes your father.
God save your majesty.
My royal cousin, are you teaching our princess English?
My cousin, I want her to learn how much I love her, and that is good English.
Is she not a quick learner?
I don't speak very well, cousin, and am not polite, so, because I don't know how and don't want to flatter her, I can't conjure up the spirit of love in her to make him appear in his true form.
Forgive me for laughing at you openly.
But they do shut their eyes and give in, since love is blind and powerful.
It's not their fault, then, my lord, when they don't see what they do.
Then, my good lord, teach your cousin to agree to shut her eyes.
The moral of this is I should wait for the right time and a hot summer.
And that way I will catch the fly, your cousin, by the tail, and she will be blind too.
As blind as love is, my lord, before it loves.
It's true.
And some of you can thank me for my blindness, because I can't see many French cities because of one beautiful French virgin who stands in my way.
Yes, my lord, you see them in perspective, the cities turned into a virgin, because they are surrounded by virgin walls that war has never entered.
Will Kate be my wife?
If it pleases you.
I am content, as long as the virgin cities you talk about come too.
So the virgin who stood in the way of my wish will show me the way to my desire.
I have consented to all reasonable demands.
Is that so, my lords of England?
The skies are covered with darkness, day has passed into night now!
England has never had such a king before him.
We mourn dressed in black, but shouldn't we mourn by shedding blood ?
He was lucky because he was the best of kings .
For the French, he was worse than the end of the world, they were so terrified to see him.
He fought battles in the name of God and the prayers of the church made him successful.
The church!
Where is the church?
Honorable lords, I wish you all well!
What are you saying?
And why are you saying it before the body of the dead Henry?
Has Paris been lost?
And did Rouen surrender?
If Henry were brought back to life, that news would make him die again.
How were they lost?
Was treason involved?
No treason there weren't enough men and we needed more money.
If we didn't cry enough at this funeral, this news will surely make us cry more.
As Regent of France, I am concerned about this.
Give me my armor.
I'll fight for France.
Put away these shameful mourning clothes!
I will not cry for the miseries in France but will instead fight for them and offer up my body.
Lords, take a look at these letters which tell of horror.
The Dauphin has been made king!
And they all run to him!
Oh, how can we escape this shame?
We won't run, unless we run toward the throats of our enemies.
Bedford, if you're too lazy, I will fight.
Why do you doubt that I am ready to fight, Gloucester?
In my mind, I imagine that I have already gathered an army and invaded France.
What?
And Talbot lost this fight?
Is that right?
Oh no, I will tell you more about how Talbot was defeated.
Is Talbot dead?
Then, I will kill myself, because being lazy and living in luxurious comfort, while such a noble leader is destroyed by his cowardly enemies, is betrayal.
I remember it and am leaving now to prepare.
I'll go to the Tower, as fast as I can, to check out the state of our weapons.
Each of you has somewhere to go and something to do.
Let's increase our attacks.
Call our men to battle!
We will hurry towards them.
We fight for the honor of the hopeless French!
I forgive whoever will kill me, when he sees that I step one foot back and run away.
Who has ever seen anything like this before?
What kind of men do I have?
Dogs!
Cowards!
Our countryman, Froissart , writes that England brought to life all Olivers and Rowlands , during Edward the Third's rule.
Now, we can confirm this is true, because England have sent out only Samsons and Goliases to fight.
One English man for every ten French ones!
Thin, skeleton like villains !
Who would have thought they had such courage and boldness?
Let's.
Where is the Prince Dauphin?
I have news for him.
You're very welcome, Bastard of Orleans.
I think you look sad, and your face is pale.
Go, tell her to come in.
Pretty girl, is it you who will perform these miraculous actions?
Reignier, do you think that you can deceive me?
Where is the Dauphin?
For her first meeting, she plays her part well.
Dauphin, I am a shepherd's daughter, I am unintelligent and uneducated.
Then let's do this, in God's name!
And while I am alive, I will never run away from any man.
Stop, stop your hands!
You are an Amazon and you fight with the sword of Deborah .
I would be too weak without the help of the Virgin Mary.
In the meantime, look with favor on your kneeling slave.
I think my lord is talking too much.
He must be hearing her confession and offering her forgiveness, otherwise he wouldn't speak for so long.
Should we interrupt him, since he is taking so long?
My lord, what are your intentions?
What are you planning to do?
Should we abandon Orleans or not?
I say: "No!  "
I can confirm what she says.
I have been chosen to punish the English.
Was Mahomet inspired by a dove ?
Then you are inspired by an eagle.
Neither Helen , the mother of the great Constantine, nor Saint Philip's daughters were as good as you.
Venus, you shining star, that has fallen onto the earth, how can I worship you properly?
Let's not waste time and let's start the attack.
Who is knocking in such an arrogant manner?
First Serving Man It's the noble Duke of Gloucester.
I don't care who he is.
You can't go in.
Our answer is that the Lord will protect him.
We only do what we are ordered.
Who ordered you?
Whose order should you follow apart from mine?
I am the only protector of the kingdom.
Open the gates, I can guarantee that it will be fine.
What is this noise?
What traitors do we have here?
Lieutenant, is it your voice that I hear?
Open the gates.
Woodvile, you coward!
Does he mean more to you than I do?
What's going on, ambitious Humphry!
What is the meaning of all this?
You, bald priest, command me to be kept outside?
Do what you wish but I will defy you.
What?
You challenge me and defy me?
Attack, men, even though we are in a location where it's illegal to draw swords!
Gloucester, you will answer for this before the pope.
Winchester, you goose !
Bring me a rope, a rope!
Ugh, lords!
How could you, as the supreme magistrates , so disgracefully break the peace?
Calm down, mayor.
I won't answer you with words, but with my sword.
I will call for weapons, if you won't go away.
This cardinal is more disdainful than the devil.
Goodbye, Mayor.
Hateful Gloucester, watch out for your head because I intend to have it soon.
Now make sure the coast is clear and then we will leave.
Good God, these noble lords have such a bad temper!
I myself have not fought in forty years.
Sir, you know that Orleans was attacked, and that the English won in the outskirts of the city.
Father, I know and I kept shooting at them.
But now you won't miss.
Talbot my life, my joy, you have returned again!
How did they treat you while you were prisoner?
Or, how were you Discourse, I prithee, on this turret's top.
But you didn't tell us how you were treated.
They mocked me and laughed at me and teased me constantly.
I think at the north gate, because that's where the lords stand.
And I think here, at the barrier of the bridge.
From what I can see, this city must be starving.
Oh god, pity us, miserable sinners!
Oh god, pity me, lamentable man!
What just happened here?
What disorder is this?
What disturbance is in the heavens?
Where does this alarm and noise come from?
Can you hear how the dying Salisbury moans?
It distresses him that he cannot be revenged.
Where is my strength, my courage and my spirit?
Our English troops are leaving, I can't make them stay.
Here she comes.
Come, come, it is only me that must shame you!
Heavens, how can you let hell win?
My chest will burst from straining my courage and my arms will crack in two from my shoulders.
But I will punish this noble minded whore.
Catch up with me if you can, I laugh at your "strength.  "
Listen, countrymen!
Why are the bells not ringing through the town?
Dauphin, command the citizens to light bonfires and eat and have a banquet in the streets, to celebrate the joy that God has given us.
All of France will be full of merriment and joy, when they hear how we have performed our role as soldiers.
Sergeant, you will know it.
And so poor servants have to watch in darkness, in rain and cold, while others sleep quietly in their beds.
French coward !
He hurts his own reputation by not trusting in his own ability and instead enlisting witches and accepting help from hell!
Traitors never have company.
But who is that Pucelle, of whom they all speak of as being so virtuous?
A simple girl, they say.
A girl!
And she is a warrior!
Rise, brave Talbot and we will follow you.
I agree.
And I'll go to this one.
And here will Talbot climb, or die.
Now, Salisbury, for you and for the right of English Henry, you will see tonight how much I am bound in duty to both of you.
Arm yourself!
The enemy is attacking!
Cry: 'St.
What's going on, my lords?
What?!
Not ready indeed!
We're glad that we managed to escape.
It is time that we wake up and leave our beds, since we hear alarms at the doors to our rooms.
I have never heard of a plan more reckless or desperate than this, ever since I first fought in battle myself.
I think this Talbot is a demon from hell.
If he isn't from hell, the heavens favor him, for sure.
Here comes Charles!
Oh please, holy Joan was his defensive guard.
Is this your magic, you deceitful woman?
Did you at first falsely encourage us with your magic, give us a little victory, so that our loss now might be ten times as bad?
Why is Charles angry with his friend!  ?
Is my power supposed to work all the time?
Should I always be victorious, whether I am sleeping or awake, will you blame it all on me?
Careless soldiers!
If your watch had been better, this sudden attack would have never happened.
If all the rooms had been as guarded as they were when I was in charge, we wouldn't have been so disgracefully surprised.
Mine was guarded.
And so was mine, my lord.
I'll be so bold to take what they have left.
The day is almost here and the night, whose black cloak covered the earth, has passed.
Sound the trumpets to signal retreat and end our chase.
Bring forward the body of old Salisbury and display it here in the market square, which is the center of this cursed town.
People think, Lord Talbot, that when the fight began, they rose suddenly from their sleepy beds, and among the troops of armed men, they jumped over the walls to find shelter in the field.
As far as I could tell, by looking through the smoke and dark vapors of the night, I am sure I scared the Dauphin and his whore, when they came quickly running, hand in hand, like a pair of loving turtle doves that couldn't be separated during the day night.
After we sort out everything here, we'll follow them with all the military force we have.
Greetings, my lords!
Here is that Talbot.
Is it?
Well, then, I see that our wars turn into nothing more than amusing entertainment, when ladies want to meet with us.
My lord, you shouldn't disrespect her kind offer.
Well, then, since there's no alternative, I will test this Lady's politeness.
Come here, Captain.
Do you understand my intention?
I do, my lord, and I mean to act correspondingly to it.
I will, madam.
Madam, as your ladyship wanted, and desired by my message, here comes Lord Talbot.
And he is welcome.
What!  ?
Is this the man?
Madam, it is him.
Is this the person who causes fear in France?
Is this the Talbot that is so feared all around the world that mothers hush their babies with his name?
What does he mean now?
Go ask him where he is going.
If you are him, then you are a prisoner.
Prisoner!
To whom?
Hahaha!
Villain, why do you laugh?
Your joy will turn to moaning.
I laugh because I see your ladyship is foolish to think that you have anything but Talbot's shadow on which to practice your cruelty.
Why, are you not him?
I am indeed.
Then I have the body too.
I will show you that immediately.
What do you say, madam?
Are you not persuaded that Talbot is only a shadow of himself?
These are his substances, ligaments, arms and strength, with which he imprisons your rebellious necks, wipes out your cities and destroys your towns and in only a moment turns them into ruins.
Victorious Talbot!
What do you mean by this silence, great lords and gentlemen?
Do none of you dare to answer in the name of truth?
We were too loud inside the Temple hall, so here in the garden is more convenient.
Then tell me immediately if I told the truth, or to put it another way: was the argumentative Somerset wrong?
It is true that I have been negligent in the law, and never could adapt my will to it, and instead I adapt the law onto my will.
My lord of Warwick, decide, then between us.
And from where I'm standing, it is so well dressed, so clear, shining and evident that it could shine through a blind man's eye.
Let him that is no coward or flatterer, but who dares to tell the real truth, pluck a red rose with me, from this thorn.
I don't love any color and without all colors of lowly subtle flattery, I pluck this white rose with Plantagenet.
I pluck this red rose with young Somerset and I will also say that I think he is in the right.
Stop, lords and gentlemen and don't pluck any more, until you agree that whichever side has the fewest roses taken from the tree, shall admit to the other that he is right.
Good master Vernon, that's a good argument that you bring forward.
As will I.
Don't prick your finger as you pluck it off, or else your bleeding may paint the white rose red and put you on my side, against your will.
If I bleed for my opinion, my lord, opinion shall be the doctor to my wound and keep me on the side I was on before.
Well, well, come on!
Unless my studies and my books were incorrect, the argument you believed in was wrong.
As a sign of that, I also pluck a white rose.
Somerset, where is your argument now?
Here, in the sheath of my sword, thinking on that which shall dye your white rose a bloody red.
In the meantime, your cheeks imitate our roses, since they look white with fear, as they can see that the truth is on our side.
Does not your rose have a canker , Somerset?
Does not your rose have a thorn, Plantagenet?
Ah yes, sharp and piercing to maintain its truth, while your hungry canker eats all its falsehood.
Well, I'll find friends who will wear my bleeding roses and they shall maintain that what I have said is true, where the dishonest Plantagenet doesn't dare to be seen.
Don't point your mockery this way, Plantagenet.
Proud Pole , I will and mock both him and you.
I'll throw the mockery back down your throat.
Let's go away, good William de la Pole!
We favor the gentleman by talking to him.
I'll keep to my word on any plot on the ground in the Christian land, by him that made me.
Wasn't your father, Richard Earl of Cambridge, executed for treason in the days of our last king?
And because of this treason, are you not stained, corrupted and excluded from the ancient aristocracy?
Ah, you will find out that we'll be ready for you and you'll know us by the colors of your enemies, because we will wear these in spite of you.
And I swear by my soul that I will wear this pale and angry rose as a badge of my blood drinking hate forever, until it goes with me to my grave, or grow to the highest point of my rank.
Go ahead and suffocate on your ambition!
And so, goodbye, until I see you next time.
I will go with you, Pole.
Goodbye, ambitious Richard.
Now I am insulted and must therefore bear it!
This claim that they bring forward to accuse your house will be eliminated in the next parliament.
Good master Vernon, I thank you that you would pluck a flower in my name.
In your name I will continue to wear it.
And so will I.
Thanks, gentlemen.
You kind caretakers of my weak body, let the dying Mortimer rest here alone.
It's as if I were a man just dragged from the rack, so my arms and legs suffer from the long imprisonment.
And these gray hairs, the messengers of death, are like Nestor 's, aged with the weight of sorrow.
Enough!
I will soon be satisfied, then.
He is a poor gentleman.
My lord, your loving nephew is here.
Is Richard Plantagenet, my friend here?
Yes, great uncle, so lowly treated.
First, rest your old back against my arm, and when I am relaxed, I will tell you of my sickness.
The reason, my good nephew, that imprisoned me and confined me in all of my young days in this horrible dungeon, here to die, was a cursed aftermath of your father's death.
Tell me more of the reason, because I know nothing of it and can't guess what it may be.
I will tell you, if my weak breath will allow me and death doesn't come for me before I finish my story.
And you, my lord, are the last of the Mortimers.
Oh uncle, if only some part of my youth could be transferred to you to make up for your old age!
Then you would wrong me, like the murderer who gives you many wounds even when one would be enough to kill you.
And let peace, not war rest on your departed soul!
You have spent your crusade in prison and lived your last days as a loner.
Well, I will lock his advice in my chest and what I do with it will remain a secret.
Wardens, take him away from here and I personally will make sure his burial is better than his life was.
Do you come with carefully planned statements, with written pamphlets that you carefully created, Humphrey of Gloucester?
You arrogant priest!
Gloucester, I dare you.
Lords, listen to my reply to him.
If I were greedy, ambitious or stubborn, as he described me, why am I so poor?
Or why do I not try to rise above my status, but instead keep my low position?
And in a disagreement, who prefers peace more than I do unless I am provoked?
No, my good lords, this is not what offends him.
As good!  ?
You are a bastard of my grandfather!
Yes, my lord, but what are you if not one acting like a king in someone else's throne?
Am I not the protector, you insolent priest?
Am I not the representative of the church?
Yes, you are like a criminal who lives in a castle and uses it to protect what he stole.
You are not worthy of respect, Gloucester!
You are worthy of respect, when it comes to your spiritual function but not your life.
Rome shall fix this.
Wander over there , then.
My lord, it is your duty to refrain yourself.
Yes, the bishop should not be overruled.
I think my lord should be religious and know that the office belongs to such religious persons.
I think his lordship should be more modest, a priest should not beg so much.
Yes, especially when his holy status is so closely concerned.
Holy or unholy status, who cares about that?
Isn't his grace the protector to the king?
What noise is that?
O, my good lords, and virtuous Henry, Pity the city of London, pity us!
Nay, if we be forbidden stones, We'll fall to it with our teeth.
Stay, stay, I say!
And if you love me as much as you say you do, let me persuade you to stop for a while.
Oh, how this disorder upsets my soul!
Lord Winchester, can you watch me sigh and cry and not soften at the sight of it?
Who will be sympathetic if not you?
Or who will work towards peace, if holy churchmen take pleasure in fights?
He should obey, otherwise I will never surrender.
Look, my lord of Winchester, the duke has let go of his anger, as you can tell by looking at his calm expression.
Winchester, here.
Shame on you, uncle Beaufort!
I've heard you preach that evil was a great and dreadful sin and you still won't live according to what you preach, but instead turn into the sinner yourself?
God help me, I didn't mean it!
I am happy about this.
And I will see what type of medicine the pub might offer.
Let Richard have his rights back, so that his father's wrongs will be repaid.
And all the rest, Winchester wants it that way.
If Richard is truthful, I will give him not only that but also all the inheritance that rightfully belongs to the family of York, from where his bloodline began.
And so Richard prospers while your enemies fall!
And as it is my duty, so those that have even one hateful thought against your majesty will die!
Welcome, high prince, the powerful Duke of York!
Die, lowly prince, dishonorable Duke of York!
Wherever Gloucester will tell me to go, I will go.
Your ships are ready.
Ah, yes, we may go to fight in England or in France, but we can't predict what will happen afterwards.
Our bags will be used to attack the city and we'll be lords and rulers of Rouen.
Who is there?
Go in, then.
Now I will destroy your walls, Rouen.
Bless this happy plan, Saint Denis!
And once again, we'll sleep safely in Rouen.
Now it shines like a comet of revenge , it predicts the fall of all our enemies!
Let's not waste time, wasting time has dangerous consequences.
Enter the city and immediately scream "The Dauphin!  "
France, you will regret this treason with your tears, if Talbot survives your betrayal.
The witch Pucelle, that cursed sorceress has brought this evil mischief so unexpectedly on us, that we barely escaped the French.
Good morning, you fine young gentlemen!
Do you want wheat instead of bread?
Your king will starve before that will happen.
Oh, you should let actions and not words revenge this treason!
What are you going to do, good man with the grey beard?
Break a spear in two and fight in a tournament with it until you die?
You dirty demon from France and witch filled with hate!
Are you so hot tempered, sir?
God, hurry up the parliament!
Who will be the speaker?
Do you come forward and meet us in battle?
I don't want to speak to that swearing Hecate , but to you, Alencon, and the rest of you.
No, we won't, my lord.
Hang then, "my lord!  "
Lowly French mule drivers!
They stand near the walls like peasant boy servants and don't dare to grasp their weapons and fight like gentlemen.
Stand back, captains!
My promise is as sure as yours.
But, before we go, look towards this dying prince the brave Duke of Bedford.
Brave Bedford, please let us change your mind!
The spirit coming from your dying chest is unbreakable!
Then, let it be so.
Keep the old Bedford safe, heavens!
Where are you going in such a hurry, Sir John Fastolfe?
Which way!  ?
I have to save myself by running away because it seems like we're about to be defeated again.
What!  ?
You will run away and leave Lord Talbot?
That knight is such a coward!
I hope bad luck follows him.
Now, my quiet soul, please die when heaven tells you to, because I have seen our enemies conquered.
What does the trust or strength of a foolish man mean?
Those who recently challenged us with their mockery are relieved and want to run away to save themselves.
We have both lost and won in only one day!
Thanks, kind duke.
But where is Pucelle now?
Whatever Talbot wants to do, Burgundy agrees to.
But before we go, let's not forget the kind Duke of Bedford who has recently died.
We have been guided by you until now and have not once mistrusted your magical powers.
Think of some surprise strategies and we will make you famous around the world.
They should be expelled from France forever and not hold any title here.
Your honors will observe how I plan to carry this out until we achieve what we want.
Listen!
That sound of the drum tells us that their armies are marching towards Paris.
There goes Talbot, carrying his flags, and all the English soldiers are following after him.
Now at the back comes the duke and his luck makes him fall behind, which is good for us.
Ask to negotiate and we'll talk to him.
We want to negotiate with the Duke of Burgundy!
Who wants to negotiate with Burgundy?
The prince Charles of France, your countryman.
What do you have to say to me, Charles?
See, I am walking towards you now.
Pucelle, speak and bewitch him with your words.
Brave Burgundy, you are the unquestionable hope of France!
Stay here and let me your lowly servant girl speak to you.
Speak then.
Look at your country, look at fruitful France and see that the cities and towns are destroyed by the destructive ruin of its cruel enemy.
She has either charmed me with her words or nature suddenly makes me regret everything.
Also, all the French and France accuse you, they are doubting your birth and the legitimacy of your lineage.
And you join a proud nation that only trusts you for the sake of profit?
Once Talbot has set up a base in France and made you into that tool of destruction, who but the English Henry will be lord and you will be cast away like a refugee!
He's like a Frenchman!
Welcome, brave duke!
Your friendship renews us.
And it makes us feel new courage in our chests.
Uncle Gloucester, is this the Lord Talbot, that has been in France for so long?
Yes, if you are happy with that, my lord.
Brave captain and victorious lord, welcome!
When I was young not that I am old now I remember how my father used to say that a bolder champion had never held a sword than you.
Yes, sir, I dare as much as you dare to defend the jealous barking of your insolent tongue that spoke against my lord, the Duke of Somerset.
Boy, I honor your lord for what he's worth.
Why?
What is he worth?
Listen, I don't think so.
Put the crown on his head, lord bishop.
God save King Henry!
I came from Calais to hurry to your coronation, my gentle king, and I was given this letter from the Duke of Burgundy.
Shame on you and the Duke of Burgundy!
I've done this because you don't deserve such high status.
To be honest, that crime is shameful and doesn't suit any ordinary man, let alone a knight, a captain, and a leader!
Do you hear the judgement?
And now, my lord protector, read the letter that the Duke of Burgundy sent us.
What does he mean, why has he changed his form of address?
Does he say nothing more than a simple "To the king?"
Has he forgotten that Henry is his king?
My uncle Burgundy rebels against me?
He does, my lord.
Is anything worse written in this letter?
That is the worst that he writes, my lord.
Well, then, you will talk with him, Talbot and punish him for this betrayal.
What do you say to that, my lord?
Are you not happy about it?
Happy, my king!
My gracious king, give me permission to fight in a duel.
My lord, grant me permission too.
This is my servant.
And this is my servant.
Lords, be patient and let them speak.
Gentlemen, tell me what makes you ask for this?
With him, because he has harmed me, my lord.
And I want to fight with him, because he has harmed me.
What is the cause of this wrongdoing, that you both complain about?
Tell me about it first and then I'll reply to your request.
Won't you stop this hate, Somerset?
Your personal resentment will end, although you won't be the one who suppresses it, my Lord of York.
Let this disagreement be tested in a fight and then your highness can ask for peace.
Here is my glove .
No, let it remain where it was before.
Let us do this, then, my honorable lord.
Let you do this!  ?
Your argument should be destroyed!
And you should die along with your reckless chatter!
Aren't you ashamed, you arrogant servants, that you trouble and disturb the king and us with this shameless noisy insult?!
As for you, my lords, I don't think you should take their wicked accusations and definitely don't take it as an opportunity to start a fight between yourselves.
It makes his highness sad and so, my good lords, be friends.
I thought that the king played the role of the public speaker rather well, my lord of York.
From what I know, he did but let's forget about that.
You did well, Richard, to stop speaking, because if the passions of your heart were to come to the surface, I am afraid it would have revealed more hateful malice and a fight more angry and furious than can be imagined or assumed.
But anyway, any ordinary man who sees this disturbing conflict between the lords, this pushing of each other in court and the competition between their favorites, can see that this will have some terrible outcome.
It's bad enough when children are kings, but it is even worse when jealousy creates unnatural divisions.
Trumpeter, go to the gates of Bourdeaux and call their general to the wall.
You predict death , our nation's terror and their bloody whips!
The end of your tyranny is almost here.
Listen!
Listen!
It's the Dauphin's drum, it's the warning bell ringing to warn us of an invasion.
Have the lively guards that followed the powerful army of the Dauphin not returned yet?
Curse that villain Somerset who delays my promised supply of horsemen, who are required for this attack!
The famous Talbot expects my help, and I am mocked by a treasonous villain and can't help the noble knight.
I hope God will be his comfort when he needs it!
Oh God, if only Somerset, whose pride stopped him from delivering my horsemen, was in Talbot's place!
Oh, send some help to the worried lord!
If he dies, we lose, I break the word of a soldier, we grieve, France smiles, we lose, they win.  .  .  .  All because of this evil traitor Somerset!
Then, let God take pity on the soul of brave Talbot and also on his young son John, who I met two hours ago as he was traveling to see his father.
Talbot hasn't seen his son for seven years and now when they finally meet both of their lives are nearly over.
How is it going, Sir William?
Where are you coming from?
Where, my lord?
York sent him there, York should have sent him help.
And York also reacted as quickly against you, swearing that you withheld the army that was reserved for this military action.
If he is dead, then brave Talbot goodbye!
His fame will continue on in the world and his shame will live in you.
Oh, young Talbot!
I sent for you so I could teach you the strategies of war, so that the name of Talbot might be brought back to life in you when weak age and incapable arms and legs put your father in his grave.
But, oh, you evil and wicked stars!
Isn't my name Talbot?
And am I not your son?
And I should run away?
If I am killed, you have to fly to avenge my death.
The one that runs away will never come back.
If both of us stay, we are both going to die, I'm sure of that.
Shall all your mother's hopes lie in one grave?
Yes, rather that than if I were to shame my mother's womb.
I give you my blessings and order you to go.
I will go to fight, but not to run away from the enemy.
Part of your father may be saved in you.
Every part of him would only be shameful to me.
You've never known it, so you can't lose it.
Yes, your famous name!
Your father's order shall clean you from that stain.
You can't know what I'll do, when you're dead.
If death is so certain, we should both run away.
And leave my men here to fight and die?
I've never been marked with so much shame.
And should my young age be guilty of that?
Saint George and victory!
Fight, soldiers, fight.
York has broken his word to me and left us to angrily fight the French.
Where is my son?
Stop for a moment and take a deep breath.
Oh, you are twice my father and I am twice your son!
The life that you first gave me was lost until your warrior's sword, despite recent events, prolonged my life, which seemed to have an appointed ending.
When you attacked the Dauphin's helmet with your sword, it warmed your father's heart with pride for such a bold victory.
Then old age, made fast with youthful anger, defeated Alencon, Orleans, Burgundy and saved you from the best of France.
Where is my other life?
I have lost my own.
Oh, where is young Talbot?
Oh, my dear lord, look, your son is being carried here!
If York and Somerset brought help, this would have been a bloody day.
Cut them down to pieces, break their bones apart.
Oh, no, let it go!
Let us not harm the dead, since we ran away from him when he was alive.
Messenger, take me to the Dauphin's tent, so I can find out who won today.
What message of surrender do you bring?
Surrender, Dauphin!
You're asking for prisoners?
Our prison is hell.
But tell me who you're looking for.
This is a silly stately list of titles!
The Turk who had fifty two kingdoms did not write in a style as dull as this.
The one that you describe so elaborately with all these titles is lying at your feet, stinking and rotting.
Go and take their bodies away.
I'll take them from here, but from their ashes will rise like a phoenix that will scare the whole of France.
Now that we're rid of them, do what you want with them.
And now, let's go to Paris, in this victorious fashion.
Have you read the letters from the pope, the emperor and the Earl of Armagnac?
I have, my lord, and this is what they want: they ask your excellence earnestly to settle a godly peace between the countries of England and France.
And are you inclined to agree with their proposal?
Marriage, uncle!
Ah, but I am still so young!
It is better that I spend my time studying and buried in books than fooling around with a lover.
What!  ?
Is the Lord of Winchester inaugurated, and has he become a cardinal?
Then I think what Henry the Fifth once predicted will come true: "If he becomes a cardinal one day, he'll make his Cardinal's hat as powerful as the crown.  "
My lords ambassadors, your separate requests have been considered and debated.
And therefore we can say for certain that we will draw up the conditions of a friendly peace, which shall be taken to France immediately by my Lord of Winchester.
And as I was asked, I have informed his highness about the virtuous gifts of the lady, her beauty and the price of her dower and he agreed that she shall be England's queen.
As evidence of our contract bring her this jewel, as a promise of my love.
And so, my lord protector, make sure they are protected and safely brought to Dover where once they have set off, leave them to be carried by the sea.
I will do as my lord pleases.
Now Winchester won't surrender, or be subordinate to the proudest lords, I am sure.
Then let's go to Paris, royal Charles of France, and don't delay your troops.
If they turn to us for help, peace be with them!
I wish success to our brave general and happiness to his allies!
What news do you bring, scout?
I beg you, speak.
The English army that was divided into two parts has now merged into one and is planning on attacking you soon.
That warning seems a bit of out the blue, sirs.
Fear is the worst of all the main passions.
Then, off we go, my lords!
The regent is victorious and the Frenchmen are running away.
Quick helpers, the servants of the devil, appear to me and help me with my plan.
This swift and quick appearance is proof of your familiar determination to help me.
Now, my familiar spirits, that have been picked from the powerful spaces under the earth, help me once more so that France will win the battle.
Oh, don't leave me hanging here in this silence for too long!
Whereas until now I was accustomed to feed you my blood, I'll cut off a limb and give it to you as an advance payment for a later favor, so that you will agree to help me now.
Is there no hope of assistance?
My body shall compensate for it, if you'll fulfill my request.
Can't my body or blood sacrifice convince you to assist me like you usually do?
Take my soul, my body, soul and everything, then, before England defeats the French.
See, they abandon me!
Now it is time for France to lower her helmet decorated with feathers and let her head fall into England's lap .
You can't be changed to a worse shape than you are!
Oh, yes, Charles the Dauphin is a handsome man and you only like his shape.
A horrible plague on Charles and you!
And I hope you'll both be suddenly surprised by bloody hands, while you're asleep!
Fierce cursing witch, be quiet!
Please, let me curse for a while.
You can curse all you like when you are at the stake, you heretic!
Whatever you are, you are now my prisoner.
Oh, what a beauty you are!
My name is Margaret and I am the King of Naples' daughter.
I'm an earl and my name is Suffolk.
Stay!
Tell me, Earl of Suffolk if that's your name what price do I have to pay before you'll let me go?
I suppose, I am your prisoner.
How can you know that she will deny your request before you have even tested her love?
Why don't you speak?
What price do I have to pay?
She is so beautiful that I must flirt with her, since she is a woman and must be won over.
Will you accept some sort of price?
Yes, or no?
Foolish man, do you forget that you have a wife?
I should probably leave him, since he's not listening to me.
That's it, this ruins all my hopes of winning .
He speaks very randomly.
And yet divorce with the Pope's permission is an option.
And yet I'd like him to answer me!
I'll win this Lady Margaret.
For whom?
Well, for my king!
He speaks of wood .
Can you hear me, captain?
Yes, that's how it will be, however arrogant they will be about it.
Henry is young and will agree to this.
Madam, I have a secret to tell you.
What, even though I am taken captive ?
Well, he seems like a knight and won't disrespect me in any way.
Lady, please listen to what I have to say.
Maybe I'll be rescued by the French and then I don't need to hope for his kindness.
Sweet madam, please hear what I have to say about
Ah, please, women have been taken prisoner before me.
Lady, why do you talk like this?
I ask for mercy, it's simply "quid pro quo.  "
Tell me, gentle princess, wouldn't you think your imprisonment is a good thing if you were made a queen?
To be an imprisoned queen is more low than to be a slave in servitude.
And you will be free, if the happy royal king of England is free.
Why should I care about his freedom?
I want to make you Henry's queen and put a golden scepter in your hand and a precious crown on your head, if you will agree to be my
Your what?
His love.
I am not good enough to be Henry's wife.
No, gentle madam, I am not good enough to court such a fair woman to be his wife, and have no part in the choice myself.
What do you say, madam?
If my father is happy, I will be too.
Then I'll call our captains and the bearers of our military flags.
And we'll ask for negotiation at your father's walls, madam, so we can discuss this with him.
See, Reignier, your daughter is a prisoner!
A prisoner to whom?
To me.
Suffolk, what can I do?
I am a soldier and am unable to cry or to accuse inconstancy of fortune.
Does Suffolk speak his mind?
Fair Margaret knows that Suffolk doesn't flatter, deceive or fake anything.
On your princely guarantee, I will come down to give you an answer to your honorable request.
And I wait for your arrival here.
Since you have already put in the effort to court her and the little she is worth, to be the bride of such a lord, I will agree on the condition that I may quietly enjoy my territories of Maine and Anjou, which will be free from oppression and the attacks of war.
And I, in return, in Henry's royal name, since you are the deputy of the king, give you her hand as a sign of the promise.
Reignier of France, I thank you in the name of my king, because this is the king's business.
And yet, I think I would be quite happy to represent myself in this case.
I'll go over to England then, with this news and formalize this marriage.
I embrace you like I would embrace the Christian prince, King Henry, if he were here.
I send him the greetings that a girl, a virgin and his servant would send him.
Those words are sweetly said and worthy of your virtue.
But, madam, I must ask you again: No loving keepsake for his majesty?
Yes, my good lord, I send the king my pure and unstained heart, never before touched with love.
And also this.
Oh, if only you were mine!
Bring forward the witch that has been condemned to burn.
Ah, Joan, this kills your father!
I have searched every region hoping to find you and now that I have, I must watch your early, cruel death?
Ah, Joan, my sweet daughter Joan, I'll die with you!
You weak miserable creature!
Lowly inferior villain!
No, no!
How awkward!
Will you deny where you come from?
This demonstrates what kind of life she led wicked and wretched and so her death is a fitting end.
How could you be so stubborn, Joan!
Leave me, peasant!
You have bribed this man to bring my noble birth into question.
It's true that I gave a gold coin to the priest that morning when I married her mother.
Kneel down and take my blessing, my good girl.
Won't you kneel?
Then I curse the moment you were born!
I wish the milk your mother gave you when you sucked her breasts had been rat poison, for your sake!
Or I wish that some hungry wolf had eaten you, while you took care of my lambs in the field.
Do you deny your father, cursed whore?
She deserves to burn, hanging is too kind a punishment!
Take her away, she has already lived too long and filled the world with horrible things.
Yes, yes, take her away to her execution!
Will nothing change your unforgiving hearts?
Then, Joan, reveal your weakness, that legally guarantees my freedom.
Oh heaven forbid!
A holy girl pregnant?
Well, we'll have no bastards here, especially since Charles should be the father to it.
Alencon!
He is a well known schemer !
It dies, even if it had a thousand lives.
He's a married man!
That's unacceptable.
Well, look at this girl!
I think she doesn't know exactly who to accuse because she's slept with so many men.
It's a sign that she has been loose and promiscuous.
And yet she is a pure virgin.
I hope you break into pieces and are burned to ashes, you false and cursed servant of hell!
Lord regent, I welcome your excellence with letters of authority to act from the king.
Is all our labor turned into this?
After so many of our men, so many captains, gentlemen and soldiers have been killed in this battle and sacrificed their bodies for the good of their country, should we settle it all with an unmanly peace?
Haven't we lost most of our towns which our ancestors gained through treason, falsehood and treachery?
Oh, Warwick, Warwick!
With grief, I predict the absolute loss of France.
Lords of England, we heard that it has been agreed that a peaceful treaty will be reached in France, so we have come here in person to find out the conditions of this union.
Winchester, you speak, because the boiling anger began to choke the hollow passage of my poisoned voice, as soon as I saw our deadly enemies.
Must he only be a shadow of himself?
Should he put a crown on his head and yet have no greater authority than any private citizen?
This offer is absurd and makes no sense.
Insulting Charles!
What do you say, Charles?
Are you happy with our terms of agreement?
I am, with the only exception that you will claim no interest in any of our military towns.
Henry wouldn't want it any other way.
Therefore, my lord protector, agree that Margaret may be the royal queen of England.
I might as well agree to praise sin.
Well, is Margaret any more than a poor earl's daughter?
Her father is no better than an earl, although he does have some worthy titles.
But the Earl of Armagnac may do the same because he is close to Charles.
Also, his wealth does promise a generous dower, while Reignier would rather receive than give.
A dowry, my lords!
Don't disgrace your king so much as to think that he should be so hopeless, low, and poor to choose money over perfect love.
Yes, I am afraid it is the first and the last melancholy.
And so Suffolk has won and there he goes, like the young Paris once did to Greece, hoping to find the same outcome in love, but Suffolk will succeed better than the Trojan did.
Stand up, Suffolk.
Long live Queen Margaret, England's happiness!
Thank you, everyone.
My lord protector , if it's all right with you, here are the conditions of the peace negotiation between our king and the French king Charles.
"Firstly, it is agreed between the French king Charles and William de la Pole, Marquess of Suffolk, ambassador for Henry King of England, that the said Henry shall marry the Lady Margaret, daughter of King Reignier of Naples, Sicilia and Jerusalem, and crown her Queen of England before the next thirtieth of May.
Uncle, what are you doing?
Please, uncle of Winchester, keep reading.
"Likewise, it is also agreed between them, that the dukedoms of Anjou and Maine shall be released from English control and given to her father the king, and she will be sent over at the King of England's personal cost, with no dowry .
That's fine with us.
What does this passionate argument mean, nephew?
Why all this elaborate speech?
By Christ's death, who died for us all, these countries were our foothold in Normandy.
But why do you cry, my brave son Warwick?
As for the Duke of Suffolk, who dishonors this brave island, may he be suffocated!
France would have had to tear and rip up my heart before I'd surrender to this union.
It's a real joke I've never heard before, that Suffolk demands large reimbursements for the cost of transporting her here!
She should have stayed in France and starved in France, before
So, there goes our protector in anger.
Why should he rule for the king, then, since the king is already old enough to rule for himself?
Cousin of Somerset, if you support me in this and we all work together with the Duke of Suffolk, we can quickly take Duke Humphrey down from his throne.
We shouldn't wait any longer when the problem is so serious.
Or you or I, Somerset, will be the protector, in spite of Duke Humphrey and the cardinal.
So God help Warwick, since he loves the land and common good of his country!
And York agrees, since he has the biggest reason .
Then let's get started and see to the most important business at hand.
Let's see to the most important business!
Why does my lord droop like an over ripened corn, hanging its head at Ceres ' rich harvest?
Why does the great Duke Humphrey frown as though he were frowning at all his good fortune?
Why are your eyes focused on the dull  colored ground, staring at something that seems to darken your sight?
What do you see there?
King Henry's crown, decorated with all the titles of the world?
If that's so, keep looking and lie face down, until your head wears the same crown.
Put your hand out and reach for that glorious golden crown.
What?
Oh, Nell, sweet Nell, if you love your husband, stop the infection of ambitious thoughts.
And if I ever think to plot against my king and nephew, virtuous Henry, let it be the last time I take a breath in this mortal world!
Last night's troubling dream has made me sad.
What did you dream about?
Tell me and I'll repay it by telling you sweetly about my morning dream.
Oh, please, that was nothing if not evidence that anyone who challenges Gloucester in the slightest will lose his head for trying.
But, but, my lord!
Are you so angry with Eleanor only because she told you about her dream?
No, don't be angry.
My lord protector, your highness would like you to prepare to ride to Saint Alban's , where the king and queen are planning to hunt with hawks.
I'll go.
Come, Nell.
Yes, my good husband.
I have to follow because I can't go in front of you, while Gloucester is of this unambitious and humble mind.
Jesus preserve your royal majesty!
What did you say?
"Majesty?"
I am only a duchess.
But thanks to the help of God and advice from Hume, you'll have a better title.
What are you saying, man?
Have you spoken with Margery Jourdain, the skillful witch, and with Roger Bolingbroke, the magician?
And will they help me out?
Hume must enjoy the duchess' money!
And so he will.
Yes, may the Lord protect him, since he is a good man!
Jesus bless him!
I think he's coming now, with the queen.
I have to be the first to talk to him.
What's this, man?
What do you want from me?
Please, my lord, I am sorry, I thought you were the lord protector.
"To my Lord Protector!  "
Do you have requests to his lordship?
Let me see them.
Your wife as well!
Something is wrong about that, for sure.
What's yours?
What do we have here?
"Against the Duke of Suffolk, for fencing in the communal land of Melford.  "
What's this, you villain!
But, sir, I am only one poor petitioner from our whole town.
This is against my master, Thomas Horner, for saying that the Duke of York was the true heir to the crown.
What did you say?
Did the Duke of York say that he was the true heir to the crown?
That my master was the true heir?
No, my master said that he was and that the king is ruling wrongfully.
Who is there?
And as for you, since you love to be protected under our protector's wings, you can start your requests all over again and ask him.
Get out, you lowly peasants!
Suffolk, send them away.
Come, let's go.
My Lord Suffolk, tell me, is this what happens, is this the custom in the court of England?
Is this the government of the British island, and is this the royalty of Albion 's king?
Should King Henry be a student under the teaching of the grumpy Gloucester?
Am I a queen in title and mode of address, and do I have to obey a duke?
All of these lords don't annoy me half as much as that proud woman, the lord protector's wife.
Madam, I have already laid a trap and placed a group of little birds around her, so that she will fall from her nest to listen to their pretty songs, and never trouble you again.
So, let her go for now and listen to me, madam, because I am bold enough to advise you on this.
Although we don't like the cardinal, we have to join him and his lords, until we have brought Duke Humphrey down.
As for the Duke of York, this allegation about him being the true king we just heard will do him little good.
So, one by one, we'll uproot them all, until at last you alone will rule the happy kingdom.
If York have ill demean'd himself in France, Then let him be denay'd the regentship.
If Somerset be unworthy of the place, Let York be regent; I will yield to him.
Whether your grace be worthy, yea or no, Dispute not that: York is the worthier.
Ambitious Warwick, let thy betters speak.
The cardinal's not my better in the field.
All in this presence are thy betters, Warwick.
Warwick may live to be the best of all.
Because the king, forsooth, will have it so.
If he be old enough, what needs your grace To be protector of his excellence?
Madam, I am protector of the realm; And, at his pleasure, will resign my place.
Thy sumptuous buildings and thy wife's attire Have cost a mass of public treasury.
Thy cruelty in execution Upon offenders, hath exceeded law, And left thee to the mercy of the law.
I cry you mercy, madam; was it you?
Was't I!
Sweet aunt, be quiet; 'twas against her will.
Against her will!
Now, lords, my choler being over blown With walking once about the quadrangle, I come to talk of commonwealth affairs.
Before we make election, give me leave To show some reason, of no little force, That York is most unmeet of any man.
Peace, headstrong Warwick!
Image of pride, why should I hold my peace?
Doth any one accuse York for a traitor?
What mean'st thou, Suffolk; tell me, what are these?
Uncle, what shall we say to this in law?
And I accept the combat willingly.
Alas, my lord, I cannot fight; for God's sake, pity my case.
Sirrah, or you must fight, or else be hang'd.
Come, my masters; the duchess, I tell you, expects performance of your promises.
Ay, what else?
Well said, my masters; and welcome all.
To this gear the sooner the better.
Adsum.
'First of the king: what shall of him become?'
The duke yet lives that Henry shall depose; But him outlive, and die a violent death.
By water shall he die, and take his end.
'What shall befall the Duke of Somerset?'
Descend to darkness and the burning lake!
Lay hands upon these traitors and their trash.
Beldam, I think we watch'd you at an inch.
What, madam, are you there?
We'll see your trinkets here all forthcoming.
All, away!
Lord Buckingham, methinks, you watch'd her well: A pretty plot, well chosen to build upon!
Now, pray, my lord, let's see the devil's writ.
Your grace shall give me leave, my Lord of York, To be the post, in hope of his reward.
At your pleasure, my good lord.
Who's within there, ho!
But what a point, my lord, your falcon made, And what a pitch she flew above the rest!
My lord, 'tis but a base ignoble mind That mounts no higher than a bird can soar.
I thought as much; he would be above the clouds.
Ay, my lord cardinal?
How think you by that?
The treasury of everlasting joy.
As who, my lord?
Why, as you, my lord, An't like your lordly lord protectorship.
Why, Suffolk, England knows thine insolence.
And thy ambition, Gloucester.
Let me be blessed for the peace I make, Against this proud protector, with my sword!
Marry, when thou darest.
How now, my lords!
I am with you.
Why, how now, uncle Gloucester!
Talking of hawking; nothing else, my lord.
Protector, you do the same and protect yourself.
The winds blow high and so do your tempers, lords.
This music sounds out of tune in my heart!
When such strings sound discordant, is there any hope they'll ever be harmonious?
Please, my lords, let me settle this fight.
What is this noise?
What miracle do you mean, man?
A miracle, a miracle!
Come to the king and tell him what this miracle is.
I speak the truth when I say that a blind man at Saint Alban 's holy place, has gotten his sight back in this last half an hour.
Now we give thanks to God, he who gives light in darkness and comfort in despair to those that believe!
The men of the town have marched here to show you this man, your highness.
His comfort is great in this mortal world, although by gaining his sight, he will be subject to more temptations.
Good man, tell us the details of this so that we may celebrate the Lord in your name.
Have you always been blind, has your sight now been restored?
I was born blind, as it pleases your grace.
Yes, he was, indeed.
Who's this woman?
I'm his wife, your worship.
Where were you born?
At Berwick in the north, if your grace pleases.
Tell me, good man, did you come here by accident or because of your devotion to this holy place?
Are you crippled?
Yes, God Almighty help me!
How did it happen?
I fell off a tree.
A plum tree, master.
How long have you been blind?
I was born that way, master.
Then how could you have climbed a tree?
I've only done it that once time, when I was young.
That's true!
God, you must really love plums, in order to do that.
Ah, good master, my wife wanted some of them and she made me climb, even though it was dangerous for me.
You are a crafty villain!
But it won't do.
Do you say that to me?
What color is this cloak?
Red, master.
Well, that's correct.
What color is my robe?
It's black.
Well, how do you know what color jet is, then?
I don't think he's ever seen jet.
But he has seen many cloaks and robes before today.
Never before today, in all his life!
Tell me sir, what's my name?
Ah, master, I don't know.
What's his name?
I don't know.
Or his?
No, indeed, master.
What's your own name?
Saunder Simpox, if it pleases you, master.
Oh, master, if only you could!
My masters of Saint Alban's, don't you have constables in your town and things called whips?
Yes, my lord, if it pleases your grace.
Then send for one immediately.
Sir, go get the constable straight away.
Now get me a stool immediately.
Now, sir, if you want to save yourself from whipping, jump across this stool and run away.
Well, sir, we must make you find your legs.
Sir constable, whip him until he jumps over that stool there.
I will, my lord.
Come on, sir, take off your jacket!
Ah, master, what shall I do?
I am not able to stand.
Oh, God, can you see this and can you endure it for so long?
It made me laugh to see the villain run.
Follow the villain and take this whore away.
Ah, sir, we did it because we really needed the money.
Let them be whipped through every market town, until they come back to Berwick, from where they came.
Duke Humphrey has done a miracle today.
True, he made the crippled jump and run away.
What's the news, cousin Buckingham?
My heart trembles to reveal it.
And so, my lord protector, your lady is awaiting a trial in London.
Oh God, what mischief do the wicked ones do, so that they pile up destruction on their heads by doing so!
Gloucester, this corruption in your own family.
Make sure that you aren't guilty too.
Now that our simple dinner is over and we're alone in this garden together, my good Lords of Salisbury and Warwick, I'd like to know your opinion of my certain title to England's crown.
My lord, I long to hear more about your claim.
But William of Hatfield died without an heir.
This Edmund made his case for the crown during the reign of Bolingbroke, as I have read, and if it weren't for Owen Glendower , he would have been king.
Glendower kept him in captivity until he died.
His oldest sister, Anne  my mother  is an heir to the crown and she married Richard Earl of Cambridge, who was son to Edmund Langley, Edward the Third's fifth son.
What plain line of descent is simpler than this?
Long live our ruler, Richard, England's king!
We thank you, lords.
My lord, let's end this talk.
My heart tells me that the Earl of Warwick will one day make the Duke of York a king.
And, I assure myself of this, Warwick: that Richard will live to make the Earl of Warwick the greatest man in England apart from the king.
My banishment is welcome; I wish I were dead.
Eleanor, you see that it was the law that has judged you.
My eyes are full of tears, my heart full of grief.
I don't see why an adult king should be protected like a child.
God and King Henry rule England's kingdom.
Give up your staff, sir and give up the kingdom to the king.
My staff?
Lords, forget him.
My lords, I've never seen a man worse prepared or more afraid to fight than this challenger, the servant of the armorer.
And here, neighbor, here's a cup of a port wine.
And here's a pot of good very strong beer, neighbor.
Be happy, Peter and do not be afraid of your master.
Come, stop your drinking and start fighting.
Sir, what's your name?
Peter, please.
Peter, and what else!
?
Thump.
Thump!
Then hopefully you hit your master well.
Get on with it.
This villain's tongue is starting to annoy us.
Stop, Peter, stop!
I confess, I confess treason.
Take away his weapon.
You, thank God and the good wine that prevented your master from fighting well.
Oh God, have I defeated my enemy in the presence of the king?
Oh, Peter, you have won rightfully!
And so just like a cloud appears even on the brightest day, and bleak winter always follows after summer with its angry biting coldness, so problems and joys come and go like the seasons.
Sir, what's the time?
It's ten o'clock, my lord.
If your grace wants us to, we'll take her from the sheriff.
Are you here to see my public shame, my husband?
You're also punishing yourself.
Look at how they're staring!
See how the excited crowd point and nod their heads and look at you!
Be patient, gentle Nell and forget about this sorrow.
Ah, Gloucester, teach me how to forget myself!
I think that because I am your wife and you are a nobleman, protector of this land, I shouldn't be handled like this, wrapped up in shame, with papers on my back, and followed by a crowd that is happy to see my tears and hear my sad groans.
The merciless stone cuts my delicate feet and when I flinch in pain, the jealous peasants laugh and tell me to be careful how I walk.
Ah, Humphrey, can I bear this shameful burden?
Do you think that I'll ever look on the world again, or say that those who enjoy the sun are the happy ones?
Ah, Nell, let it go!
And I wasn't asked to give my agreement!
This is some secretive business.
Well, I will be there.
Do you have to take custody of my lady here, Sir John?
Yes, I was given that order, if it pleases your grace.
My husband is leaving without saying goodbye?
Look at my tears.
Are you gone as well?
All comfort goes away with you!
Like a duchess, and Duke Humphrey's wife  you will be treated according to that rank.
It is my job, madam, and I am sorry.
Yes, yes, goodbye!
Your job has been carried out.
Can't you see?
Or will you not see how strangely he's behaving?
How he walks like a king, how arrogant he's become lately, how proud, how bossy he is now  unlike he how he was before?
Didn't he condemn some people to death for petty crimes, going outside the law?
And didn't he, during his protectorship, raise taxes throughout the country to pay our soldiers in France, but never sent it there?
And the towns rose up in rebellion as a result.
Ah, what's more dangerous than this misguided trust?
Does he seem like a dove?
His feathers are only borrowed, then, because he's a hateful raven .
I wish all health to my gracious king!
Welcome, Lord Somerset.
What's the news from France?
That you have lost all your legal claim in those territories.
Sad news, Lord Somerset.
This news isn't good for me either, since I had hoped to rule France as I hope to rule England.
Happiness to my lord the king!
I am sorry, my lord, that I have been absent for so long.
Well, Suffolk, you won't see me blush nor change my expression in response to this arrest.
It's thought, my lord, that you took bribes from France, and as protector withheld the soldiers' pay, and due to that his highness has lost France.
Is it only thought that I did this?
Who thinks it then?
I never robbed the soldiers of their pay, nor have I ever taken one penny in bribes from France.
It serves you well, my lord, to say as much.
I say no more than truth, so God help me!
You came up with illegal tortures that were never heard of before for criminals during your protectorship, so that England became infamous for tyranny.
It's well known that while I was protector, my only fault was pity and that I would be weakened by a criminal's tears, thinking that humble words of penance were payment enough for their crime.
Hasn't he insulted our queen with humiliating words   , as if she had bribed some of us to falsely accuse him in order to bring him down?
But I can let the loser insult me all he likes.
He'll twist the meaning and keep us here all day.
Sirs, take away the duke and make sure he's guarded well.
Ah!
And so King Henry throws away his crutch before his legs are strong enough to hold his body up.
So the shepherd is beaten from your side, and wolves are growling over who will eat you first.
Ah, I wish that my fear was wrong!
Ah, if only it were!
I am afraid, good King Henry, that your downfall will come soon!
My lords, do or undo whatever you think best, as if I were here.
What?
Noble lords, cold snow melts with the sun's hot rays.
So based on what you just said, you'd rather not have him die.
Ah, York, there is no man alive so eager to see him dead!
It's York who has more reasons to want him dead.
That poor chicken would be sure to die.
Three times noble Suffolk, you speak decisively.
Here's my hand.
I agree.
And now that the three of us agree, it doesn't matter who questions our judgement.
A rebellion that needs to be stopped quickly!
What advice do you give in this pressing matter?
If York, with all his incompetent policies, had been the regent there instead of me, he would have never stayed in France so long.
What do you mean?
Worse than nothing?
And you with them all, since you brought shame on yourself!
My lord of York, put your luck to the test.
I will, my lord, if his majesty gives permission.
That's a task that I will take care of, Lord York.
But now let's come back to the false Duke Humphrey.
I'll see that it's all arranged, my Lord of York.
Run to my Lord of Suffolk and let him know that we have killed the duke like he ordered us to.
Oh, what a thing it was for us to do!
What have we done?
Have you ever heard of a man so religious as the duke?
Here comes my lord.
Have you done the thing, sirs?
Yes, my good lord.
That's good.
Now go to my house and I will reward you for this risky task.
The king and all his people are here near him.
Have you tidied up the bed?
Was everything done according to my instructions?
It was, my good lord.
Go then!
Exeunt Murderers Murderers exit.
I'll call him at once, my noble lord.
God forbid that such a bad thing should happen  that a guiltless nobleman would be condemned!
Pray God that he may pronounce him not guilty!
Thank you, Meg.
What's this?
Why do you look pale?
Why are you shaking?
Where is our uncle?
What's the matter, Suffolk?
He is dead in his bed, my lord.
Oh, no, God forbid it!
How is my lord?
Help, lords!
The king is dead.
Support his body, squeeze his nose .
Run, go and get help!
Oh, Henry, open your eyes!
He is waking up.
Oh, heavenly God!
How is my gracious lord?
Be calm, my king!
Gracious Henry, be calm!
Why is Lord Suffolk comforting me?
Why do you treat my Lord Suffolk like this?
Ah, I am so sorry for Gloucester, the wretched man!
But I am sorry for myself, because I am more wretched than he is.
It is rumored that good Duke Humphrey was traitorously murdered by Suffolk and the Cardinal Beaufort, my king.
The commoners went wild and didn't care who they hurt in their revenge, like an angry crowd of bees without their leader.
I have convinced them to stop their enraged rebellion until they find out who was responsible for his death.
I'll do this, my king.
Salisbury, stay here with the ignorant crowd until I come back.
Oh, God, that judges everything, stop my thoughts  my thoughts that try to convince my soul that some violent hands were laid on Humphrey's life!
If my suspicion is wrong, God forgive me; my judgement belongs only to you.
Come closer, gracious king and look at his body.
I believe that this famous duke was violently murdered, as surely as my soul plans to carry on living with that awe  inspiring King who took our sin on himself to free us from his father's angry curse.
That was a dreadful oath sworn in a serious tone.
What evidence does Lord Warwick give for his vow?
See how the blood is not flowing in his face?
Warwick, who would have killed the duke?
Beauford and I were responsible for his protection, and I hope that we, sir, are not the murderers.
Then you perhaps suspect these noblemen are guilty of Duke Humphrey's untimely death.
Who can find a dead cow freshly bleeding, and see the butcher standing nearby with an ax, and not suspect it was him that killed the cow?
Who can find a partridge in the kite 's nest, and not assume that was how the bird died, even if the kite flew away with an clean beak?
This tragedy is as suspicious as those.
Are you the killer, Suffolk?
Where is your knife?
Is Beaufort the kite, then?
Where are his claws?
What doesn't Warwick dare to do, if false Suffolk dares him?
He doesn't dare to calm his anger, nor stop being an arrogant busybody, although Suffolk dared him twenty thousand times.
You are a stupid man and lack manners!
If ever a lady did such a thing to her husband, your mother took some coarse ignorant person into her bed.
You'll know you're awake when I shed your blood, if you won't go with me from this royal presence.
An innocent heart is the strongest breastplate!
What's this noise?
What's this, lords?
You draw your weapons out angrily here in our presence?
Do you dare to be so bold?
What riotous noise did we hear?
The traitorous Warwick attached me with the men of Bury , my king.
Sirs, stand aside, the king will hear you out.
Respected lord, the commoners send you a message from me: unless Lord Suffolk is killed straight away or banished from England, they will tear him from your palace by violence and torture him with a slow brutal death.
We want an answer from the king, my Lord of Salisbury!
We want an answer from the king, or we'll break in!
Go, Salisbury, and tell them everything from me.
Oh Henry, let me speak on kind Suffolk's behalf.
You are an unkind queen to call him kind Suffolk!
Let bad luck and sorrow go away with you!
Heart's discontent and sour suffering can keep you company!
There's two of you, then, and the devil will make a third one!
And vengeance three times over will follow you!
Stop these curses, kind queen, and let your Suffolk leave sadly.
A plague on them!
Why should I curse them?
You told me to curse and now you tell me to stop?
Oh, let me beg you to stop this.
So poor Suffolk is banished ten times  once by the king, and nine times by you.
Why are you in a rush, Vaux?
What news do you bring?
Go and give that sad message to the king.
Poor me!
What is this world?
What sort of news is this?
Go away!
Although saying goodbye to you is like putting an aggravating corrosive to a deadly wound.
I am going.
And take my heart with you.
It's like a jewel, locked in the saddest casket that never contained such a worthy thing.
We are split in two like a ship that's broken in half.
And this way for me.
How is my lord?
Speak to your king, Beaufort.
If you were death, I'd give you England's treasure   , just so you will let me live without any pain.
Ah, what does this say about your evil life, that death appears so terribly to you!
Beaufort, it is your king who is speaking to you.
Bring me to your trial when you want.
Didn't Gloucester die in his bed?
Where else should he die?
Can I make men live, whether they want or not?
Oh, don't torture me!
I will confess.
Is he alive again?
Oh, you eternal God of heavens!
Look gently on this poor man!
Oh, beat back the interfering devil that attacks this man's soul!
And wash away this black despair from his heart!
See how the pain of death makes him grimace!
Don't disturb him; let him die peacefully.
Peace to his soul, if God wants him to have peace!
Lord cardinal, if you think of heaven's bliss, hold up your hand and give a signal that you hope to be saved.
He died without giving a sign.
Oh, God, forgive him!
Such a bad death suggests he has lead a monstrous life.
Don't judge him.
What is the ransom, master?
Tell me.
A thousand crowns, or else you'll lose your head.
And so much you will give us, or else we'll cut off your head.
Do you think it's too much to pay two thousand crowns, since you bear the name and wear the clothes of gentlemen?
I'll give it to you, sir; so spare my life!
And so will I; I'll write home for the money straight away.
Don't be so harsh.
I will do just that.
My name is Walter Whitmore!
Oh?
Why are you surprised?
Your name frightens me.
The Duke of Suffolk dressed in rags!
But Jove was never killed and you will be.
Insignificant and lowly peasant, King Henry's blood  the honorable blood of Lancaster  won't be spilled by such a contemptible servant .
Have you not kissed your hand and held my stirrup?
You walked bare headed by my mule and considered yourself happy when I acknowledged you even slightly.
How often have you served me drinks, acted as my taster, and bowed at my table when I was having dinner with Queen Margaret?
Speak, captain.
First, let my words stab him, as he has just done with his.
Lowly slave, your words are as useless as you are.
Take him away and cut off his head on the side of our largest boat.
You wouldn't dare, for fear of losing your own head.
Yes I would, Pole.
Pole?
Pool!
Sir Pool!
Lord!
Yes, gutter, puddle, sewer, whose filth and dirt muddies the silver spring where England drinks.
Oh, if only I were a god and I could shoot thunder on these worthless, slavish, cowardly base peasants!
Walter
Come, Suffolk, I must carry you to your death.
"Cold fear almost entirely seizes my limbs.  "
You'll have a reason to be afraid before I'm done with you.
Are you scared now?
Will you bow now?
My gracious lord, beg him.
Suffolk's commanding tongue is strict and rough; it is used to giving commands and not used to asking for a favor.
Drag him away and don't let him talk any more.
Come, soldiers and show all the cruelty you can, so that my death may never be forgotten!
We'll let his head and lifeless body lie there, until his lover the queen can bury it.
Oh, barbaric and bloody spectacle!
Come and get yourself a sword, even though it's made of wood.
They have more reason to sleep now, then.
I am telling you, Jack Cade the cloth worker means to clothe and reform the commonwealth, turn it upside down, and give it a smooth finish.
He really needs to, since it's worn out.
Oh, it's a miserable time!
Virtue is not valued in handicraft workers.
The nobility consider it lowly to wear leather aprons like working men.
No, it's even worse.
I see them, I see them!
There's Best's son, the craftsman of Wingham
He'll make gloves out of the skin of our enemies!
And Dick the Butcher
He'll shoot down sin like an ox, and cut the throat of injustice like a calf.
And Smith, the weaver
So, their fate is determined.
Come, come, let's join them!
We John Cade, named after our supposed father
Or rather, because he stole a barrel of herrings.
Our enemies will fall before us, since we're inspired to put down kings and noblemen  tell everyone to be quiet.
Be quiet!
My father was a Mortimer
He was an honest man, and a good bricklayer .
My mother a Plantagenet
I knew her well, she was a midwife.
My wife descended from the Lacys
Indeed, she was a pedlar 's daughter and sold many laces .
But recently, she is not able to travel with her pedlar's pack , so she washes her laundry here at home.
So I come from an honorable house.
I am brave.
Yes, he must be.
I am able to endure much.
There is no question of that, because I have seen him whipped at the market three days in a row.
I am not afraid of sword or fire.
But I think that he should be afraid of fire, since he was branded on the hand for stealing sheep.
Be brave, then, because your captain is brave and he promises you major changes.
God save your majesty!
The first thing we'll do is kill all the lawyers.
No, that's my plan.
Isn't it a miserable thing, that the skin of an innocent lamb is made into parchment?
And that parchment is written on and then condemns a man?
Some say that the bee stings, but I say it's the bee's sealing wax, because I put my name on a document once and I haven't been my own person ever since.
What's this?
Who's there?
Oh, how unnatural!
We found him preparing written exercises for schoolboys.
Here's a villain!
He has a book in his pocket with the saints' days printed in red.
Ah, well, then he is a magician.
No, he can draw up legal bonds and write legal documents.
Emmanuel .
They used to write it on the top of letters.
Leave me alone.
Do you usually write your name?
Or do you sign your name with a mark , like an honest simple man?
Sir, I thank God, I have been so well brought up that I can write my name.
He has confessed it!
Take him away!
Take him away, I say!
Hang him with his pen and inkwell around his neck.
Where is our general?
Here I am, man.
Run, run run!
Sir Humphrey Stafford and his brother are close with the king's armies.
Wait, villain, wait!
No, nothing but a knight.
To match him, I'll make myself into a knight right now.
Stand up, Sir John Mortimer.
Now, let's have him!
But if you are angry, mad, and bloodthirsty, and if you go ahead, you'll either surrender or you'll die.
And Adam was a gardener.
So what?
Yes, sir.
He had twins with her.
That's not true.
No, it's too true!
Sir, he built a chimney in my father's house and the bricks are still there today to testify it.
And will you believe the words of this lowly slave that doesn't know what he is talking about?
Yes, we will.
Jack Cade, the Duke of York has told you to do this.
He's wrong, since I made it up myself.
And moreover, we'll have the Lord Say's head for selling the dukedom of Maine.
Oh, utter and pitiable ignorance!
No, no; and so we'll have his head!
Well, since peaceable words won't work, attack them with the king's army.
And you that love the common people, follow me!
Now show yourselves, men; this fight is for freedom.
They are all in order for battle and are marching towards us!
But we are most ordered when we are out of order and rebellious.
Come, let's march forward!
Where's Dick, the butcher of Ashford?
Here, sir.
I want nothing more.
And to tell you the truth, you deserve nothing less.
and the bodies will be dragged behind my horse until I come to London, where we will have the mayor's sword carried before us.
If we mean to be successful and do something good, break into the prisons and release the prisoners.
Don't worry, I assure you I will.
Come on, let's march towards London.
What do you say to the rebels' petition, your grace?
Oh, barbaric villains!
How did this lovely face rule over me like a moving planet, but wasn't able to force them to have mercy, since they were unworthy to look at him?
Lord Say, Jack Cade swore that he will have your head.
Yes, but I hope that your highness shall have his.
How are you, madam?
Are you still sad and grieving Suffolk's death?
I am afraid that if I had been dead, love, you wouldn't have grieved so much for me.
What's the news?
Why are you in such a hurry?
The rebels are in Southwark .
Oh, ignorant men!
They don't know what they're doing.
My gracious lord, return to Killingworth, until an army is put together to stop them.
Ah, if the Duke of Suffolk were alive now, these Kentish rebels would be defeated very soon!
Lord Say, the traitors hate you.
Then your grace might be in danger.
Then let's not stay here any longer.
Come, Margaret.
My hope is gone now that Suffolk is dead.
Goodbye, my lord.
Don't trust anyone or you may be betrayed.
I only trust my own innocence, and that's why I am brave and determined.
What's this?
Is Jack Cade dead?
Now Mortimer is the lord of this city.
And here, sitting on the London stone, I command that, at the city's cost, the water fountain will run nothing but red wine for the whole first year of our rule.
And from now on, it will be treason for anyone to call me anything else but Lord Mortimer.
Jack Cade!
Jack Cade!
Knock him down!
My lord, there is an army gathered in Smithfield.
I have a request for your lordship .
If it is a lordship, your request will be granted for using that word.
I request that all the laws of England come from your mouth.
It will be a painful law, then, because he was stabbed in the mouth with a spear and it's not healed yet.
No, John, it will be a stinking law because his breath stinks from eating toasted cheese.
I have thought about it; it shall be so.
Then we will have severe statutes, unless his teeth are pulled out.
And from now on all things will be shared.
My lord, I have a prize for you!
Well, he'll be beheaded for it ten times over.
Ah, you silk fabric, you woollen fabric  no, you coarse linen!
Now you are within the direct range of our legal power.
How can you defend yourself to my majesty for giving up Normandy to Monsieur Basimecu , the dauphin of France?
Let it be known to you all in the presence of Lord Mortimer, that I am the broom that must sweep the court clean of dirt like you.
And why does that matter?
You shouldn't let your horse wear a cloak, when men more honest than you only wear breeches and jacket with no other garment.
And they work in their shirt too  like myself, for example, a butcher.
You men of Kent
What are you saying about Kent?
Just this: "a poor land, bad people.  "
Take him away, take him away!
He speaks Latin.
Hear me speak a little and then take me wherever you like.
Please, tell me, when did you fight in the field?
Oh, you monstrous coward!
Did you attack from behind?
These cheeks are pale because I remained awake for your own good.
Slap him; that will bring color to his cheeks.
I've spent a long time sitting as a judge to settle poor men's cases, and it's made me sick and diseased.
You will have a hangman's rope, then, and the help of the executioner's axe.
Why do you shake, man?
It is palsy and not fear that makes me shake.
Tell me, what have I done to offend you?
Have I taken your wealth or honor?
Tell me.
Are my chests filled with stolen money?
Do my clothes look luxurious?
Whom have I hurt, that you want me dead?
These hands are guiltless of shedding innocent blood.
This heart is guiltless of having bad, deceitful feelings.
It shall be done.
Oh, my countrymen!
If God was as merciless as you when we pray to him, what would happen to your souls?
So stop and spare my life.
Take him away!
And do as I ordered you.
My lord, when will we go to Cheapside and spear decapitated heads on our weapons?
Soon.
Oh, that's marvelous!
But isn't this even better?
Let them kiss each other because they loved each other well when they were alive.
Now break them apart again, lest they talk about giving up some more towns in France.
Let's go up Fish Street!
Down Saint Magnus' Corner!
Kill and knock everything down!
Throw them into the Thames!
What's that noise?
Does anyone dare to sound a retreat or ask for negotiation, when I commanded them to fight?
What do you say, countrymen?
Will you stop and surrender to the mercy that is offered to you, or let a rebel lead you to your deaths?
Whoever loves the king and will accept his pardon, throw your cap in the air and say "God save his majesty!
"Whoever hates him and doesn't honor his father, Henry the Fifth  who made all of France shake  shake your weapon in defiance and pass us by.
God save the king!
God save the king!
Are Buckingham and Clifford so bold?
And you, lowly peasants, do you believe him?
Will you be hanged with your pardons around your necks?
Has my sword broke through London gates so you should leave me at the White Hart in Southwark?
We'll follow Cade, we'll follow Cade!
To Clifford!
To Clifford!
We'll follow the king and Clifford.
Was there ever a feather blown back and forth as lightly as this crowd?
The name of Henry the Fifth moves them and makes them abandon me.
I can see them putting their heads together to capture me.
Make way for me, my sword, since I'm not staying here.
In spite of the devils and hell, I'll cut my way through the middle of the crowd.
Has he run away?
Was there ever a king that enjoyed this earthly throne and was more miserable than me?
As soon as I crept out of my cradle, nine months old, I was made a king.
No commoner wants to be a king as much as I want to be a commoner.
We wish health and good news to your majesty!
Is the traitor Cade captured, Buckingham?
Or has he retreated to gather his strength?
Then, heaven, open your everlasting gates to receive my vows of thanks and praise!
God save the king!
God save the king!
And here is my kingship  it is afflicted between Cade and York.
I will, my lord, and don't doubt that I shall negotiate so that everything will turn out well for you.
To hell with ambition!
To hell with me, who has a sword but will starve anyway!
Who would live stressed in the court when you could enjoy such quiet walks like these?
This small inheritance that my father left me makes me happy and it is worth a whole monarchy.
Here is the owner of the garden who has come to catch me for trespassing, for entering his land without permission.
Defy you!
Yes, by the best blood that was ever shed, I defy you!
No, as long as England stands, it won't be said that Alexander Iden, a gentleman of Kent, accepted such an unequal challenge from a poor hungry man.
By my bravery, you are the most accomplished fighter that I have ever heard of!
Sword, if you fail me and don't cut this heavily built clown into strips of beef before you sleep in your sheath, I pray God on my knees that you may be melted down and turned into nails for boots.
Oh, I'm murdered!
Did I just kill the unnatural traitor Cade?
Goodbye, Iden, and be proud of your victory.
Heaven will judge how you've wronged me.
Who do we have here?
Does Buckingham come to disturb me?
I am sure that the king has sent him.
York, I welcome you, if you mean well.
Humphrey of Buckingham, I accept your welcome.
Are you a messenger, or do you come on your own initiative?
I am a messenger sent from Henry, our respected king, to find out why you've raised an army during peace time, and why you  since you're a subject just like me  should do so without the king's permission and against your promise to be loyal to him.
Tell me, on your honor: is he a prisoner?
On my honor, he is a prisoner.
Then, Buckingham, I will send away my army.
Buckingham, does York not intend harm us, since you come together arm in arm?
York has come to your highness with submission and humility.
Then why did you bring this army with you?
To take the traitor Somerset from here and fight that monstrous rebel Cade, who I have heard is now defeated.
The head of Cade!
Great God, how just you are!
I was, if it please your majesty.
What's your name and what is your rank?
If my king is happy with it, it wouldn't be out of place to make him a knight for this good service.
Iden, kneel down.
Stand up a knight.
We give you a thousand crowns as a reward and desire that you will attend on us from now on.
He shall not hide his head even if there were thousand Yorks here, but he will bravely stand and confront him face to face.
What's this?
Is Somerset free?
Then, York will release the thoughts he has kept for so long and let his tongue speak what his heart feels.
Shall I endure to look at Somerset?
You are a false king!
Why have you deceived me, knowing with what difficulty can I tolerate deception?
Did I call you king?
Oh, monstrous traitor!
I arrest you, York, of capital treason against the king and the crown.
Do you want me to kneel!  ?
First, let me ask these attendants, if they can permit me to bow to any man.
Sir, call my sons to come in and bail me out.
I know that before they will let me go to custody, they will bring out their swords to free me.
Call Clifford!
Tell him to come quickly to say whether the bastard boys of York shall be the assurance for their traitor father.
Oh, bloodthirsty Neapolitan , outcast of Naples, England's bloody punishment!
See where they come!
And here comes Clifford to stop them from bailing you out.
I wish health and happiness to my lord the king!
Thank you, Clifford!
Yes, Cliffors, a mad and ambitious mood makes him oppose himself against his king.
He is a traitor, take him to the Tower and chop off his rebellious head.
Won't you speak for me, sons?
We will, noble father.
And if words won't be, then our weapons will.
Ah, what a group of traitors do we have here!
Are these your bears?
We'll fight your bears until we kill them.
And we'll put the bear baiter in their chains, if you dare to bring them to the bear pit.
No, we'll make you hot from fighting very soon.
Be careful, unless you burn yourselves with that heat.
Why don't you kneel in front of me, Warwick?
Old Salisbury, shame to your silver hair, you mad corrupter of your brain  sick son!
Will you play a hooligan on your death bed and look for sorrow with your glasses?
Oh, where is faith?
Oh, where is loyalty?
My lord, I have considered the title of this renowned duke myself, and in my conscience I consider him the rightful heir to the English throne.
Haven't you sworn your loyalty to me?
I have.
Can you disregard it and swear against heaven?
A cunning traitor doesn't need false logic.
Call Buckingham, and tell him to arm for battle.
I will give you the first, if my dreams come true.
It would be better if you went back to bed and dreamed again, to keep yourself safe from the storm of the battlefield.
Now, by my father's badge, old Nevil's crest  the roaring bear chained to the rough staff  I'll wear my helmet on my horse, like a cedar shows itself on a mountain top and keeps its leaves though any storm, just to frighten you with the view.
And I'll tear your bear from your helmet, and tread it under your feet with contempt, despite the bear keeper that protects the bear.
Oh, please!
That's shameful!
Don't speak, because you'll have dinner with Jesus Christ tonight.
Foul criminal, that's more than you can say for yourself.
If I won't have dinner in heaven, I'll surely have dinner in hell!
How is it going, my noble lord?
Are they all fighting?
The time has come for one or both of us now.
Then I hope you fight nobly, York.
What do you see in me, York?
Why did you stop?
I would admire your bravery, if you weren't my worst enemy.
Your cunning should be worthy of respect and praise, except you use your cleverness for treasonous ends.
Well, I hope my cunning helps me against your sword, since I use it for justice and what's right.
I bet my body and soul on the outcome of this fight!
A bad bet!
Prepare yourself now!
The end crowns the works.
And so war has given you peace, because now you're still.
Peace be with his soul, heaven, if that's your will!
Shame and confusion!
Oh, I hope the horrible world ends, and the preordained flames of the judgement day unite earth and heaven together!
We must get away, my lord!
Oh, you are slow; let's go!
Can we run faster than the heavens?
Good Margaret, wait.
What are you made of?
After them?
No, before them if we can!
I wonder how the king escaped us.
And, brother, here is the Earl of Wiltshire's blood.
And you speak for me and tell them what I did.
Out of all my sons, Richard deserves the most.
But, are you dead, my Lord of Somerset?
I hope all the descendants of John of Gaunt meet the same fate!
And I hope to deal similarly with King Henry's head.
And so do I.   Victorious Prince of York, I swear by heaven that my eyes shall never close until I see you seated in that throne, which has been stolen by the house of Lancaster.
Help me, then, my good Warwick, and I will, since we have already broken in by force.
We'll all help you out.
And when the king comes, don't be violent towards him, unless he tries to push you out by force.
Let's stay inside this house, armed as we are now.
Neither the king, nor he who loves him the most, the proudest one that supports his House of Lancaster, will dare to move, if Warwick threatens to swoop down on them.
I'll establish Plantagenet as king try to unseat him if you dare.
If I am not avenged, heavens take revenge on me!
In hope of that revenge, I'll wear armor instead of black mourning clothes.
What?
Be patient, gentle Earl of Westmoreland.
You have spoken well, cousin.
Ah, don't you know that the citizens of London like them and that they have a group of soldiers at their command?
But when the duke is killed, they'll run away quickly.
No, I am yours.
For shame, come down!
It was my inheritance and so is my right to the throne .
Your father was a traitor to the crown.
Exeter, you are a traitor to the crown because you follow Henry who usurped the throne.
Whom should we follow but his rightful king?
That's true, Clifford.
So I should stand here while you sit on my throne?
That must be and shall be what happens.
Be Duke of Lancaster and let him be king.
And Warwick will disagree with it.
You are forgetting that we're the ones who chased you from the battlefield and killed your fathers, and marched through the city to the palace gates with military flags.
Plantagenet, by the time I've through with you, your sons here, your kinsmen, and your friends, I'll have killed more men than there were drops of blood in my father's veins.
Poor Clifford!
How I mock his meaningless threats!
Do you want me to explain my claim to the throne?
If not, our swords will make a case for it in the battlefield.
What title do you have, you traitor to the crown?
Don't talk about France since you have lost all of it.
You are old enough now, and I think you're losing even now.
Father, tear the crown off the usurper's head.
Sweet father, do it.
Good brother, since you love and honor fighting, let's fight it out and not stand arguing here over details.
Let the drums and trumpets sound, and the king will run away.
Sons, calm down!
You calm down!
And let King Henry speak.
Do you think that I will leave my kingly throne, where my grandfather and my father sat?
Prove it, Henry, and you'll be king.
Henry the Fourth got the crown by conquering.
He won it in a rebellion against his king.
I don't know what to say now.
My claim to the throne is indeed weak.
And then what?
Henry rose up against Richard, although Richard was his king, and forced him to give up his crown.
Suppose, my lords, that Richard gave it up voluntarily.
Are you against us, Duke of Exeter?
York has the better claim to the throne, and so forgive me.
Why do you whisper, my lords, and not answer?
My conscience tells me he is the lawful king.
Everyone will rebel against me and turn to him.
Plantagenet, although you claim that it's your right to be king, don't think that Henry will removed so easily.
He shall be removed in spite of everything.
Oh, Clifford!
Henry of Lancaster, give up your crown.
What are you muttering about, or what are you conspiring, lords?
You do a great wrong to your son, the prince!
But it's good for England and the king himself!
Unworthy, fearful and despairing Henry!
How you have hurt both yourself and us!
I can't stay to hear the terms of agreement.
Neither can I.
Come, friend, and let us tell the queen these news.
I hope you'll be fall prey to the House of York and die in chains for this unmanly decision!
I hope you'll be killed in a terrible war or else live in peace but abandoned and despised!
Look this way, Henry, and don't pay attention to them.
They are looking for revenge so they won't give up.
Ah, Exeter!
Why do you sigh, my lord?
Not for myself, Lord Warwick, but for my son.
I will gladly take this oath and keep it.
Long live King Henry!
Embrace him, Plantagenet.
And long live you and these eager sons of yours!
Now York and Lancaster have made peace.
Cursed be he who tries to make them enemies!
Goodbye, my gracious lord.
And I'll stay in London with my soldiers.
And I'll go to Norfolk with my followers.
And I'll go to the sea where I came from.
And I'll go to the court with my grief and sorrow.
Here comes the queen and her looks give away her anger.
Exeter, so will I.
No, don't go away from me.
Be patient, gentle queen, and I will stay.
Who can be patient in such extreme situations?
Ah, you wretched man!
I wish I had died a virgin and never had seen you or given birth to your son, now that you've proven to be such an unloving father.
Has he deserved to lose his inheritance like this?
Forced you!
Are you a king who will be forced?
I am ashamed to hear you speak.
Ah, fearful rascal!
Stay, gentle Margaret, and hear me speak.
You have spoken too much already.
Gentle son Edward, will you stay with me?
Yes, to be murdered by his enemies.
When I return victorious from the battlefield, I'll come see you.
Come, son, let's go.
Poor queen!
It's love for me and her son that has made her express this great rage!
And I, I hope, that I can make peace between them all.
Brother, let me do this, even though I'm the youngest.
No, I am a better public speaker than you.
But I have strong and compelling reasons to be the one.
What's going on, my sons and brother?
Are you fighting?
What is your argument about?
What started it?
It's not an argument.
What about?
About something that concerns your grace and us the English crown, father, which is yours.
Mine, boy?
Not until King Henry is dead.
Your right to the throne doesn't depend on his life or death.
I took an oath that he could reign peacefully.
No, God forbid that your grace should break an oath.
I would be breaking one, if I started an open war to claim the throne.
I'll prove otherwise, if you'll hear what I have to say.
You can't, son.
Richard, that's enough!
Wait!
What's the news?
Yes, I'll guard it with my sword!
She won't need to.
What, with five thousand men?
Yes, with five hundred if we need to, father!
Five men for every twenty!
Although the odds are great, I don't doubt that we'll win, uncle.
Ah, where should I run to escape them?
Tutor, look, the bloodthirsty Clifford is coming!
Go away, clergyman!
Your holy position saves your life.
And, as for the kid of this damned Duke, whose father killed my father, he will die.
And I will die with him, my lord.
Soldiers, take him away!
Clifford, don't murder this innocent child, or you will be hated both by God and mankind!
What's happened?
Is he already dead?
Or does fear make him close his eyes?
I'll open them.
Oh, let me pray before I die!
I pray to you, kind Clifford, take pity on me!
I never hurt you.
Your father hurt me.
But that was before I was even born.
No reason!
Your father killed my father.
May the Gods ensure that this is the high point of your glory.
Plantagenet!
I am coming for you, Plantagenet!
Ah, listen!
Surrender to us, proud Plantagenet!
Wait, brave Clifford!
I would prolong the life of this traitor a little bit longer for a thousand reasons.
Anger makes Clifford deaf.
Wait, Clifford!
Yes, yes, so the stupid little bird is trying to get out of the trap.
Just like a rabbit struggling to get out of the net.
And you're just like thieves enjoying the goods they've stolen.
What does your grace want done to him now?
I must do the deed, for my father's sake.
No, wait.
You're a French she wolf, but worse than French wolves, since your tongue is more poisonous than the tooth of a venomous snake.
It is so unattractive when women, like Amazonian whores, rejoice in the misery of men brought down by fortune.
If your face wasn't like a unchanging mask, hardened by your evil deeds, I would attempt, proud queen, to make you blush.
If you weren't shameless, just saying where you came from and who your ancestors are would have been enough disgrace to make you feel ashamed.
Your father bears the title of the King of Naples, ruling over Sicily and Jerusalem, too, yet he is not as rich as an English landowner.
Has that poor king taught you to curse?
It's not necessary, and it doesn't do you any good, proud queen, unless the old saying proves true that beggars on horseback will drive their horses to death .
Damn me, but his grief is so moving that I can hardly stop myself from crying.
Even if he were the murderer of all my family, I would cry with him, seeing how his soul is gripped by sorrow.
What, are you on the verge of tears, my Lord Northumberland?
Just think about the wrong he did to all of us, and that will quickly dry your dripping tears.
Here is what I promised you for killing my father.
And this is to secure the power of our gentle hearted king.
Open your gates of mercy, kind God!
My soul flies through these wounds to look for you!
Off with his head, and put it on the gates of York, so that York's head may look over the town of York.
I can't be happy until I am told where our brave father is.
I saw him in the battle moving around, and I watched how he singled out Clifford.
Are my eyes blinded by the beams, or do I see three suns?
It's very strange, something that I've never heard of.
Ah, I am someone who was an unlucky bystander when the noble Duke of York was killed, your father and my beloved lord.
Oh, stop speaking, for I have already heard too much.
Tell us how he died.
He was surrounded by many enemies, and he stood against them, like when Hector stood against the Greeks that were trying to get into Troy.
Sweet Duke of York, the father we could lean on, you are now gone and we have nothing to support us.
Oh, Clifford, wild Clifford!
No, if you're truly a prince, show your power by looking directly into the sun without blinking like an eagle: instead of "power and dukedom," say "throne and kingdom.  "
How are you, my lords?
What success have you had?
Have you heard any news from abroad?
Great lord of Warwick, if we should repeat our deadly news, and stab daggers in our flesh as each word is spoken until our speech was done, the words would be more painful than the wounds.
Oh, brave lord, the Duke of York is killed!
Oh, Warwick, Warwick!
Plantagenet, who cared about you as much as he cared about his own soul's salvation, was killed by the cruel Clifford.
Where is the Duke of Norfolk, kind Warwick?
And when did George come from Burgundy to England?
Well, that's why I came to look for you and that's why my brother MONTAGUE is coming.
Listen to me, lords.
The proud insulting queen, with Clifford and the arrogant Northumberland, and many proud folks like them, have molded this king as if he were easily melted wax.
Lord Warwick, I will lean on your shoulder and when you fail in your mission God forbid!
Edward will also fall, heaven forbid!
Then sound the drums!
What now?
What's the news?
Well, then, things are falling into place.
Welcome to this splendid town of York, my lord.
Yes, as the rocks cheer up those that fear they'll crash on them.
To see this disturbs my soul.
Stop this revenge, dear God!
My gracious lord, this harmful mildness and pity must be put to one side.
At whom do lions look gently?
Not the beast that wants to take over their cave.
Whose hand does the forest bear lick?
Not the hunter that slaughters her young in front of her.
Who escapes the sting of the sneaky, venomous snake?
Not the man that puts his foot on her back.
The smallest worm will grown violent when someone steps on it, and doves will peck to keep their littles ones safe.
Clifford has played the role of orator very well, offering powerful arguments.
But, tell me Clifford, have you never heard that things wrongfully gained end up turning out badly?
And was it always a happy ending for the son whose father went to hell for hoarding his money?
My son will inherit my virtuous actions, and I wish my father left me nothing but those too!
My gracious father, if you allow me, I'll use my sword to fight for my right to be heir to the crown.
You spoke that like a brave prince.
Yes, my good lord.
But that's my fate too.
Then let's go fight with determination.
Now, lying Henry!
Go and scold your followers, you proud, insulting boy!
Do you dare address your sovereign and your lawful king with these rude words?
And there's a good reason for that too.
Are you there, murderer?
Oh, I cannot speak!
It was you who killed young Rutland, wasn't it?
Yes, and I killed old York.
For God's sake, lords, give a signal to start the fight.
What do you say, Henry?
Ah, how are you, you blabbing Warwick?
Do you dare to speak?
When we last met at Saint Alban's, you were running away instead of fighting.
Then it was my time to flee, and now it's yours.
You said that before, and yet it was you who ran away.
It wasn't your bravery that made me run, Clifford.
But your manliness didn't make you stay either.
Northumberland, I respect you.
End the conversation because I can barely stop my swollen heart from taking revenge upon Clifford, the cruel child killer!
I killed your father.
Stop squabbling, my lords, and listen to me now.
Challenge them then, or if you won't, then keep your mouth closed.
My king, the wound that is the cause of this meeting can't be healed by words.
Tell me, Henry, will I have my right to the throne or not?
A thousand men had breakfast this morning, but they'll never eat dinner again if you don't give up the crown.
If you deny him his right, their blood will be on your head.
If what Warwick says is right is actually right, then there is nothing wrong in the world, but everything is right.
Whoever your father may be, I know it's your mother who stands over there.
I'd pay a thousand crowns to make this shameless whore know herself for what she is .
And, in that spirit, I refuse to listen to you any longer since you won't let the gentle king speak.
Let the trumpets sound!
Let our bloody flags wave!
We'll either have victory or death.
Stay, Edward.
Smile on us, kind heaven!
Or strike us down, you unkind death!
Because this world is frowning and the sun that represents me is clouded with darkness.
What's happening, my lord?
What luck?
Do we have hope for a happy outcome?
Ah, Warwick!
Let's go, let's go!
Once more goodbye, sweet lords.
There's nothing good about events that nobody profits from.
Oh, miserable sight!
Oh, these are bloody times!
While lions fight one another for their dens, poor harmless lambs have to survive their conflict.
Sorrow on top of sorrow!
Grief more than the usual grief!
Oh, that my death could prevent these lamentable actions!
Oh, pity, take pity, gentle heaven, take pity!
Imagine how my mother will deal with me to learn of my father's death she'll never be satisfied!
Imagine how my wife will shed seas worth of tears for the murder of my son she'll never be satisfied!
Imagine how the country will think badly of the king after these unfortunate circumstances they'll never be satisfied!
Has ever a son lamented a father's death so much?
Has ever a father so wailed for his son so much?
Has ever a king grieved for his people's sorrows so much?
Your sorrow is great, but mine is ten times stronger.
Men with sadness in their hearts, overcome with trouble: here sits a king more sorrowful than you are.
Run away, father, run!
All your friends have fled and Warwick is raging like an angry bull.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Who is that who dies with such suffering?
A deadly groan, like the separation between life and death.
I think he can't perceive us anymore.
Oh, I wish he did!
And maybe he does but it's his strategy to pretend because he doesn't want to hear the sort of angry taunts which he delivered to our father at the time of his death.
If you think so, irritate him with sharp words.
Clifford, ask for mercy and receive no grace.
Clifford, repent with fruitless remorse.
Clifford, make up excuses for your crimes.
While we think of brutal tortures for your actions.
You loved York and I am York's son.
You pitied Rutland and now I will pity you.
Where's Captain Margaret to protect you now?
They mock you, Clifford.
What?
Let me be Duke of Clarence, George of Gloucester.
Oh, please, that's a silly comment: Richard, Duke of Gloucester.
Now, let's go to London, so you can receive these honors.
I'll stay above the hill so that both of us can shoot.
Look a man is coming our way.
I have snuck away from Scotland out of pure love in order to look longingly at my own land.
Ah, well here's a deer whose skin is worth a high price.
Let me embrace you, sour misery, because wise men say that's the wisest thing to do.
Why do we wait?
Let's get him.
Wait a while.
Tell us, who are you who speaks of kings and queens?
Yes, but you speak as if you were a king.
Well, I am, in my mind.
But if you are a king, where is your crown?
But have you never sworn and then broken the oath?
No, I've never sworn an oath like that.
Where did you live when I was King of England?
Here in this region, where we are now.
No, because we were loyal subjects to you while you were king.
Well, am I dead?
Am I not breathing like any man?
Ah, foolish men, you don't know what you swore!
We are faithful subjects of the king, King Edward.
And you would be again to Henry, if he was seated where King Edward sits.
We order you, in God's name and the king's, to go with us to the officers.
Your highness would do well to give her what she wants.
That's true, but I'll pause before agreeing.
Oh, is that it?
I see that the lady has something she can offer him, before the king will agree to her humble request.
He knows how to play the game.
Be quiet!
Yes, widow?
Then I bet you that all your lands will be yours, if what pleases him will pleasure you too.
She needs to fight closer to the enemy or, I'd wager, she'll get hit .
I'm not afraid for her, unless she should chance to fall under him.
God prevent that from happening!
Because then he'll take advantage.
How many children do you have, widow?
Tell me.
I think he wants to beg her to give him a child.
No, whip me if you're right about that.
Three, my most gracious lord.
You will have four, if you'll be ruled by him.
It's a shame that they should lose their father's lands.
Feel sorry for them, honorable lord, and give me the land then.
Lords, leave us alone.
Now, madam, tell me, do you love your children?
Yes, as much as I love myself.
And wouldn't you do a lot for them?
For them, I would even undergo being hurt.
Then get them your husband's lands to do good by them.
That's why I came to your majesty.
I'll tell you how you can get these lands.
If you can get them, I'll be your highness' faithful servant.
What service can you do for me, if I give you the lands?
Whatever you command, it'll be my responsibility to carry out.
But you think there are exceptions to my request.
No, gracious lord, unless I can't do it.
Yes, but you can do what I'm planning to ask you to do.
Well, then, I will do what your grace commands.
He is working on her persistently.
He is as hot as fire!
Her wax must melt under him.
Why does my lord stop?
It's an easy job only to love a king.
That can be done easily because I am one of your loyal subjects.
Well, then, I give you back your husband's lands freely.
And I leave with a thousand thanks.
The match is made.
I'm also talking about the enjoyment of love, my loving lord.
Yes, but I think you mean it in another sense.
What kind of love, do you think, do I try so hard to get from you?
No, to tell you the truth, I didn't mean that kind of love.
Well, then you don't mean what I thought you did.
But now you may partially understand what I meant.
My mind will never allow me to think what I imagine your highness means, if I guess correctly.
I'll say it simply then.
To say it simply, I would rather sleep in prison.
Well, then you won't have your husband's lands.
You wrong your children so much by refusing.
Your highness wrongs both them and me in making this demand.
But, powerful king, this playful toying with me does not fit well with the seriousness of my request.
Then, I say "no," my lord.
My pleas to you are over.
The widow doesn't like him, she's frowning.
Sweet widow, I swear to you, by my royal standing, that I don't say anything I don't intend to make true.
You're just coming up with excuses, widow.
It will make you upset to hear my sons call you father.
Not more than when my daughters call you mother.
He's like a priest who's heard her confession and granted absolution.
He became like a priest to get her to sleep with him.
Brothers, you must be wondering what we've been talking about.
Whatever it was, the widow doesn't like it.
You would think it's strange if I said I'm going to marry her.
Marry her to whom, my lord?
Well, Clarence, to myself.
That would be a wonder lasting ten days at least.
That's one day longer than a wonder lasts.
Yes, I meant that it would be extraordinary even for a wonder.
My gracious lord, your enemy Henry was captured and brought as your prisoner to your palace gates.
Yes, Edward will treat women well.
I wish he were consumed with disease, in his bone marrow, bones and everything else, so that he could father no future monarchs who would prevent me from getting the crown myself!
Tell me, fair queen, where does this deep despair come from?
Whatever it may be, always act like a queen and sit next to me.
Don't let fortune run wildly over you, but let your courageous mind still triumph over the bad things that happen.
Those gracious words lift my spirits and make it possible for me to speak my silent sorrows.
Famous queen, calm your grief with patience, while I think of a way to end your sadness.
The longer we wait here, the stronger our enemy grows.
The longer I pause, the more I can help you.
Oh, but impatience is part of real sorrow.
And look, here comes the creator of all my sorrow!
Our Earl of Warwick, Edward's best friend.
Welcome, brave Warwick!
What brings you to France?
If that happens, there is no hope for Henry left.
Offensive Margaret!
And why not "queen"?
Because your father Henry usurped the throne, so you are no more a prince than she is a queen.
Oxford, how does it happen, in this smooth talking story, you didn't mention how Henry the Sixth lost everything that Henry the Fifth had won?
I think that these noblemen of France would find that amusing.
But, as for all the rest, you recount a family tree of sixty two years, which is not much time to make a long term claim for a kingdom.
Can you speak against your king, Warwick a king you obeyed for thirty six years and not betray your treason by blushing?
Can Oxford, who always fought for justice, now hide lies behind a family tree?
Shame on you!
Get over Henry and accept Edward as king.
And I will defend the house of York.
God forbid that Warwick's words charm him!
Warwick, tell me now, deep in your heart, is Edward your true king?
Because I would hate to join with one who was not rightfully chosen.
I swear it on my reputation and my honor.
But is he popular with the people?
He is, especially because Henry was so unpopular.
Then, also, just speaking honestly, tell me truthfully how much he really loves my sister in law Lady Bona.
He loves her as much as it suits a king like himself.
Sister, we want to hear your decision now.
A wife to Edward but not to the English king.
You deceitful Warwick!
It was your plan to nullify my plea to King Lewis with this marriage alliance.
Henry now lives in Scotland peacefully, and since he has nothing there, he has nothing to lose.
Shut up, you insolent, shameless Warwick, be quiet, proud man who establishes and removes kings!
I won't leave this place until with my words and tears, both of which are real, I make King Lewis recognize your cunning trickery and the falseness of your lord's love for Lady Bona.
Warwick, there is some letter for us or for you.
My lord ambassador, these letters are for you.
These are from our king to your king.
And madam, these are for you.
I like that our queen is smiling at the news she's received while Warwick is frowning at the news he's received.
No, look at how Lewis stamps his foot, as if he was irritated by something.
What is your news, Warwick?
And yours, fair queen?
Mine fill my heart with happiness I did not hope for.
Mine is full of sorrow and makes my heart heavy.
Madness!
Has your king married the Lady Grey?
And now, to smooth over your lies and his lies, he sends me a note to tell me to be calm?
Is this the alliance that he wants to make with France?
How can he dare to insult us in this way?
Yes, I am so much his friend, his genuine friend, that, if King Lewis will be willing to send us with some troops of selected soldiers, I'll take them to our coast and try to force the tyrant out of his throne through war.
Dear brother, how else can I be revenged except by your helping this distressed queen?
Famous prince, how can poor Henry live if you don't save him from his miserable situation?
My argument and the English queen's argument are one and the same.
And my argument, fair Lady Bona, is the same as yours too.
And mine is the same as hers and yours and Margaret's.
And so I have definitely decided to offer you help.
Let me thank you for all you'll do for us at once.
Then return quickly, English messenger, and tell false Edward, your so called king, that Lewis of France is sending over performers to stage a masque and celebrate with him and his new bride.
Tell him I'll wear a willow garland, the sign of a lover who's been thrown aside, in hopes that he'll soon be widowed.
Tell him that my mourning clothes have been cast aside and I am ready to put on my armor.
Tell him from me that he has wronged me and that's why I'll take away his crown before too long.
There's your payment.
This will prove my eternal loyalty: if our queen and this young prince agree, I joyfully offer my eldest daughter to the prince for holy marriage.
Yes, I agree and I thank you for that suggestion.
What are we waiting for?
These soldiers will be recruited, and you, Lord Bourbon, our High Admiral, shall convey them over the sea with our royal navy.
I can't wait until Edward falls to bad fortune in this war as punishment for toying with marriage with a French lady.
Now tell me, brother Clarence, what do you think of this new marriage between Edward and Lady Grey?
Don't you think our brother chose well?
Don't talk about this now, my lords.
And his well chosen bride.
I intend to tell him simply what I think of this.
Clarence, brother, now how do you like our choice, since you're standing there looking so thoughtful as if you were partly dissatisfied?
I like it as well as King Lewis of France or the Earl of Warwick, who have such little courage or sense that they surely won't be offended by this insult to them.
And you will have your wishes fulfilled because you're the king.
Okay, Richard, my brother.
Putting your mockery and your displeasure on one side for a moment, tell me any reason why the Lady Grey shouldn't become my wife and Queen of England.
And you too, Somerset and MONTAGUE, tell me freely what you think.
Then this is my opinion: King Lewis will become your enemy because you humiliated him by not marrying Lady Bona.
And Warwick, who was only doing what you told him to do, now feels dishonored by this new marriage.
What if both Lewis and Warwick could be calmed down by a plan that I come up with?
Yet, if we had joined with France in this alliance, it would have strengthened our kingdom against foreign enemies more than any marriage made at home could do.
Yes, but doesn't you know, MONTAGUE, that England can be safe alone if it stays purely English?
But it is safer when it is supported by France.
Lord Hastings really deserves to marry a wealthy noblewoman just for that speech alone.
Oh, why do you bring that up?
It was what I wanted and commanded, and what I say in this case is the law.
Or otherwise you wouldn't have betrothed the daughter of Lord Bonville to your new stepson, leaving your brothers to try their luck elsewhere.
Ah, poor Clarence!
Are you dissatisfied because you want a wife so badly?
I will get you one.
Leave me or stay, but I will still be king, and won't be tied to my brother's wishes.
I listen, but I don't say much, but I keep thinking.
Now, messenger, what letters or news do you bring from France?
When I was leaving, these were his exact words: "Go tell the false Edward, your so called king, that Lewis of France is sending over masque performers to celebrate with him and his new bride.  "
Is Lewis so boldly rude?
Maybe he thinks I'm like Henry.
But what did Lady Bona say about my marriage?
These were her words, spoken with mad anger: "Tell him I'll wear a willow garland, the sign of a lover who's been thrown aside, in hopes that he'll soon be widowed.  "
I don't blame her because she couldn't say anything different.
She was wronged.
But what did Henry's queen say?
"Tell him," she said, "that my mourning clothes have been cast aside and I am ready to put on my armor.  "
Maybe she intends to act like a wild Amazon warrior.
What did Warwick say about these insults?
He was more furious at your majesty than anyone else, and he dismissed me with these words: "Tell him from me that he has wronged me and that's why I'll take away his crown before too long.  "
Ha!
Did the traitor speak these proud words?
Yes, gracious lord, they are such close friends that the young Prince Edward will marry Warwick's daughter.
Probably the older daughter.
Clarence and Somerset have both gone to Warwick!
But I am prepared for the worst that can happen and moving quickly is necessary in this extreme situation.
But, before I go, Hastings and MONTAGUE, clear up something for me.
God help me while I prove my loyalty!
And God help me while I fight for Edward!
Richard, my brother, will you stand with me?
Yes, I'll stand with you against your enemies .
Well, there you go!
Then I am sure I'll win.
Now let us go from here and let's not lose time until we find Warwick with his foreign army.
But look at Somerset and Clarence coming!
Tell us immediately, my lords are we all friends?
Don't be worried about that, my lord.
What, he's not sleeping in his bed?
No, he's not, because he made a solemn vow never to lie down and sleep normally until either Warwick or himself has been conquered.
Maybe tomorrow will be the day, if Warwick is as close as men report.
But, tell me, who is the nobleman who is resting with the king here in his tent?
It's Lord Hastings, the king's best friend.
Oh, is that true?
But why does the king order his closest followers to stay in towns around him while he himself sleeps on the cold ground?
It's more honorable because it's more dangerous.
Unless our weapons could prevent him from entering.
Yes, why else would we guard his royal tent but to defend him from enemies in the night?
This is his tent.
Look at his guards standing there.
Take courage, my men!
Gain honor now or never!
Who's there?
Stop, or you'll die!
Who is it running around here?
Richard and Hastings, let them be.
The duke!
Warwick, when we said goodbye, you called me king.
Oh, my brother Clarence are you also here?
Well, then I see that my kingship must end.
Then you can stay the King of England in your thoughts.
What else do we have left to do, my lords, but to march to London with our soldiers?
Yes, that's the first thing we have to do in order to rescue King Henry from imprisonment and put him back on the throne.
Madam, what's caused your sudden change of mood?
Rivers, my brother, haven't you heard about the recent catastrophe that has happened to King Edward?
What happened?
Did he lose some battle against Warwick?
No, but he's lost his power.
You mean my king's been killed?
Until then, I'll hold on to hope to delay my life falling apart.
But, madam, where has Warwick now gone?
Now, Lord Hastings and Sir William Stanley, stop wondering why I brought you here, into the densest part of the hunting woods.
Here's the situation: you know that our king, my brother, is a prisoner to the archbishop here.
This way, my lord.
No, this way, man.
Brother, the time and circumstance presses us to do this quickly.
But where shall we go from here?
To Lynn, my lord, and then take a ship to Flanders from there.
Stanley, I will reward your eagerness.
But why are we still here?
This is no time to talk!
What do you say, huntsman?
Will you go with us?
Come then, let's go.
Officer, now that God and my friends have removed Edward from the throne and set me free, turning my fear to hope and sorrow into joy, what money do I owe you for the food received in prison?
Forgiveness for what, lieutenant?
For treating me well?
What does Clarence say to his king's wishes?
That he agrees, if Warwick agrees too, because I rely on your decisions.
Obviously!
And the order of succession must be determined.
Yes, you'll have be high up on that list, Clarence.
It will be done as swiftly as possible, my king.
My Lord Somerset, who is that young man that you seem to care for so much?
My lord, this is young Henry, earl of Richmond.
Come forward, hope of England's future.
What news do you bring, my friend?
Edward escaped from your brother and ran away to Burgundy, it has been said.
Distasteful news!
But how did he escape?
My brother the archbishop was too careless with his prisoner.
But let us go from here, my king, to provide healing to any injury that may occur.
Yes, because if Edwards gets the crown back, Richmond and everyone else will fall.
It shall be so, he will go to Brittany.
Come, then, let's deal with it quickly.
The gates are tightly secured.
My lord, I'll knock one more time to call them.
My lords, we were warned about you coming here, and we closed the gates to protect ourselves.
But, mayor, if Henry is your king, then I, Edward, am still at least the Duke of York.
True, my good lord.
Well, I'm insisting on nothing except being recognized as the duke, and I'll be perfectly happy with just that alone.
But once the fox has poked his nose inside the chicken coop, he'll soon figure out a way to get his whole body inside too.
Why are you hesitating, mayor?
Open the gates, we are King Henry's friends.
Oh, are you, you say?
Then we'll open the gates.
So, mayor, these gates should only be closed during the night or during wartime.
Relax!
Don't be scared just give me the keys.
Edward will defend you, your town, and all those friends of yours that decide to follow me.
Welcome, Sir John!
But why do you come with armed soldiers?
To help King Edward in this time of crisis, as every loyal subject should.
Thanks, good Montgomery, but I've now cast aside my claim to the throne and only declare myself the Duke of York until God chooses to give me back my kingship.
No, stay here a while, Sir John, and we can debate how the crown might be won back securely.
Why do you talk about debating it?
Brother, why are you quibbling over minor issues?
When my army has grown stronger, then I'll make my claim to be the rightful king.
Enough with the overcautious overthinking!
Battles must decide what happens next now.
And fearless men ascend most quickly the throne.
Brother, we will claim your kingship immediately, and the news of that will bring you many friends.
Edward the Fourth, by the grace of God, you are the king of England and France, and Lord of Ireland, et cetera.
And whoever dares to to deny King Edward's right, I will challenge him to single combat.
Long live Edward the Fourth!
What advice would you give us, lords?
Let's muster our men and let's beat him back to where he came from.
A little fire can be quickly extinguished.
Goodbye, my Hector and the best hope for my Troy.
I kiss your hand as a sign of my loyalty.
Loyal Clarence, I hope you will do well!
Take courage, my lord.
And I kiss your hand in loyalty too, and say goodbye.
Sweet Oxford and my loving MONTAGUE both leaving me at the same time.
Goodbye, good lords.
I will stay here at the palace for a while.
What do you think, Lord of Exeter?
I think that the power that Edward has in the battlefield won't be able to match mine.
Listen, listen, my lord!
What does this shouting mean?
Away quickly, before his forces appear by surprise and steal back this great traitor.
Where is the messenger that came from brave Oxford?
How far away is your lord, honest man?
By now he'll be at Dunsmore, marching this way.
How far away is our brother MONTAGUE?
Where is the messenger that came from MONTAGUE?
By now he'll be at Daintry, with a powerful army.
Somerville, tell me, what does my loving son say?
And can you guess how close Clarence might be now?
I left him at Southam with his army and I am expecting him to be here in around two hours.
Then Clarence is near.
Who could that be?
Perhaps unexpected friends.
They are near and you'll find out soon.
Go, trumpeter to the walls and play a fanfare to call for negotiations.
Look how the arrogant Warwick guards the wall!
Oh, unwelcome hate!
Is lecherous Edward here?
Did our spies fall asleep, or they were bribed, since they didn't bring us any news of Edward coming towards us?
How about instead you withdraw your armies from here, admit who got you your power and took it away, call me your past protector, and be repentant?
You can still be the Duke of York.
I thought at least he would have said "you can still be the king.  "
Isn't being a duke, sir, a gift to be grateful for?
I was the man who gave the kingdom to your brother.
Well, then it belongs to me, even if only because you gave it to me.
You're not like Atlas, who carried the world on his shoulders, even though you once carried the weight of the country.
That's right, Warwick.
Oh, friendly flags!
Look, Oxford is coming!
Oxford!
The gates are open, let us go in too.
So that other enemies may attack our soldiers at the back?
Oh, welcome, Oxford!
We need your help.
MONTAGUE!
You and your brother shall both pay for this treason with all the blood in your bodies.
The greater the enemy, the greater the victory.
Somerset!
Warwick, father in law, do you know what this means?
I fully welcome you, and I love you ten times more than I would if you never had deserved my hate.
Welcome, good Clarence.
Oh, you total traitor!
Will you leave the town and fight, Warwick?
Or shall we come in and throw stones at you?
Alas, my town is not built to defend against an army!
I will go away to Barnet immediately and challenge you to a battle, Edward, if you dare to accept.
Yes, Warwick, I'll dare to fight you, and I'll go ahead of you.
Lords, let's go to the battlefield!
Ah, who is here?
Come to me, whether you are a friend or an enemy and tell me who won York or Warwick?
Why do I ask that?
Ah, Warwick, Warwick!
If only you were standing strong like us.
I wouldn't if I could.
Oh, MONTAGUE, sweet friend, if you are there, take my hand.
And kiss me to keep my dying soul from passing through my lips!
You don't love me, because, if you did, friend, your tears would wash away this cold thick blood that makes my lips stick together and won't let me speak.
Come quickly, MONTAGUE, or I'll be dead.
Ah, Warwick!
Let my soul rest in peace!
Let's go, let's go!
So far, our luck has been getting better and better, and we've been winning.
Great lords, wise men never sit and cry about what they've lost.
I think a woman with such a brave spirit as my mother has could fill a coward's fearful heart with courage with her words, inspiring him to defeat an armed man with his bare hands.
I don't say this doubting any of your bravery, because if I did suspect that any of you were fearful, I'd make you leave immediately to prevent you from infecting anyone else with your cowardice in our time of need.
If that applies to anyone here God forbid!
he should leave before we need his help.
Can you believe it, incredible courage from women and children, and weakness from warriors!
This shame will last forever.
And anyone who won't fight for such a hope as that, go home to bed.
Like an owl who is seen awake during the day, if you're a coward, you'll be mocked and treated like a strange creature.
Thanks, gentle Somerset.
And take thanks from me since I have nothing else yet to give.
Get ready, lords.
Edward is near.
But we've got him this time because we are prepared.
It makes me happy to see your confidence.
Let's have the battle right here.
Now we've reached the end of all the tumultuous fighting.
I will not trouble you with my words!
Nor will I.
So we say goodbye sadly in this troubled world, only to greet joy in sweet heaven.
Has it been declared that whoever finds Edward will get a big reward and be allowed to live?
It is.
Bring the young man forward and let's hear him speak.
What?
Can such a young boy be so rude already?
Edward, what is your excuse for bearing arms against me, stirring up my people to violence, and for all the trouble you caused me?
You should speak like a subject, proud ambitious Duke of York!
Oh, if only your father had been so strong willed!
Then you wouldn't have been the one wearing the pants in your marriage.
I swear to heaven, brat, I'll attack you like the plague for saying that.
Yes, you were born to be a plague for people.
For God's sake, take away this shrewish prisoner!
No, take away this shrewish hunchback instead.
Quiet, you headstrong boy, or I will silence your tongue forever.
Uneducated boy, you are too impudent.
Take that, you mirror image of your ranting mother here.
Are you still writhing?
Take that, to end your agony.
And here's for calling me treacherous.
Oh, kill me too!
I will, gladly.
Stop, Richard, stop.
Why should she live and fill the world with her words?
Is she fainting?
Help her recover.
What?
What?
The Tower, the Tower.
Oh, Ned, sweet Ned!
Speak to your mother, boy!
Can you not speak?
Oh, traitors!
Murderers!
Take her away from here with force.
By heaven, I will not give you so much comfort.
Good Clarence, do.
Didn't you hear me swear that I wouldn't do it?
Yes but you are used to swearing and the breaking your promise.
It was a sin before, but now it is charity.
What, won't you do it?
Where is that devilish slaughterer, ugly Richard?
I say, away!
May the same happen to you and your family as it happened to this Prince!
Where has Richard gone?
He's impulsive when an idea comes into his head.
Hello, my lord.
Are you reading your book so carefully?
Sir, leave us alone.
It reminds me of the silly fool from Crete, Daedalus, who made his son Icarus wings to fly !
And yet, even though he had wings, the foolish boy drowned.
Do you think I am an executioner?
I killed your son because of his arrogance.
If you were killed the first time you were arrogant, you wouldn't have been alive to kill my son.
And so here I predict that as many as a thousand people, who now suspect no part of what I fear will happen, will curse the day that you were born with many sighs of old men and widows, many tears shed by orphans and by men for their sons, wives for their husbands, and orphans for their parents' premature deaths.
I won't hear anymore.
Yes, and for much more killing after this.
May God forgive my sins and may He forgive you!
So, will the blood of the Lancaster who wanted to be king sink in the ground?
I thought it would have ascended.
Look how my sword drips blood like tears for the poor king's death!
Oh, I hope we'll always drip tears of blood from the bodies of those who want to destroy our house!
If there is any life left in you, go down, down to hell, and say that I sent you there.
My brothers, Clarence and Gloucester, love my lovely queen and kiss your nephew the prince, both of you.
Thanks, noble Clarence.
And because I love your father, the tree from which you came, watch the loving kiss I give to you, the fruit.
As a matter of fact, Judas kissed Jesus in the same way and cried, "All hail!  "
in support of Jesus, when he meant to harm him.
What does your grace want to do with Margaret?
Her father Reignier has sold Naples and Jerusalem to the king of France, and he's offered us the money to pay her ransom.
Let's be done with her and send her over to France.
And now what else is there to do but spend our time with stately processions celebrating our victory, joyful comic shows, whatever the court finds pleasing?
Play the drums and trumpets!
Bitter trouble, goodbye!
I hope that our long lasting happiness begins here.
Good morning, and good to see you.
How have you been since we last met in France?
An unfortunate sickness kept me prisoner in my room when those two men as glorious and bright as suns met in the valley of Andren.
The whole time I was stuck in my room like a prisoner.
Oh, you're praising them highly.
I swear by my reputation and love for honesty, the description of everything that was done there couldn't do justice to it even if it were described by a good talker.
Someone you wouldn't expect to have any part in such business.
Tell me, who, my lord?
This was organized wisely by the honorable Cardinal of York.
May the devil take good care of him!
He's got his ambitious finger in everyone's pie.
What did he have to do with this foolish fighting?
I'm surprised that such a lump of fat can block the rays of the kind sun with his bulk and keep them from the earth.
Why the devil, when this French expedition took place, did he take it upon himself to decide who would go with the king without asking him?
I know relatives of mine, at least three, who because of this are in so much financial trouble that they'll never get their finances back to where they were before.
Oh, many people have broken their backs paying for mansions for the court to stay in on this great journey.
What did this foolish man do, except help this bad thing happen?
Sadly, I think the peace between the French and us isn't worth the money that was paid to make it.
Is that why the ambassador has been silenced?
Yes, it is.
So we have just a title deed for a peace, and bought at too high a price!
The respected cardinal carried out all this business.
Your grace, the government notices the private quarrel between you and the cardinal.
The Duke of Buckingham's surveyor !
Where's his paperwork?
Here, sir.
Is he ready to appear in person?
Yes, your grace.
Are you angry?
Ask God to make you patient.
Don't say "a traitor.  "
That's true, it did.
Listen, sir.
I am sorry to hear this about him, and I hope there's a mistake in what you say about him.
Do your job, sergeant.
My lord the Duke of Buckingham, Earl of Hereford, Stafford, and Northampton, sir, I arrest you for high treason in the name of our king.
See, my lord, I've been caught in his trap!
I'll die from his plots.
No, he must go with you.
The king wants you to go the Tower until he decides what will happen to you.
As the duke said, may God's will be done and may I do what the king wants!
Here is a warrant from the king to arrest Lord Montacute, the duke's confessor , John de la Car, and a certain Gilbert Perk, his chancellor
A Chartreux monk.
Oh no, Nicholas Hopkins ?
That's him.
I thank you with all my heart and my life itself for this great thing you've done.
No, I have to kneel longer.
Thank you, your majesty.
My request is that you love yourself and, by doing that, that you not neglect your honor or the dignity of your position.
Go on, my lady.
Taxes!
On what?
What taxes?
Sir, I know only a part of state business, and I am only the most important of the many people in charge of this business.
Taxes again!
What is this?
Tell me, what are these taxes?
I'm worried about boring you, but I take courage from your promise to forgive me.
I swear by my life, this is not what I wanted.
I would like a word with you.
Let there be letters written to every part of the country announcing the king's kindness and pardon.
I'm sorry you're unhappy with the Duke of Buckingham.
Stand up and bravely tell what you observed about the Duke of Buckingham, like a good subject should.
Speak freely.
Please, your highness, pay attention to this dangerous idea.
Wise lord cardinal, speak charitably.
He thought of this because of Nicholas Hopkins's meaningless prophecy.
Who was Hopkins?
A Chartreux friar, sir, his confessor , who told him every minute he'd be king.
How do you know this?
Let him go on.
Come forward.
I swear on my soul, I'll tell the truth.
What!
He said this so openly?
Aha!
That man is trouble.
I can, my king.
Go on.
At Greenwich, when you had scolded the duke about Sir William Blomer
What a giant traitor!
Now, ma'am, can the king live safely if this man is not in jail?
May God make all this better!
There's something more you want to say.
That's what he wants, to stab me.
Is it possible that France could enchant men to do such strange things?
New fashions are being followed, however ridiculous or even unmanly they are.
For the love of God!
Hello!
What's the news, Sir Thomas Lovell?
Truly, my lord, I haven't heard about anything except the new proclamation that's been put up on the gate to the court.
What is it for?
To reform the returned travelers who fill the court with quarrels, talk, and tailors.
It's time to give them medicine , as their diseases have become so contagious.
The ladies will miss these neat pointless things!
May the devil fiddle them!
Yes, my lord, and I'll keep at it while I still have a tooth in my head.
Sir Thomas, where were you headed?
To the cardinal's.
That churchman has a generous mind and gives as freely as the land that grows food for us.
I'm at your service.
The thought of this beautiful company made me hurry.
You are young, Sir Harry Guildford.
Sir Thomas Lovell, if the cardinal had even half my unreligious thoughts in him, some of these women would have a quick refreshment before they rested that I think would please them more than this one.
Oh, if only you were the confessor of one or two of them!
I wish I were.
Really?
As easy as a feather bed would make it.
Sweet ladies, would you sit?
Certainly, and thank you, your lordship.
Was he crazy, sir?
Well said my lord.
So, now you're beautifully seated between two beauties.
Gentleman, you'll be punished if these beautiful ladies leave looking unhappy.
As for me, don't worry.
My Lord Sands, thank you.
You're a cheerful player, my lord Sands.
Yes, if I have something to play.
You can't show me.
I told you they would talk soon, your grace.
What's that?
Some of you go look outside.
What warlike noise was that, and what was it for?
Well?
What is it?
Your feast has been broken up, but we'll fix that.
This is a noble band!
What do they want?
The most beautiful hand I ever touched!
Oh, I never knew what beauty was until now!
My lord!
Yes, your grace?
I will, my lord.
What do they say?
Let me see, then.
You found him, cardinal.
I am glad you're making so many jokes, your grace.
Please, come here, my lord chamberlain.
By God, she's a pretty one.
Sweetheart, I would be rude to dance with you and not kiss you.
Drink to her health, gentlemen!
Everyone drink.
Sir Thomas Lovell, is the banquet in the private room ready?
Yes, my lord.
I'm worried you feel a little hot from dancing, your grace.
Yes, I'm afraid I feel very hot.
There's fresher air in the next room, my lord.
Where are you going so fast?
Oh, hello!
To the hall to hear what will happen to the great Duke of Buckingham.
I'll spare you that effort, sir.
It's all over, except for bringing the prisoner back to jail.
Were you there?
Yes, I was.
Please tell me what happened.
You can easily guess.
Was he found guilty?
Yes, and condemned for it.
I'm sorry about that.
So are many other people.
But tell me, how did it happen?
I'll tell you in a few words.
The great duke came to court, where he still pled not guilty to the accusations against him and made many good arguments to escape the law.
He was the one who fed the duke his prophecies?
Yes.
After all this, how did he act?
I do not think he fears death.
Certainly the cardinal is responsible for this.
That was a sneaky, jealous trick.
No doubt he'll take his revenge for it when he returns.
It has been noticed that, in general, the cardinal instantly finds a job far from court for whomever the king favors.
Stop there, sir, and look at the noble, ruined man you're talking about.
Let's get closer and look at him.
Good people, you who have come here to pity me, listen to what I say and then go home and forget me.
Please, your grace, as a kindness, forgive me if there was ever any resentment against me in your heart.
I must lead you to the riverbank, your grace, then hand you over to Sir Nicholas Vaux, who will lead you to your death.
Oh, this is sad!
I'm afraid this will damn the people who did it.
May good angels protect us from it!
What can it be?
You trust me to keep it secret, don't you sir?
This secret is so important that it will require great strength of character to keep it secret.
Let me hear it.
It is sad.
We shouldn't talk about this so openly.
"My lord, I made sure the horses you sent for were well chosen, trained, and cared for.
They were young and good  looking, and of the best breed of the north.
Hello, my lord chamberlain.
Good day to both of you.
What is the king doing?
I left him alone, thinking sad thoughts and feeling troubled.
Why?
It seems that he's feeling guilty about his marriage to his brother's wife.
No, I think he's thinking about another lady.
I pray to God he does!
Or he'll never understand himself.
He acts so religiously in everything he does!
And so eagerly!
May heaven protect me from advice like that!
And God will free us from slavery to him.
Let's go in and distract the king from these sad thoughts that affect him too much with some other business.
Thank you, lord chamberlain.
He looks so sad!
He's definitely feeling very disturbed.
Who's there?
I pray to God he isn't angry.
I said, who's there?
How dare you interrupt me when I'm thinking?
Who do you think I am, huh?
Who's there?
The cardinal?
You couldn't possibly, sir.
I wish you would just give us an hour of private conversation, your grace.
I'm busy; go away.
Surely this priest doesn't have any pride in him?
If it does, I'll attack him.
You deserve the love of all strangers, your grace, because you are so noble.
I give my warrant to you, your highness.
Two equally virtuous men.
The queen will be told what you've come for immediately.
Where's Gardiner?
I know you've always loved her so much that you won't deny her what even a less important woman has the right to ask for: scholars allowed to argue freely on her side.
But I'll always do as you command, your grace.
Come here, Gardiner.
My Lord of York, didn't a certain Doctor Pace do this man's job before him?
Yes, he did.
Wasn't he thought to be a learned man?
Yes, absolutely.
Believe me, then, there's a bad rumor being spread about you, lord cardinal.
What!
About me?
They're not afraid to say you envied him and you were afraid he would rise in power because he was virtuous, so you kept him away from the king.
May he rest in peace!
That's all my Christian duty to him: saying that.
Tell the queen kindly about this.
Even the hardest hearts melt and are sad for her.
Oh, I wish she had never been in power.
Poor woman!
Now she's a stranger in this country again.
So much the more reason to pity her.
I swear it's better to be low born and wander around happily with other humble people than to be dressed up in glittering costumes but be sad, as if you were wearing sadness made of gold.
Happiness is our most important possession.
I swear by my faithfulness and virginity I wouldn't want to be a queen.
Goodness, no.
Goodness yes, and say yes.
No, not for all the wealth in the world.
Really, no.
You say such terrible things!
I promise again, I wouldn't agree to be queen for everything in the world.
Good morning, ladies.
What would I have to give you to hear what you were talking about?
I hope so!
You have a good mind.
Lady, I will confirm the king's good opinion of you.
Goodbye, my lord.
See?
This is strange to me.
How does it taste?
Does it taste bad?
I bet forty cents it doesn't.
There was once a lady, it's an old story, who didn't want to be a queen, she didn't, for all the mud in Egypt .
Come on, you're joking.
What kind of person do you think I am?
Silence while our warrant from Rome is being read.
Why?
It has already been read publicly and its authority has been accepted by everyone.
Very well.
Go on.
Say, Henry King of England, come into the court.
Henry King of England, come into the court.
Here.
Say, Katharine Queen of England, come into the court.
Katharine Queen of England, come into the court.
Lord cardinal, I speak to you.
What would you like, ma'am?
Be patient.
My lord, my lord, I am a simple woman, much too weak to fight your cleverness.
Call her again.
Katharine Queen of England, come into the court.
Ma'am, you are being called back.
Why do you have to point it out?
Very clearly, my king.
Hello!
Your grace, the two important cardinals are waiting in your reception room.
Do they want to speak to me?
They asked me to say they do, madam.
Ask them to come near.
What can their business be with me, a poor weak woman out of favor with the king?
I don't like them coming here.
Hello, your highness!
Please, ma'am, if we can go into your private room, we will tell you the whole reason we came.
Your conduct is so honorable, most serene queen
Noble lady, I am sorry you are so suspicious about my honesty and my service of your majesty and you, when I meant to serve you faithfully.
To betray me.
Ye speak like honest men; pray God, ye prove so!
Ma'am, you're being unfair to the king's love with this fear.
I wish you would stop being sad and take my advice.
How, sir?
He's telling you the truth.
You tell me to do what will get you what you both want  for me to be destroyed.
Is this your Christian advice?
Your anger makes you misjudge us.
You're turning me, a queen, into nothing.
Your fears are worse than the reality.
Ma'am, you're getting distracted from the good things we're offering you.
My lord, I wouldn't dare to commit the sin of willingly giving up the noble title I gained when your master married me.
Please listen to me.
I wish I had never set foot on this English land or been flattered by the people in it!
You have angels' faces, but heaven knows what you're really like.
What will become of poor me?
I am the unhappiest woman alive.
Poor girls, where are your fortunes now?
Ma'am, you'll find that we are those things.
I am happy to have the smallest opportunity to be reminded to take revenge for the death of my father in law, the duke.
What noble hasn't been criticized by him, or at least ignored?
When did he have any consideration for a noble other than himself?
Sir, I wish I could hear news this good every hour.
How were his plots revealed?
Very strangely.
How?
Does the king have this letter?
Yes.
Will this work?
The king sees his true nature in this, how he changes his allegiances and works for himself.
I wish he had!
I hope you're happy with your wish, my lord, because it's been granted.
I wish them the best in their marriage!
Amen!
All men say amen!
But will the king let the cardinal get away with his letter?
Amen!
May God make him angry and have him cry "Ha!  "
louder.
But my lord, when does Cranmer come back?
It's as if he has returned because he has sent back his arguments which convinced the king and almost all the famous academics in Christian countries that this divorce should happen.
I think his second marriage will be announced soon as well as her coronation.
That Cranmer's a good man and has worked hard to do the king's business.
He has, and he'll be made an archbishop for it.
So I hear.
It's true.
The cardinal!
Watch, watch, he's upset.
The letters, Cromwell.
Did you give them to the king?
I handed them to him myself, in his bedroom.
Did he look inside?
Is he ready to come here?
I think by this time he is.
Leave me here for a while.
He's unhappy.
Maybe he's heard that the king is angry at him.
I hope he's angry enough to punish him properly!
The last queen's lady in waiting, a knight's daughter, becoming her mistress's mistress!
The queen's queen!
This is like a candle that's not burning properly.
I'll have to be the one to put it out.
He's annoyed at something.
I wish it were something bad enough to break his heart !
The king, the king!
He's piled up so much wealth for himself!
And he seems to spend so much money every hour!
How on earth does he collect all this wealth, in the name of economy?
My lords, have you seen the cardinal?
It may well be.
Heaven forgive me!
May God bless you forever, your highness!
You have spoken well.
I will give you good reason, your highness, for always associating my speaking well with my acting well!
What does this mean?
May God bless this!
Haven't I made you the most important man in the country?
What does this mean?
Why is he suddenly angry?
How have I deserved it?
Wait: where's your warrant, lords?
Who would dare to disobey us, since we're telling you what the king wants straight from his mouth?
Until I find more reason than words or wants, by which I mean your ill will to me, busybody lords, I dare and must refuse to obey.
The king, who gave it to you.
He'll have to do it himself, then.
You're an arrogant traitor, priest.
I answer that this and everything else this babbling lord says I did is false.
All goodness is poison to you.
I could hate this man so much, I think, if it weren't wrong to hate anyone!
My innocence then will seem so much more beautiful and guiltless when the king finds out how honest I am.
I'd rather be without manners than without a head.
Take this!
Then, without the king's or council's knowledge, when you went to the emperor as an ambassador you dared to carry the great seal into Flanders.
Then, you sent a large amount of money to Gregory to Cassado to make an alliance between the king and Ferrara without the king's or country's agreement.
Then, out of simple ambition, you had your cardinal's hat stamped on coins.
My lord, don't kick a man when he's down!
I forgive him.
Lord cardinal, because the things you've done lately with your power as a papal deputy in this kingdom fall under the crime of praemunire , the king also wants to sue you for all your goods, lands, holdings, moveable property, and anything else, and to throw you out of his protection.
I was told to tell you this.
So we'll leave you to your thoughts about how to live better.
As for your stubborn answer about giving the great seal back to us, the king will know it and no doubt will thank you.
So goodbye, not good lord cardinal.
So goodbye to your feelings about me, which are not good.
Goodbye!
Goodbye to all my power!
Well hello, Cromwell!
I don't know what to say, sir.
What, are you amazed at my bad luck?
Are you surprised a great man can fall?
Well, if you're crying I must really have fallen.
How are you?
I am glad you've made good use of it, your grace.
The saddest and worst is the king's anger at you.
God bless him!
The next is that Sir Thomas More has been chosen as lord chancellor to replace you.
That's very sudden, but he's a learned man.
Cranmer has returned and his welcome is that he has been made archbishop of Canterbury.
Well, that's news.
That was what destroyed me.
My lord, do I have to leave you?
Do I have to abandon such a good, noble, and honest master?
Those of you who aren't hard hearted, bear witness to how sadly Cromwell leaves his master.
I'll serve the king but I'll pray for you for ever and ever.
Be calm, sir.
I am.
Goodbye, the hopes I had in court.
My hopes now live in heaven.
Hello, again.
Hello.
You've come to stand here and watch Lady Anne pass through on her way back from her coronation?
That's exactly it.
When we last met, the Duke of Buckingham was coming from his trial.
There was never a greater celebration, nor, I'm sure, a better reason for one.
Could I be so bold as to ask what that paper you're holding says?
I can tell you that too.
Poor, good lady!
The trumpets are sounding.
This is a royal looking procession, believe me.
I know these people, but who's that carrying the scepter?
He's a brave, daring man.
So that'll be the Duke of Suffolk next?
Exactly.
And that's the Lord of Norfolk?
Yes.
God bless you!
You have the sweetest face I've ever seen.
Those who carry the canopy over her are four barons, officers of the Cinque ports.
Those men are lucky, and so is everyone near her.
I assume the woman carrying her train is the old, noble Duchess of Norfolk.
She is, and the others are countesses.
I can tell from their crowns.
They look like stars  sometimes falling stars.
Shh, that's enough.
Hello, sir!
What crowd have you been in?
You saw the coronation?
I did.
How was it?
Well worth seeing.
Tell us about it, good sir.
I will tell you as well as I can.
But what happened next?
Who were the two respectable bishops walking on either side of the queen?
The bishop of Winchester is believed to dislike the archbishop, virtuous Cranmer.
Really?
Thomas Cromwell, a man the king thinks very highly of and a very good friend.
The king has put him in charge of the treasury and he's already one of his private advisers.
He will deserve further promotions.
Yes, definitely.
We'll do as you say, sir.
How are you, your grace?
Oh, Griffith, I'm terminally ill!
Poor man!
May he rest in peace and not be punished harshly for his faults!
Let me say just this about him, Griffith, but I'll speak it kindly.
Yes, good Griffith, it would be cruel of me to refuse.
After my death I don't want anyone to talk about my actions when I was alive to praise me except an honest historian like Griffith.
With your religious truth and modesty, you have made me honor the man I hated most when he was alive now that he is dead.
Peaceful spirits, where are you?
Have you all gone and left me miserable behind you?
Ma'am, we're here.
No one, ma'am.
No?
Didn't you see a holy band of angels  whose bright faces cast a thousand beams on me as if they were the sun   invite me to a feast just now?
I am very happy, ma'am, that you've had such good dreams.
Do you see how different she suddenly looks?
How drawn her face seems?
How pale she looks, and cold as earth?
Look at her eyes!
She's dying, girl.
God help her!
Your grace
You're a rude fellow.
You should know she won't let you treat her so rudely, since she's used to being powerful.
I beg your pardon, your highness.
I was in a hurry and that made me rude.
Let him in, Griffith, but let me never see this fellow again.
If I'm not going blind, you're the ambassador to the emperor, my royal nephew, and your name is Capucius.
That's right, ma'am.
Oh, my lord, things have gone strangely since we first met, and I have a different title.
But please tell me what you want from me.
He's in good health, ma'am.
I hope he always is!
No, ma'am.
Sir, I ask you humbly to give this to the king.
Willingly, ma'am.
I will, by God, or let me not be called a man anymore!
Thank you, honest lord.
It's one o'clock, isn't it, boy?
Yes, the clock struck one.
Did you come from the king, my lord?
I must go to him, too, before he goes to bed.
Goodbye.
Wait, Sir Thomas Lovell.
What's the matter?
My lord, I love you and I will dare to tell you an important secret.
The queen's in labor and they say she's in great danger.
Sir, you're talking about two of the most respected men in the country.
Good night, my lord.
Sir, I've never won against you before.
You only won a little money, Charles, and won't when my mind is on playing cards.
Now, Lovell, what's the news from the queen?
What?
What did you say?
To pray for her?
Poor lady!
May God deliver the child safely, with an easy labor, and make you happy by giving you an heir!
I hope you have a peaceful night and I will pray for my good queen.
Charles, goodnight.
Well, sir, what is it?
Sir, I have brought the archbishop as you asked.
What, the archbishop of Canterbury?
Yes, my lord.
It's true, I asked to see him.
He's waiting for you, your highness.
This is about the business the bishop told me about.
Empty the room.
I told you what to do.
Get out!
Exeunt LOVELL and DENNY LOVELL and DENNY exit.
I am afraid.
Why does he frown like that?
That's how he looks when he's angry.
Hello, my lord!
You want to know why I sent for you.
It's my duty to do as you wish.
Please, get up, my good lord of Canterbury.
Don't you know what people think about you, what everyone thinks?
May God and you protect me in my innocence, or I'll fall into the trap that's been set for me!
He can't talk through his tears.
Come back: what are you doing?
I can guess what you'll say from looking at you.
Has the queen given birth?
Say yes, and to a boy.
Lovell!
Sir?
Pay her a hundred marks .
I'll go see the queen.
A hundred marks!
I swear I'll get more.
That's what you pay an ordinary groom for taking care of your horse.
I'll get more or keep scolding him till I get it.
Did I say the girl looked like him for this?
Yes, my lord, but I can't help you.
Why?
You have to wait until you're called.
All right.
This is some evil scheme.
I'll show you the strangest sight
What's that, Butts?
I think you've seen in many days.
Goodness, where?
What?
Tell us about this business, secretary.
Your honors, the main reason is the archbishop of Canterbury.
Does he know about it?
Yes.
Who's waiting there?
Outside, my noble lords?
Yes.
Let him in.
You can enter now, your grace.
My lord, we'll hurry this along because we have more important business.
Why, my lord?
Don't I know you're a follower of this new religion?
You are not trustworthy.
Not trustworthy?
Not trustworthy, that's what I said.
I wish you were half as honest as I am trustworthy!
Then men would pray for you, not fear you.
I'll remember this arrogant language.
Do.
Remember your arrogant life too.
This is too much.
I'm done.
So am I.
We have.
What other way do you expect?
You're unusually annoying.
For me?
Must I be led there like a traitor?
Take him and put him safely in the Tower.
Wait, my good lords, I still have a few things to say.
This is the king's ring.
It's not a fake.
My lords, do you think the king will allow even this man's little finger to get hurt?
I was already worried, looking for stories and information against this man who's so honest that the devil and his minions can only envy him, not hurt him.
You were always good at sudden flattery, Bishop of Winchester.
Please, your grace
No, sir, it does not please me.
I thought I had men of some intelligence and wisdom on my council, but I can't see any.
Was it wise, lords, to let this man, this good man  few of you deserve that title  this honest man, wait like a lice covered servant at the door?
A man as important as you are?
What a shameful thing to do!
Did I give you permission to do something so unworthy of you?
My extremely powerful king, please let me tell you our excuses.
We meant to imprison him more, I swear, because we needed to try him and show that we had done so fairly, than out of resentment  at least on my part, I'm sure.
I do it with an honest heart and brotherly love.
Let God be my witness that I am very happy about this confirmation of friendship.
Work in a noose and be hanged, you rogue!
Is this somewhere to roar?
How did they get in, damn you?
I don't know.
You did nothing, sir.
I'll be with you soon, mister dog.
Keep the door closed, you.
What do you want me to do?
What would you do except knock them down by the dozens?
Is this a public field to meet in?
Or do we have some strange Indian with a huge tool visiting court to make the women attack us like this?
Bless me, what a fornicating mob is at the door!
On my Christian conscience, this one thousand; here will be father, godfather, and all together.
The presents will be all the bigger, sir.
Lord, what a crowd is here!
Make room for the princess.
You big fellow, make room or I'll make your head ache.
You in the camel hair cloth, get on the fence or I'll throw you over it.
From your endless supply of goodness, God, send a lucky, long, and happy life to the powerful princess of England, Elizabeth!
Your grace, you, the good queen, my noble fellow godparents, and I pray in this way: may heaven give you all the comfort and joy in this princess that ever made parents happy every hour!
Thank you, lord archbishop.
Elizabeth.
Stand up, lord.
Take my blessing with this kiss.
May God protect you!
Amen.
You say amazing things.
Oh, lord archbishop, now you've made me a man!
Go away!
Go home, you lazy creatures.
Go home!
Why, I’m a carpenter, sir.
Where are your leather apron and ruler?
Why are you wearing your finest clothes?
And you, sir, what’s your job?
Well, sir, compared to a skilled workman, I'm just a cobbler, as you would put it.
But what’s your trade?
Answer me straightforwardly.
What trade, fool?
You good for nothing fool, what trade?
Sir, I beg you, don’t be angry.
Yet, if your soles are worn out, I can mend you.
What do you mean by that?
“Mend” me, you rude man?
Well, cobble you, sir.
You’re a cobbler, are you?
Yes, sir, I make my living through use of an awl.
But why aren’t you in your shop today?
Why are you leading these men through the streets?
Well, sir, to wear out their shoes and get myself more work.
But actually, sir, we took the day off to see Caesar and celebrate his triumph .
Why celebrate it?
What foreign lands has he conquered for Rome to rule?
What foreign princes are chained to his chariot wheels and will earn Rome ransom money?
That should move even these coarse and unrefined men.
They’re leaving, and feel so guilty they can’t speak.
You go that way towards the Capitol , and I’ll go this way.
Undress any statues you see that have been decorated in honor of Caesar.
Can we do that?
You know it’s the feast of Lupercal .
It doesn’t matter.
None of the statues should be decorated in honor to Caesar.
Calphurnia!
Hey, quiet down!
Caesar speaks.
Calphurnia!
Here I am, my lord.
Stand directly in Antonius’ path as he runs the race.
Antonius!
Yes, my lord Caesar?
I will remember.
When Caesar says “do this,” it is done.
Go on, then, and don’t leave out any of the proper rituals.
Caesar!
Hey!
Who’s calling me?
Everyone, be quiet!
Again, quiet!
Who is it in the crowd that’s calling me?
I hear a voice that's shriller than any of this music, calling out “Caesar!
” Speak.
Caesar is listening.
Beware March th .
Who is saying that?
A soothsayer tells you to beware March th.
Bring him to me.
Let me see his face.
Man, step out of the crowd.
Stand before Caesar.
What are you saying to me now?
Say it again.
Beware March th.
He’s crazy.
Let’s leave him.
Continue on!
Are you going to come watch the race?
Not me.
Please, come and watch it.
I’m not feeling festive.
I lack some of Antony’s lively, competitive spirit.
But don’t let me stop you from doing what you want, Cassius.
I’ll leave you alone.
Cassius, don’t be fooled.
If I seem unfriendly, it’s because my troubled looks are actually directed at myself.
No, Cassius, because the eye can’t see itself, except in reflections on other surfaces.
That’s a fact.
Cassius, what dangers do you want to lead me into, by asking me to look inside myself for something that isn't in me?
Be prepared to listen, good Brutus.
And since you know the best way to see yourself is by reflection, I'll act as your mirror and show to you the parts of yourself of which you are unaware, without exaggerating.
Don’t be suspicious of what I say, noble Brutus.
What is the meaning of this shouting?
I fear the people have made Caesar their king.
Really, do you fear that?
Then I must guess that you don’t want that to happen.
I don’t, Cassius, even though I love Caesar dearly.
But why do you keep me here so long?
What is it that you want to tell me?
More shouting from the crowd!
I think this applause is for some new honor given to Caesar.
Why, sir, he straddles the narrow world like a giant, and we petty men walk under his huge legs and peek out just to find our graves, as if we were slaves.
Men can be masters of their fate.
I do not doubt that you love me.
I’m starting to understand what you would like me to do.
I'll tell you what I think about this and about what’s happening in Rome later.
For the moment  in the name of our friendship  I would prefer that you not try to do any more persuading.
I’ll think over what you’ve said; I’ll listen patiently to whatever else you have to say; and I’ll find an appropriate time for us to consider and make a decision about such weighty matters.
Until then, my noble friend, think about this: I would rather be some villager than call myself a citizen of Rome during the difficult situation these times are likely to put us through.
I’m glad that my weak words have forced even this small show of passion from you.
The games are finished, and Caesar is returning.
I’ll do so.
Casca will tell us what's happened.
Antonio.
Caesar.
I want the men around me to be fat, well groomed men who sleep soundly through the night.
Cassius over there has a lean and hungry look.
He thinks too much.
Men like that are dangerous.
Don’t be afraid of him, Caesar.
He's not dangerous.
He’s a noble Roman with an honorable character.
If only he were fatter!
But I’m not afraid of him.
Yet, if I myself were capable of fear, I don’t know of any man I would avoid more than skinny Cassius.
He reads a lot.
He’s a skilled observer, and he sees the hidden motives behind men’s actions.
He doesn’t enjoy plays like you do, Antony.
He never listens to music.
You pulled on my cloak.
Do you want to speak with me?
Yes, Casca.
Tell us what happened today that made Caesar seem so unhappy.
Well, weren’t you with him?
If I were with him, I wouldn’t be asking what happened.
Well, a crown was offered to him, and, when it was offered, he pushed it away with the back of his hand, like this and then the people started shouting.
What was the second noise for?
For that same thing.
They shouted three times.
What was the last cry for?
For the same thing.
The crown was offered to him three times?
Who offered him the crown?
Antony.
Tell us what it was like, noble Casca.
I'd just as soon be hanged than describe it!
It was all foolishness.
I paid no attention.
I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown though it wasn’t a real crown, it was more like a wreath and, as I told you, Caesar refused it once.
Stop for a moment, please.
What, did Caesar faint?
He fell down in the marketplace and foamed at the mouth and couldn't speak.
That’s very likely.
He has epilepsy, the falling sickness.
No, Caesar doesn’t have it.
But you and I, and honest Casca, we have the falling sickness.
What did he say when he woke up?
Well, before he fell down  when he realized the commoners were glad he refused the crown  he pulled open his jacket and offered them his throat to cut.
And after all that he came this way looking so serious?
Yes.
Did Cicero say anything?
Yes, he said something in Greek.
What did he say?
Will you have dinner with me tonight, Casca?
No, I have another commitment.
Will you dine with me tomorrow?
Yes, if I’m still alive, and you’re still sane, and your dinner is worth eating.
Good.
I’ll expect you.
Do that.
Farewell to both of you.
What a dull man he’s become!
He was so quick witted when he was in school.
And he’s quick witted now when it comes to carrying out any bold or noble enterprise, despite this show of being dull.
That’s it exactly.
For now, I’ll leave you.
Tomorrow, if you’d like to speak with me, I’ll come to your house.
Or, if you want, come to my house, and I’ll wait for you.
I’ll do that.
Until then, think of what’s best for the world.
Well, Brutus, you’re noble.
Yet I see that your honorable nature can be turned from its usual inclination.
Therefore, it's better for noble men to spend time only with other noble men, because who is so firm that he can’t be seduced?
Caesar doesn't like me, but he loves Brutus.
If I were Brutus now and he were Cassius, I wouldn’t have let him persuade me.
Tonight I’ll throw a few letters through his window each written with different handwriting, as if they came from different citizens all saying how great his reputation is throughout all of Rome, while also hinting at Caesar’s ambition.
Good evening, Casca.
Did you walk Caesar home?
Why are you breathless?
And why are you looking around like that?
Aren’t you disturbed when the entire earth shakes as if it were unsteady?
Yes, these are strange times.
But men often interpret things for their own purposes, and misunderstand the actual meaning of the things themselves.
Is Caesar coming to the Capitol tomorrow?
Good night then, Casca.
This angry weather isn’t something to walk around in.
Farewell, Cicero CICERO exits.
Who’s there?
A Roman.
Casca, I recognize your voice.
Your ear is good.
Cassius, what a night this is!
It’s a very pleasing night to honest men.
Who’s ever seen the heavens seem so threatening as this?
Those who have known how bad things are here on earth.
I have walked around the streets, exposing myself to the perilous night, with my jacket unbuttoned like this, baring my chest to the thunderbolt, as you see, Casca.
When the forked blue lightning seemed to break open the sky, I put myself right where I thought it would hit.
But why would you tempt the heavens that way?
Men are supposed to be afraid and tremble when the mightiest gods send such dreadful signs to warn and shock us.
It’s Caesar you’re talking about.
Isn’t it, Cassius?
Don’t worry about who it is.
Romans today may have the same strong bodies as our ancestors.
I know where I’ll wear this dagger if that happens.
I’ll free myself from slavery by killing myself.
Oh, you gods, through suicide you make weak become strong.
Through suicide, you gods, you can defeat tyrants.
So can I.
Every imprisoned man holds in his own hand the ability to escape his captivity.
So then how can Caesar have become a tyrant?
Poor man!
I know he wouldn’t be a wolf if he didn't see that the Romans were such sheep.
He would not be a lion if the Romans weren’t deer.
Someone who wants to make a big fire quickly starts with little twigs.
You’re speaking to Casca, not some smirking tattletale.
Take my hand.
If you’re forming a faction that will right all of these wrongs, I’ll go just as far as the one of you who will go the farthest.
You’ve got a deal.
Now you should know, Casca, that I’ve already persuaded some of the noblest Romans to join me in an effort that is at once honorable and dangerous.
Hide for a bit someone is rushing toward us.
It’s Cinna.
I recognize him by the way he walks.
He is a friend.
Cinna, where are you rushing to?
To find you.
Who’s that?
Metellus Cimber?
No, it’s Casca, who is an ally in our efforts.
Are the others waiting for me, Cinna?
I’m glad to hear it.
What a frightening night this is!
There are two or three of us who have seen strange sights.
Are the others waiting for me?
Tell me.
Yes, they are.
Oh, Cassius, if you could just persuade noble Brutus to join us
Don’t worry.
Good Cinna, take this paper and put it in the judge’s chair where Brutus sits so he will find it.
And throw this one in through his window.
Attach this one with wax to the statue of Brutus’ ancestor, Old Brutus.
When all this is done, return to the lobby of Pompey’s theater, where you will find us.
Are Decius Brutus and Trebonius there?
Everyone but Metellus Cimber, and he’s gone to look for you at your house.
Well, I’ll get going, and do what you've asked me to do with these papers.
When you’re done, return to Pompey’s theater.
You’re completely right about both Brutus’ nobility and our need for him.
Let’s go, because it’s already after midnight, and before it’s day we must wake him and make sure he’s with us.
Hello, Lucius, where are you?
I can’t tell by the position of the stars how near it is to dawn.
Lucius, where are you?
I wish I had the weakness of sleeping too deeply.
Come, Lucius, come!
Wake up, I say!
Lucius!
You called, my lord?
Put a candle in my study, Lucius.
When it’s lit, come here and get me.
I will, my lord.
The candle is lit in your study, sir.
Go back to bed again.
It’s not daytime yet.
Boy ,isn’t tomorrow March th?
I don’t know, sir.
Check the calendar and let me know.
I will, sir.
The meteors whizzing in the sky give so much light that I can read by them.
“Brutus, you’re sleeping.
Wake up and see yourself for who you are.
Will Rome … et cetera.
Speak, strike, right the wrongs!
” “Brutus, you’re sleeping.
Wake up.
” I’ve come upon many other encouragements like these, left in places where I would find them.
“Is Rome going to … et cetera.
Sir, fifteen days of March have passed.
That’s good.
Go to the gate.
Somebody’s knocking.
I haven’t slept since Cassius began to turn me against Caesar.
Sir, it’s your brother in law Cassius at the door.
Is he alone?
No, sir.
Do you know them?
No, sir.
Their hats are pulled down over their ears and their faces are half hidden behind their cloaks, so I can’t make out any features to identify them.
Let them come in.
It’s the faction that wants to kill Caesar.
Oh, conspiracy, are you ashamed to show your face even at night, when evil things are most at liberty?
If so, when it’s day, where are you going to find a cave dark enough to hide your monstrous face?
No, don’t bother to find a cave, conspiracy.
Instead, hide your true face behind smiles and friendliness.
If you went ahead and exposed your true face, hell itself wouldn’t be dark enough to keep you from being found and stopped.
I think we may be interrupting your sleep.
Good morning, Brutus.
Are we bothering you?
I was up.
I’ve been awake all night.
He’s welcome here.
This is Decius Brutus.
He’s welcome too.
This is Casca.
This is Cinna.
And this is Metellus Cimber.
They are all welcome.
What nagging worries have stopped you from sleeping tonight?
May I have a private word with you?
Here’s the east.
Is that the break of day I see?
No.
You’ll both soon admit that you are mistaken.
Here, where I point my sword, the sun rises  way over toward the south, since it’s still so early in the year.
Give me your hands, all of you, one by one.
Now we should swear to our resolve.
No, no swearing.
But what about Cicero?
Should we get a sense of his thoughts?
I think he will strongly support us.
Let’s not leave him out.
No, by no means.
No, don’t bring him up.
We shouldn’t speak with him, because he’ll never follow anything that other men have started.
Then leave him out.
Indeed, he’s not a good fit for this.
Should Caesar be the only one we target?
Good point, Decius.
I think it would be a bad idea to allow Mark Antony to outlive Caesar, since Caesar loves Antony so dearly.
We’ll find that he is a cunning schemer.
Caius Cassius, it will seem too bloody if we cut off Caesar’s head and then also hack off his arms and legs because Mark Antony is just one of Caesar’s arms.
Alas, good Cassius, don’t think about him.
If Antony loves Caesar, then he can only hurt himself by falling into despair and dying for Caesar.
And he’s not likely to do even that, because he enjoys sports, excitement, and parties too much.
There’s nothing to fear from him.
Quiet!
Count the chimes of the clock.
The clock struck three.
It’s time for us to go.
But it's still not certain that Caesar will leave his house today.
He’s become superstitious lately  a total shift from the opinions he used to hold about fortune tellers, dream interpreters, and rites meant to tell the future.
It might be that these strange omens, the unusual terror of this night, and the advice of his fortune tellers will stop him from coming to the Capitol today.
Don’t worry about that.
If that's what he's planning, I can persuade him otherwise.
No, we’ll all go there to bring him.
By eight o'clock.
Is that the latest we can do it?
Let’s make that the latest, but be sure not to arrive any later.
Caius Ligarius doesn’t like Caesar, who berated him for saying nice things about Pompey.
I’m surprised that none of you thought about including him.
Good Metellus, go to see him.
He likes me very much, as I’ve always been good to him.
Send him here and I’ll persuade him.
The morning comes.
We’ll leave you, Brutus.
And friends, go your separate ways.
But all of you: remember what you’ve said and prove yourselves to be true Romans.
Good gentlemen, look happy and well rested.
Boy!
Lucius!
Fast asleep?
No matter.
Enjoy the sweet nectar of sleep.
You don’t suffer from the phantoms or fantasies which the cares of the world bring to all men.
That’s why you sleep so soundly.
Brutus, my lord.
Portia, why are you here?
Why have you woken up so early?
It's not good for your health to expose your weak body to the raw, cold morning.
It's not good for yours, either.
You rudely snuck out of our bed, Brutus.
I’m not feeling well, that’s all.
And that’s what I’m doing.
Good Portia, go to bed.
Are you sick?
And is it good for your health to walk outside with an open jacket and breathe in the dampness of the morning?
Don’t kneel, noble Portia.
I wouldn’t need to kneel if you were acting nobly, Brutus.
Tell me, Brutus, don’t the bonds of our marriage mean that I am supposed to know all the secrets that concern you?
Am I part of you only in a limited sense getting to eat meals with you, sleep with you, and talk to you sometimes?
Do I exist only on the borders of your happiness?
If it’s only that, then I’m your whore, not your wife.
You’re my true and honorable wife, as precious to me as the blood that runs through my sad heart.
If that were true, then I’d know your secret.
Oh, gods, make me worthy of this noble wife!
Listen, listen!
Someone knocks.
Lucius, who’s that knocking?
Here’s a sick man who’d like to speak with you.
Caius Ligarius, whom Metellus spoke of.
Boy, stand aside.
Caius Ligarius, what is going on?
Please accept this greeting of “good morning” from a sick man.
Oh, what a time you’ve chosen to get ill, brave Caius!
I wish you were not sick!
Brutus, I’m not sick if you have something for me to do   something that is worthy of being called honorable.
Ligarius, I do have just such a thing for you to do, if you are feeling well enough to hear about it.
By all the gods that Romans worship, I now throw away my sickness!
A bit of work that will make sick men healthy.
But aren’t there some healthy men whom we’ll have to make sick?
We must also do that.
My dear Caius, I’ll explain what we have to do as we walk toward the one to whom it must be done.
Start walking, and I’ll follow you, with my heart newly full of fire.
Follow me, then.
Neither the sky nor the earth have been at peace tonight.
Three times Calphurnia cried out in her sleep, “Help, help!
They’re murdering Caesar!
”  Who’s there?
My lord?
Go tell the priests to sacrifice an animal to the gods, and bring me their interpretation of the results.
I will, my lord.
What is this, Caesar?
Do you think you’re going to go outside?
You’re not leaving this house today.
I will go out.
The things that threaten me have never seen anything but my back.
When they see Caesar's face, they will disappear.
Caesar, I never paid attention to omens, but now they frighten me.
One of our servants told me that  in addition to the things that we have heard and seen  the night  watchmen have also seen horrid things.
A lioness gave birth in the streets, and graves opened wide and let out their dead.
Fierce, fiery warriors fought in the clouds in ranks and squadrons  the usual military formations  until blood drizzled down from the sky onto the Capitol.
Who can avoid what the gods want to happen?
When beggars die, no comets appear in the sky.
The heavens only light up to announce the deaths of princes.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
The brave only die once.
What do the priests say?
They don’t want you to go out today.
When they pulled out the insides of the holy sacrifice, they found no heart within the animal.
The gods do this to teach me to be ashamed of my cowardice.
They’re saying I would be an animal without a heart if I stayed home today out of fear.
So, Caesar won’t stay home, then.
Danger knows very well that Caesar is more dangerous than he is.
Alas, my lord, your arrogance is overwhelming your wisdom.
Don’t go out today.
Say that it’s my fear that keeps you inside, and not your own.
We’ll send Mark Antony to the Senate, and he’ll say that you’re not feeling well today.
Here on my knees, let me convince you.
Mark Antony will say I’m not well, and I will stay at home for your sake.
Here’s Decius Brutus.
He’ll tell them that I'll stay home.
Hail, Caesar!
Good morning, noble Caesar.
I’ve come to escort you to the Senate.
And you’ve come at just the right time, so you can carry my greetings to the senators and tell them I won’t come today.
Say he’s sick.
Would Caesar send a lie?
Have I been so victorious in battle, but am now afraid to tell the truth to some old men?
Decius, go tell them that Caesar won’t come.
Most mighty Caesar, tell me some reason, so I won’t be laughed at when I tell them.
The reason is that's what I want to do.
I’m not coming.
That’s enough to satisfy the senators.
But because I like you, I'll tell you for your personal satisfaction.
My wife Calphurnia has asked me to stay home.
She dreamed last night that she saw a statue of me, that was streaming pure blood, like a fountain with a hundred spouts.
And many happy Romans came smiling and washed their hands in it.
Calphurnia thinks the dreams are warnings and omens of approaching evil, and she begged me on her knees to stay home today.
This dream has been interpreted all wrong.
It was a wonderful, lucky vision.
This is a very good interpretation.
How foolish your fears seem now, Calphurnia!
I’m ashamed that I gave in to them.
Give me my robe.
And look, here’s Publius, coming to get me.
Good morning, Caesar.
Welcome, Publius.
What, Brutus?
Are you awake this early too?
Caesar, the clock has struck eight.
I thank you for your trouble and courtesy.
Even Antony  who parties all night long  is awake.
Good morning, Antony.
The same to you, most noble Caesar.
Tell them to set up the other room for guests.
It's my fault you all must wait for me.
Now, Cinna.
Now, Metellus.
Well, Trebonius, I need an hour to discuss something with you.
Remember to come see me today.
Stay near me so I’ll remember.
Caesar, I will.
I’ll be so near that your best friends will wish I’d been further away.
Good friends, come in and have some wine with me.
And we will leave together right after that, like friends.
Oh Caesar, that we are only “like” friends makes my heart grieve when I think of it.
“Caesar, beware of Brutus.
Pay attention to Cassius.
Stay away from Casca.
Keep an eye on Cinna.
Don’t trust Trebonius.
Take note of Metellus Cimber.
Decius Brutus doesn’t love you.
You’ve wronged Caius Ligarius.
All these men share just one thought, and it’s aimed against Caesar.
If you are not immortal, look around you.
A sense of security makes you vulnerable to conspiracy.
May the mighty gods protect you!
Boy, I beg you to run to the Senate House.
Don’t stand there to respond get going.
Why are you still here?
To find out what I'm supposed to do, madam.
I want you there and back again before I can even tell you what you should do there.
Oh, willpower, support me so that I do not say what I know in my heart!
I have a man’s mind, but only a woman’s strength.
How hard it is for women to keep secrets!
Are you still here?
Madam, what should I do?
Run to the Capitol and nothing else?
And then return to you, and nothing else?
Yes, boy: bring me news of whether your master looks well, because he looked sick when he left.
And pay attention to what Caesar does and who is standing close to him.
Listen, boy!
What’s that noise?
I hear nothing, madam.
I beg you, listen well.
Truly, madam, I don’t hear anything.
Come here, man.
Where are you coming from?
From my own house, good lady.
What time is it?
Around nine o'clock, lady.
Has Caesar gone to the Capitol yet?
Not yet, madam.
I’m going to find a place to stand so I can see him pass on his way to the Capitol.
You have some request for Caesar, don’t you?
I do, lady.
If it pleases Caesar to do himself the favor of listening to me, I’ll beg him to do what’s good for him.
Why, do you know of any harm intended toward him?
Nothing that I know for sure, but there's a lot that I fear may happen.
Good morning to you.
The street is narrow here.
The mob that follows after Caesar senators, judges, commoners asking for favors will squeeze a feeble man almost to death.
I’ll find a place that is less crowded and speak to great Caesar there as he walks past.
I must go inside.
Oh my, a woman’s heart is such a weak thing!
Oh Brutus, may the gods help you in your efforts!
Surely, the boy heard me.
Brutus has a claim that Caesar won’t grant.
Oh, I'm getting faint.
Run, Lucius, and give my greetings to my lord.
Say that I’m happy.
Then return to me and tell me what he says to you.
March th has come.
Yes, Caesar, but the day is not over.
Hail, Caesar!
Read this letter.
Trebonius would like you to read his humble request for help, when you have the time.
Oh, Caesar, read mine first, for my letter actually pertains to you.
Read it, great Caesar.
I will leave whatever pertains to me for last.
Don’t delay, Caesar.
Read it immediately.
What, is this man crazy?
Sir , stand aside.
I hope your efforts succeed today.
What efforts, Popillius?
Good luck.
What did Popillius Lena say?
He wished that our efforts would succeed today.
I’m afraid our plans have been discovered.
Look, he’s approaching Caesar.
Watch him.
Be quick, Casca, because we're afraid our plans might be stopped.
Cassius, be calm.
Popillius Lena isn't telling Caesar about our plot.
Look, he’s smiling, and Caesar’s expression hasn't changed.
Trebonius knows what he should do.
Look, Brutus, he’s guiding Mark Antony out of the way.
TREBONIUS and ANTONY exit.
Where’s Metellus Cimber?
He should go now to present his petition to Caesar.
They’re speaking to him.
Move up close and second his petition.
Casca, you raise your hand first.
Are we all ready?
What are the problems that Caesar and his senate should deal with?
Most high, most mighty, and most powerful Caesar, Metellus Cimber kneels before you with a humble heart
I must stop you, Cimber.
Your kneeling and overly humble courtesies might flatter ordinary men to turn Roman law into some kind of child's game.
But don’t be so foolish as to think that you can influence Caesar to do something that is not right through the tricks that persuade fools flattery, low bows, and pathetic dog like fawning.
Your brother was banished by decree.
If you kneel and beg and flatter for him, I’ll kick you like a dog out of my way.
Is there no voice worthier than my own to sweetly ask the great Caesar to repeal the banishment of my brother?
Caesar, I kiss your hand, but not in flattery, as I also want you to repeal Publius Cimber’s banishment immediately.
What, Brutus?
Caesar, pardon Publius.
Caesar, pardon him.
I throw myself down at your feet to beg that Publius Cimber regain his citizenship.
I could be influenced if I were like you.
If I could beg others to change their minds, begging would convince me, too.
But I’m as steady as the northern star, whose stable and immobile quality has no equal in the sky.
The skies are filled with countless stars.
Oh, Caesar
Enough!
Would you try to lift up Mount Olympus ?
Great Caesar
Why are you kneeling, when even Brutus' kneeling is in vain?
Hands, speak for me!
And you too, Brutus?
Then die, Caesar.
Liberty!
Freedom!
Tyranny is dead!
Run and shout it out in the streets.
People and Senators, don’t be afraid.
Don’t leave.
Stay here.
Caesar alone had to die for his ambition.
Go to the platform, Brutus.
And Cassius too.
Where’s Publius?
Here, shocked by this rebellion.
Stand close together, in case some friend of Caesar tries
Don’t talk about standing together.
Publius, cheer up.
We don’t mean any harm to you, or to any other Roman.
Tell the people this, Publius.
And leave us, Publius, in case the people should rush at us and harm you.
Leave us.
Let no man suffer the consequences of deed except we who did it.
Where’s Antony?
He ran to his house, stunned.
Men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and run around as if it were doomsday.
We'll soon discover what the Fates want to happen to us.
We already know that we'll all die one day.
It's just a matter of when.
Why, he who shortens his own life by twenty years also cuts off twenty years of worrying about death.
If you look at it that way, then death becomes a gift.
This makes us Caesar’s friends, since we've shortened the time he would have spent fearing death.
Kneel, then, and wash.
How many years from now will this epic scene be reenacted in countries that don’t yet exist, and in languages not yet known?
How many times will Caesar bleed in plays about this moment, just as he now lies beneath Pompey’s statue as worthless as dust?
And every time that the play is shown, the group of us will be acclaimed as "the men who gave their country liberty.  "
Well, should we go out?
Yes, every man should go.
Brutus will lead the way, and we’ll follow him with the boldest and best hearts of Rome.
Wait!
Who’s coming?
A friend of Antony’s.
Brutus, my master told me to kneel just like this.
Your master is a wise and brave Roman.
I never thought otherwise.
Tell him that if he wants to come here, he'll get a full explanation, and he’ll leave unharmed.
I’ll get him now.
I know that we'll soon have Antony as a good friend to us.
I hope we do.
But still, I fear him greatly, and my misgivings usually end up coming painfully true.
But here comes Antony.
Welcome, Mark Antony.
Oh, mighty Caesar!
Do you lie so low?
Are all of your conquests, glories, triumphs, and successes now shrunk to such little value?
Farewell.
Gentlemen, I don’t know what you plan to do; who else you must kill; who else you think is corrupt.
If it’s me, there’s no time as fitting as this hour of Caesar’s death, and no weapons even half as worthy as your swords   which have been made rich by being covered in the noblest blood in the whole world.
I beg you, if you have a grudge against me, do what you want to do right now while your stained hands still smell of blood.
Oh, Antony, don’t beg us to kill you.
Though we must seem to be bloody and cruel right now to you  with our bloody hands and what we've just done  you’re only seeing our hands and the bloody work they've done.
You have not seen into our hearts.
They are full of pity for Caesar.
Your influence will be as strong as anyone’s in the selection of new government officials.
I don’t doubt your wisdom.
May each of you give me his bloody hand.
First, Marcus Brutus, I will shake your hand.
Next, Caius Cassius, I take your hand.
Now, Decius Brutus, yours.
Now yours, Metellus.
Yours, Cinna.
And, my valiant Casca, yours.
Though I shake your hand last, I do not love you the least, good Trebonius.
All of you gentlemen, alas, what can I say?
Mark Antony
Pardon me, Caius Cassius.
Even the enemies of Caesar would say the same.
I don’t blame you for praising Caesar as you do.
But what agreement do you plan to make with us?
Because I wanted to be your friend, I shook your hands.
But, indeed, I was distracted when I looked down at Caesar.
If we couldn't, killing him would have been just some savage act!
Antony, our reasons are so well thought out that even if you were Caesar’s son, you would be satisfied by them.
You may, Mark Antony.
Brutus, may I speak with you?
You don’t know what you’re doing.
Don’t agree to let Antony speak at his funeral.
Do you know how much the people could be stirred up by what he says?
Anything could happen.
I don’t like this.
Mark Antony, here, take Caesar’s body.
You will not blame us in your funeral speech, but will say all the good you can think of about Caesar.
And you will also say that you do all this with our permission.
So be it.
I want nothing more than that.
Prepare the body, then, and follow us.
Oh, pardon me, you bleeding corpse, for being quiet and friendly with these butchers!
You are the remains of the noblest man that ever lived.
May disaster strike the hand that shed this priceless blood.
Over your wounds which, like speechless mouths, open their red lips as if to beg me to speak I predict that a curse will come down on us.
Anger between brothers and fierce civil war will burden all of Italy.
You serve Octavius Caesar, right?
I do, Mark Antony.
Caesar wrote to him that he should come to Rome.
He received Caesar’s letters and is coming.
He told me to say to you personally  Oh, Caesar!
Your heart swells with sadness.
Go find some privacy and weep.
He is resting tonight within twenty miles of Rome.
Ride quickly back to him, and tell him what has happened.
This is now a Rome in mourning, a dangerous Rome.
A Rome that is not safe for Octavius yet.
Get going and tell him so.
We demand answers!
Give us answers!
Then follow me and listen to what I say, friends.
Cassius, go on to the next street.
Split up the crowd.
Let those who want to hear me speak stay Of Caesar’s death.
I’ll listen to Brutus.
I’ll listen to Cassius, and later we'll compare what they've said.
Noble Brutus has walked up to the platform.
Quiet!
Please be calm until I finish.
Romans, countrymen, and friends!
Listen to the reasons for my actions, and be silent so you can hear.
Do me the honor of believing me, and know that, upon my honor, you can believe me.
Be wise in your judgment of me, and keep your minds alert so that you can judge me wisely.
If there’s anyone in this assembly, any dear friend of Caesar’s, I say to him that my love for Caesar was no less than his.
If, then, that friend demands to know why I rose up against Caesar, this is my answer: it’s not that I loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more.
Would you prefer that Caesar were living, and we would all one day die as slaves?
No one, Brutus, no one.
Then I have offended no one.
I’ve done no more to Caesar than you would do to me.
The reasons for his death are on record in the Capitol.
His glory has not been reduced where he earned it, nor have the offenses for which he was killed been exaggerated.
Live, Brutus!
Live, live!
Let’s carry him in triumph to his house!
Let’s build a statue of him, near those of his ancestors!
Let him become Caesar!
We will crown Brutus, who has all of Caesar’s better qualities.
We’ll carry him to his house with shouts and celebration!
My countrymen
Quiet!
Silence!
Hey, quiet!
Good countrymen, let me leave on my own.
And, for my sake, stay here with Antony.
Give honor to Caesar’s corpse, as well as to Antony’s speech about Caesar’s glories  which we have given him our permission to make.
I beg that none of you leave until Antony has spoken, except for me.
We'll stay!
Let us listen to Mark Antony.
Let him walk up to the platform.
We’ll listen to him.
Noble Antony, mount the platform.
For Brutus’ sake, I am indebted to you.
What does he say about Brutus?
He says that for Brutus’ sake he finds himself indebted to us all.
He’d better not say anything bad about Brutus here.
Caesar was a tyrant.
That’s for sure.
We’re lucky that Rome is rid of him.
Quiet!
Let’s hear what Antony has to say.
You noble Romans
Hey, quiet!
Let us hear him.
Friends, Romans, countrymen: give me a moment of your attention.
I’ve come here to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
I think that a lot of what he's saying makes sense.
If you think about it the right way, Caesar has been badly wronged.
Has he, good sirs?
I worry that someone worse than Caesar will come to replace him.
Did you listen to Antony's words?
Caesar wouldn’t take the crown.
Therefore it’s certain that he wasn’t ambitious.
If it can be proven that he wasn't, certain people will pay dearly for all this.
Poor man!
Antony’s eyes are fiery red from weeping.
There's not a nobler man than Antony in Rome.
Now pay attention to him.
He’s starting to speak again.
Just yesterday, no one in the world would have stood against Caesar's commands.
Now he lies there dead, and no one is so humble as to show him respect.
Oh, sirs, if I were trying to stir your hearts and minds to rage and rebellion, I would be doing wrong to Brutus and Cassius  who, as you all know, are honorable men.
I will not do them wrong.
I choose rather to wrong the dead, and wrong myself and you, than wrong such honorable men.
But here’s a paper with Caesar’s seal on it.
We want to hear the will.
Read it, Mark Antony!
The will, the will!
We want to hear Caesar’s will.
Have patience, noble friends.
I must not read it.
It's not right for you to know how much Caesar loved you.
You're not wood, you're not stones.
Read the will.
We want to hear it, Antony.
You must read us the will, Caesar’s will.
Will you be patient?
Will you wait a while?
I’ve said too much in telling you about it.
I’m afraid that I wrong the honorable men whose daggers have stabbed Caesar.
I really fear it.
They were traitors, these so called “honorable men!
”
The will!
The testament!
They were villains, murderers.
The will!
Read the will!
So you'll force me to read the will?
Then form a circle around Caesar’s corpse, and let me show you the man who made this will.
Shall I come down?
Will you allow me to?
Come down.
Come down.
We’ll allow you.
A circle!
Form a circle!
Stand back from the hearse.
Stand back from the body.
Make room for Antony, most noble Antony!
No, don’t press up against me.
Stand further away.
Stand back.
Give him room.
Move back.
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
You all know this cloak.
I remember the first time Caesar ever put it on.
It was a summer evening in his tent, on the day he defeated the Nervii warriors.
Look, this is the place where Cassius’s dagger cut through it.
See the rip that the envious Casca made.
The much beloved Brutus stabbed him through this hole.
And when Brutus yanked out his cursed dagger, see how Caesar’s blood followed after it  as if rushing out a door to see for sure if it was Brutus knocking so rudely.
For Brutus was Caesar’s angel, as you know.
Oh gods, how dearly Caesar loved him!
This was the cruelest cut of all.
When the noble Caesar saw him stab, it was Brutus' ingratitude more than the traitors' weapons that overwhelmed him.
Oh, what a heartbreaking sight!
Oh, noble Caesar!
Oh, what a sad day!
Oh, traitors, villains!
Oh, most bloody sight!
We will get revenge.
Revenge!
Look around.
Find them!
Burn!
Set fire!
Kill!
Slay!
Leave no traitors alive!
Wait, countrymen.
Quiet there!
Listen to the noble Antony.
We’ll listen to him.
We’ll follow him.
We’ll die with him.
We’ll revolt.
We’ll burn Brutus’ house.
Let’s go, then!
Come, find the conspirators!
Wait, and listen to me, countrymen.
Quiet!
Wait!
Listen to Antony.
Why, friends, you don’t know what you’re doing.
What has Caesar done to deserve your love?
Alas, you don’t know.
I must tell you then.
You’ve forgotten the will I told you about.
That's true.
The will!
Let’s stay and hear the will!
Most noble Caesar!
We’ll revenge his death.
Oh, royal Caesar!
Listen to me with patience.
Quiet!
In addition, he’s left you all of his walkways, his private gardens, and newly planted orchards, on this side of the Tiber River.
He has left them to you and to your heirs forever public parks where you can wander and relax.
Here was a Caesar!
When will there be another like him?
Never, never.
Come, let’s go, let's go!
We’ll burn his body in the holy place, and use the torches to set fire to the traitors' houses.
Lift up the body.
Go get some fire.
Go get some benches for wood.
Rip down doors, windowsills, anything.
Now let it work.
Mischief, you are on the loose.
Follow whatever path you want!
What’s going on?
Sir, Octavius has already arrived in Rome.
Where is he?
He and Lepidus are at Caesar’s house.
I'll go straight there to visit him.
He comes just when I hoped he would.
Fortune is happy and will give us anything in this mood.
I heard Octavius say that Brutus and Cassius rode their horses like madmen to escape through the gates of Rome.
They probably got some warning of how much I stirred up the people.
Bring me to Octavius.
I dreamed last night that I was feasting with Caesar, and ominous signs filled my mind.
I have no desire to walk around outdoors, yet something leads me out.
What’s your name?
Where are you going?
Where do you live?
Are you married or single?
Answer each one of us right now.
Yes, and quickly.
Yes, and wisely.
Yes, and be truthful, or else.
What’s my name?
Where am I going?
Where do I live?
Am I married or single?
Then, to answer every man quickly, wisely, and truthfully wisely, I say, I am single.
That's like saying that anyone who marries is a fool.
I'm afraid you’ll get a beating from me for that.
Continue, right now.
Right now, I’m going to Caesar’s funeral.
As a friend or an enemy?
As a friend.
He answered that question straightforwardly.
And where do you live quickly.
Quickly, I live near the Capitol.
Tell us your name, sir, truthfully.
Truthfully, my name is Cinna.
Tear him to pieces.
He’s a conspirator.
I am Cinna the poet.
I am Cinna the poet.
Tear him apart for his bad poetry.
Tear him apart for his bad poetry.
I am not Cinna the conspirator.
It doesn’t matter.
His name’s Cinna.
Rip only his name out of his heart, and send him away.
Tear him apart, tear him apart!
These are the ones who will be killed.
Their names are marked.
Your brother must die, too.
Do you agree, Lepidus?
I agree
Mark him down, Antony.
On the condition that your sister's son, Publius, also must not be allowed to live, Mark Antony.
He will not live.
See with this mark I've sentenced him to death.
But, Lepidus, go now to Caesar’s house.
Bring his will here, and we’ll figure out a way to reduce his gifts to the people.
Will you be here when I get back?
We'll either be here or at the Capitol.
He’s an insignificant, and unworthy man  only fit to be sent on errands.
You thought so.
Besides, you listened to his opinion about who we should mark for death.
Octavius, I’ve lived longer than you have.
You can do whatever you want, but he’s an experienced and brave soldier.
So is my horse, Octavius, and for that reason I give him a supply of food.
Halt!
Hey, pass on the command to halt.
What’s going on, Lucillius?
Is Cassius nearby?
He’s close by, and Pindarus has come to greet you on his master's behalf.
He has sent a noble man to greet me.
I don't doubt that my noble master will prove himself to be what he is: respectful and honorable.
I don’t doubt him.
Lucillius, can I speak with you?
Please tell me, how did Cassius greet you?
You’ve described a formerly good friend who’s now cooling off.
Note this, Lucillius: when a love starts to fade and wither, what remains is strained formality.
There are no tricks hiding behind plain and simple friendship.
But when the going gets tough, they drop their necks and fail the test, like the poor horse they truly are.
Is Cassius' army approaching?
They plan to spend the night in Sardis .
The larger part, including all the cavalry, are coming with Cassius.
Look!
He’s arrived.
March to meet him slowly, without hostility.
Halt!
Halt!
Pass along the order.
Halt!
Halt!
Halt!
Most noble brother, you have done me wrong.
May the gods judge me, then!
Do I mistreat my enemies?
Brutus, this dignified manner of yours hides the fact that you’ve wronged me.
And when you do these wrongs
Cassius, keep calm.
Pindarus, tell our commanders to lead their soldiers a little ways away from this spot.
Lucillius, you do the same.
And don’t let any man come near our tent until we’ve finished our conversation.
Have Lucius and Titinius guard the door.
You wronged yourself to write in support of such a man.
In a time like this, it is not appropriate to focus on every little offense.
Let me tell you, Cassius, that you yourself are often accused of being corrupt, of selling positions in your army to undeserving men.
Me, “corrupt!
” You know that if you were not Brutus, then I swear by the gods, that speech would have been your last.
Cassius, your honorable reputation masks this corruption, and so it is not condemned.
Condemned!
Remember March.
March th.
Brutus, don’t hassle me.
I won’t take it.
You’re forgetting yourself if you think you can limit my authority.
I’m a soldier, more experienced than you, and better able to decide how to manage things.
You must be kidding!
You are not, Cassius.
I am.
I say you’re not.
Stop pushing me, or I might forget to control myself.
Think about your health.
Go away, you little man.
Is this possible?
Listen to me, because I have something to say.
Must I give in to your impulsive anger?
Should I be frightened when a madman stares wildly around?
Oh you gods, oh you gods!
“All this?” Yes, and more.
Rage until your proud heart breaks.
Go show your slaves how angry you are, and make your servants tremble.
But must I give way?
Must I watch out for you?
Must I hide in fear when you're in a bad mood?
Has it come to this?
You say that you’re a better soldier.
Prove it.
Make your boasting come true, and I’ll be delighted.
I’m always happy to learn from noble men.
You wrong me in every way.
You wrong me, Brutus.
I said an older soldier, not a better one.
Did I say “better?”
If you did, I don’t care.
When Caesar was alive, even he didn't dare to anger me this way.
Enough, enough!
You would not have dared to tempt him like this.
I wouldn’t have dared!
No.
What?
Not on your life!
Don’t count too much on my love for you.
I might do something that I’ll regret.
You’ve already done the thing you should regret.
Cassius, your threats don’t frighten me, because I’m so sure that I am in the right that they pass me by like an insignificant breeze that I barely even notice.
I sent you a message asking for a certain amount of gold, which you refused to give me.
I did not refuse you.
You did.
I did not.
The man who brought my answer back to you was a fool.
Brutus, you’ve broken my heart.
A friend should put up with his friend’s weaknesses, but you make mine seem larger than they are.
I don’t, until you practice them on me.
You do not love me.
I don’t like your faults.
A friend would never see those faults.
No, a flatterer wouldn’t, even though they are as huge as towering Mount Olympus.
No, put away your dagger.
Be angry whenever you like, I won’t try to stop you.
Have I lived this long only to be mocked by Brutus when grief and anger get the best of me?
When I said that, I was angry too.
You admit that?
Give me your hand.
And my heart too.
Oh, Brutus!
What’s the matter?
Yes, Cassius.
And from now on, when you get angry with me, I’ll assume it’s your mother scolding me, and leave it at that.
Let me in to see the generals.
There’s a grudge between them.
It isn’t good for them to be alone.
You can’t go in to see them.
Only death will stop me.
What’s going on?
What’s the matter?
Shame on you, generals!
What do you do?
Love each other and be friends, as men like you two should.
Listen to me, because I’m older than you.
Ha ha!
Get out of here, sir!
Rude man, get gone!
Go easy on him, Brutus.
That’s just how he is.
I’ll humor his behavior when he learns the right time for it.
What should we do with all these rhyming fools that follow our armies?
Get out of here, buddy.
Away, away, be gone.
Lucillius and Titinius, tell the commanders to prepare to camp for the night.
Then come back, immediately, and bring Messala with you.
Lucius, bring a bowl of wine.
I didn’t think you could get so angry.
Oh, Cassius, I’m worn out by many sorrows.
You’re not using your Stoic philosophy if you let bad luck upset you.
No one bears sorrow better than I do.
Portia is dead.
What, Portia?
She is dead.
How did I escape getting killed when I argued with you just now?
What an unbearable and pitiful loss!
What sickness killed her?
Unable to bear my absence, and worried that young Octavius and Mark Antony have become so strong which I learned about along with the news of her death she fell into despair.
That’s how she died?
Like that.
Oh, you immortal gods!
Speak no more about her.
Give me a bowl of wine.
I bury all our previous anger with this drink, Cassius.
My heart is thirsty for that noble promise.
Pour, Lucius, until the wine overflows my cup.
I cannot drink too much of Brutus' love.
Come in, Titinius!
Welcome, good Messala.
Now let’s sit around this candle and consider our situation.
Portia, are you really gone?
No more on that, please.
Messala, I have here some letters saying that young Octavius and Mark Antony are marching fast toward Philippi and bearing down upon us with a mighty power.
I have gotten letters that say the same thing.
Do they say anything else?
There, our letters don’t agree.
My letters mention only seventy senators that were killed, with Cicero being one.
Cicero too?
Cicero is dead, by that same proclamation.
Have you gotten letters from your wife, my lord?
No, Messala.
And the letters you have received say nothing about her?
Nothing, Messala.
I think that’s strange.
Why do you ask?
Have you heard something about her in your letters?
No, my lord.
Now, as you’re a Roman, tell me the truth.
Then like a Roman you must bear the truth.
It’s certain that she is dead, and she died in a strange way.
Well, goodbye, Portia.
We all must die, Messala.
Knowing that she would have to die sometime, I can endure her death now.
That’s exactly the way that great men should endure great losses.
I know the philosophy of Stoicism as well as you, but I still couldn’t bear this news as you do.
Well, now for our work concerning the living.
Should we march to Philippi immediately?
I don’t think that's a good idea.
Your reasons?
Here it is: it’s better if the enemy has to come to us.
Those are good reasons, but they must give way to better ones.
The people who live between here and Philippi are only loyal to us out of fear of our force.
Listen to me, good brother
Allow me to finish.
You must also recognize that we’ve gotten as much as we can from those who support us.
Our regiments are full, and our cause is ready.
Then, if that’s your desire, proceed.
We two will go as well, and meet them at Philippi.
Nothing else.
Good night.
Early tomorrow, we will get up and get moving.
Lucius!
My nightgown.
Farewell, good Messala.
Good night, Titinius.
Noble, noble Cassius, good night, and sleep well.
All is well.
Good night, my lord.
Good night, good brother.
Farewell, everyone.
Give me the nightgown.
Where’s your lute?
Here in the tent.
What, you speak as if you are tired?
Poor fool, I don’t blame you.
You’ve stayed awake too long, watching over me.
Call Claudio and some of my other men.
I’ll have them sleep on cushions in my tent.
Varrus and Claudio!
You called us, my lord?
Sirs, I ask you to sleep in my tent.
I might wake you up at some point to send you on business to my brother Cassius.
If you’d like, we’ll stand by and be ready to do what whatever you need.
I refuse to let you stay up.
Lie down, good sirs.
I might decide not to send you.
Look, Lucius, here’s the book I was searching for.
I put it in the pocket of my nightgown.
I was sure that you hadn’t given it to me.
Bear with me, good boy.
Yes, if it would make you happy, my lord.
It would, my boy.
I ask too much of you, but you’re willing.
It’s my duty, sir.
I shouldn’t make you perform your duty beyond what you’re able to do.
I know that the young need rest.
I’ve slept already, my lord.
That was smart, and you’ll sleep some more.
I won’t keep you very long.
If I survive, I’ll be good to you.
This is a sleepy tune.
Oh, deadening sleep, have you touched your staff to my boy who plays music for you?
Dear boy, good night.
I won’t trouble you so much as to wake you.
This candle is so dim.
Hey!
Your evil spirit, Brutus.
Why did you come here?
To tell you that you’ll see me at Philippi.
Then I will see you again?
Yes, at Philippi.
I guess I will see you at Philippi, then.
Just as I get the courage to talk to you, you disappear.
Evil spirit, I’d like to talk with you some more.
Boy, Lucius!
Varrus!
Claudio!
Sirs, awake!
Claudio!
The strings are out of tune, my lord.
He thinks he’s still playing his instrument.
Lucius, wake up!
My lord?
Were you dreaming, Lucius?
My lord, I don’t know if I did cry out.
Yes, you did.
Did you see anything?
Nothing, my lord.
Go back to sleep, Lucius.
Sir Claudio!
You there, wake up!
My lord?
My lord?
Why did you cry out in your sleep?
Yes.
Did you see anything?
No, my lord, I didn’t see anything.
Me neither, my lord.
Go and bring my greetings to my brother Cassius.
Ask him to get his soldiers marching first, and we will follow.
Now, Antony, our prayers have been answered.
You said the enemy wouldn’t come down, but would keep to the hills and high ground instead.
They have not.
Their forces are nearby.
They mean to attack us here on the plains of Philippi, fighting us before we’ve forced them to.
No, I know their secret thoughts, and I understand why they’re doing this.
Prepare yourselves, generals.
The enemy approaches with a great display.
They’ve raised their battle standards as if they are about to attack.
Octavius, lead your forces out slowly, to the left side of the flat field.
I’ll go to the right side.
You take the left.
Why do you defy me at this critical moment?
I’m not defying you.
But this is what I’m going to do.
They haven't advanced, and want to talk.
Stay here, Titinius.
We must go and talk to them.
Mark Antony, should we give the signal to attack?
No, Octavius Caesar.
We’ll only respond once they attack.
Step forward.
Don’t move until we give the signal.
Words before fighting.
Is that it, countrymen?
Not that we prefer words to fighting, as you do.
Good words are better than worthless fighting, Octavius.
Brutus, along with your treacherous strokes you say “good” words.
For instance, the hole you made in Caesar’s heart while you cried, “Long live Caesar!
Hail, Caesar!
Antony, we don’t know the effectiveness of your blows yet.
Didn’t I take the bees' stingers too?
Oh, yes, and their sounds, because you stole their buzzing.
Antony, you seem to do a lot of warning about how you are going to sting.
Scoundrels, you did not give any warning before your vile daggers clashed, hacking away at Caesar's sides.
Flatterers?
Now, Brutus, you have only yourself to thank.
Antony’s tongue would not be offending us today if I’d had my way.
Come, come, back to the point.
Arguing makes us sweat, but the real trial will produce blood.
Look: I draw my sword against conspirators.
When do you think I’ll put this sword away again?
Never, until Caesar’s thirty three wounds are well avenged, or until you traitors have killed me too.
I hope you’re right.
I wasn’t born to die on your sword.
Oh, young man, if you were the noblest of your family you couldn’t die more honorably.
A cranky schoolboy, unworthy of such an honor, partnered with a masquerader and a partier!
The same old Cassius.
Come, Antony, let’s go.
Traitors, we throw our defiance at your teeth.
If you dare to fight today, come to the field.
If not, come when you have the courage.
Blow wind, swell waves, and may the ship float where it will!
The storm has risen and everything is at stake.
Hey, Lucillius!
My lord?
Messala!
What is it, my general?
Don’t believe it.
I believe it only partly, for I’m hopeful and determined to meet all dangers without flinching.
Right, Lucillius.
Now, most noble Brutus, may the gods be friendly with us today so that we, who love peace, can live on to old age.
But since the affairs of men are always uncertain, let’s think about the worst that may happen.
If we lose this battle, then this will be the last time we speak to each other.
What do you plan to do if we do lose?
Then if we lose this battle, you’d be willing to be led in chains by those who defeated you through the streets of Rome?
No, Cassius, no.
Don’t imagine, you noble Roman, that I will ever return to Rome in chains.
I am too great for that.
But today will be the end of the work that we began on March
Forever and forever, farewell, Brutus.
If we meet again, we’ll smile indeed.
If not, it’s true this parting was well done.
Then, lead on.
Oh, if only I could know the outcome of today’s business before it happens!
But it’s enough to know that the day will end, and then the end will be known.
Come!
Let’s go!
Oh, look, Titinius, look!
My soldiers, those scoundrels, are running away!
I have become an enemy to my own soldiers!
Retreat further, my lord, retreat further.
Mark Antony has over run your camp, my lord.
Run, noble Cassius, run far away.
This hill is far enough.
Look, look, Titinius.
Are those my tents on fire?
They are, my lord.
I’ll be there and back again, as quick as a thought.
Go, Pindarus.
Climb a little higher up that hill.
My eyesight was always bad.
Today was the day I breathed my first breath.
Time has come around, and I’ll end where I began  on my birthday.
My life has run its circle.
What can you see, boy?
Oh, my lord!
What news?
Titinius is surrounded by horsemen who are riding rapidly toward him.
Yet he rides onward.
Now they’re almost on him.
Now, Titinius!
Now some men are dismounting from their horses.
Oh, he's getting down too.
He’s been taken captive.
And listen!
They shout for joy.
Come down.
Come here, boy.
Caesar, you are revenged, with the same sword that killed you.
So I’m free.
But if I had dared to follow my own desires, I wouldn't be free.
Oh, Cassius, I’ll run far from this country to where no Romans can find me.
This news will comfort Cassius.
Where did you leave him?
In despair, with his slave Pindarus on this hill.
Isn’t that him lying on the ground?
He lies there as if he isn’t alive.
Oh, my heart!
Isn’t that him?
It was him, Messala.
His uncertainty of any positive outcome drove him to do this.
Despair, why do you make men believe things that are false, so that they act in error?
And error, as soon as you come into being, you kill the person that created you, instead of bringing joy to that person!
Pindarus!
Where are you, Pindarus?
Titinius, look for Pindarus while I go to meet the noble Brutus and thrust this news into his ears.
I say “thrust” because Brutus would prefer to have sharp blades and poisoned darts in his ears than to hear of this.
Get going, Messala, and I’ll look for Pindarus in the meantime.
Why did you send me out, brave Cassius?
Didn’t I meet up with your allies?
And didn’t they place the wreath of victory on my forehead and ask me to give it to you?
Didn’t you hear their shouts?
Alas, you misunderstood everything!
But, wait, I’ll place this wreath on your head.
Your Brutus asked me to give it to you, and I’ll do as he asks.
Brutus, come quickly, and see how much I loved Caius Cassius.
With your permission, gods, this is a Roman’s duty.
Come, Cassius’s sword, and find Titinius’s heart.
Where, where is his body lying, Messala?
Look, over there, where Titinius mourns it.
Titinius is lying face up.
He is dead.
Oh, Julius Caesar, you are still mighty.
Your ghost walks among us, and turns our swords toward our own stomachs.
Brave Titinius!
Look, he even placed a wreath on dead Cassius!
Are there two Romans left who are as good as these men?
Goodbye, the last of all the Romans.
It is impossible that Rome will ever produce your equal.
Friends, I owe more tears to this dead man than you will see me shed.
I will find the time to cry for you, Cassius, I will find the time.
Come, now, and send his body to Thasos .
His funeral won’t be held at our camp, because it may make us too demoralized to fight.
Lucillius, come.
And come, young Cato.
Let’s go to the field.
Labio and Flavio, send our armies forward.
Fight on, countrymen.
Who would be such a bastard as to give up?
Who will fight on with me?
I will proclaim my name around the field.
I am the son of Marcus Cato!
An enemy to tyrants and a friend to my country.
Hey, I am the son of Marcus Cato!
And I am Brutus, Marcus Brutus.
Brutus, my country’s friend.
Know that I am Brutus!
Oh, young and noble Cato, are you killed?
Why, you die now as bravely as Titinius did.
Surrender, or you die.
I’ll surrender only to death.
Here’s enough money for you to kill me immediately.
Kill Brutus, and be honored by the killing.
We must not.
He’s a noble prisoner!
Hey, make room!
Tell Antony that Brutus has been taken.
I’ll tell him the news.
Here comes the general.
Brutus is captured, Brutus is captured, my lord.
Where is he?
Safe, Antony.
Brutus is safe enough.
I assure you that no enemy will ever take the noble Brutus alive.
The gods protect him from so great a shame!
When you do find him, alive or dead, he’ll be found as Brutus, on his own terms.
Come, my few last remaining friends, and rest on this rock.
Statilius waved the torchlight at us, but he hasn’t come back.
He’s been captured or killed.
Sit down, Clitus.
Killed, probably.
It’s in fashion, apparently.
Listen, Clitus.
Who, me, my lord?
No, not for all the world.
Silence, then!
Don’t say anything.
I’d rather kill myself.
Listen, Dardanius.
Me, do something like that?
Oh, Dardanius!
Oh, Clitus!
What awful request did Brutus ask of you?
To kill him, Clitus.
Look, he’s thinking about what to do.
Now that noble man is so full of grief that it spills from his eyes.
Come here, good Volumnius.
Listen for a minute.
What is it, my lord?
No it hasn’t, my lord.
No, I’m sure it has, Volumnius.
You understand the world and how it works, Volumnius.
Our enemies have driven us to the edge of the grave.
It’s nobler to leap in ourselves than wait until they push us.
Good Volumnius, you know that we went to school together.
In the name of our old friendship, I beg you, hold my the handle of my sword while I impale myself on it.
That’s not a job for a friend, my lord.
Run, run, my lord.
We can’t wait here.
Farewell to you.
And you.
And you, Volumnius.
Strato, you’ve slept all this while.
Farewell to you too, Strato.
Countrymen, my heart rejoices that, throughout my life, I've only known men who were true to me.
I’ll have glory in defeat this day more than Octavius and Mark Antony will gain by their foul victory.
So farewell, without further ado, for my tongue has almost finished speaking.
I see only darkness before my eyes.
My bones, which have worked to hold me up until this time, now want to rest.
Run, my lord, run.
Go on!
I’ll follow.
I beg you, Strato, stay by me, your lord.
You’re a man with a good reputation.
Your life has had some taste of honor in it.
So hold my sword, and turn your face away while I run myself onto it.
Will you, Strato?
Shake my hand, first.
Farewell, my lord.
Farewell, good Strato.
Caesar, now rest.
I killed you half as willingly as I kill myself.
What man is that?
My master’s man.
Strato, where’s your master?
He's free from the captivity you are in, Messala.
This is how Brutus should be found.
Thank you, Brutus, for proving my prediction true.
I will gladly take anyone who served Brutus into my own service.
Will you serve me, man?
Yes, if Messala recommends me to you.
Do so, good Messala.
How did my master die, Strato?
I held the sword and he impaled himself on it.
Then take this man into your service, Octavius, for he did the final service to my master.
This was the noblest Roman of them all.
All the conspirators except for Brutus did what they did because they were jealous of great Caesar.
He alone acted from high ideals, and for the general good.
His life was noble, and the elements were so perfectly balanced in him that Nature might stand up and say to all the world, “This was a man.
”
We will treat him according to his virtue, with the highest respect and all the proper burial rites.
His body will rest tonight in my tent with all the honorable ceremony owed to a soldier.
So order the armies in the fields to rest, and let’s go share the glories of this happy day.
Tell me, Chatillon, what does the king of France want from me?
After greeting you, the King of France says I should behave in this way to you, your Majesty your borrowed Majesty
A strange beginning: "borrowed Majesty!  "
Be quiet, dear mother.
What will happen if I refuse to do this?
Fierce and bloody war will force you to give back what you have stolen to the rightful owner.
We can return war for war, blood for blood, and force for force: give that answer to the king of France.
Then let me express my king's willingness to fight you.
What now, my son?
Haven't I always said that that ambitious Constance wouldn't stop until she got France and the whole world to fight for her son's rights?
Our strong position and the rightfulness of our cause will be on our side.
My king, this is the strangest case I've ever heard that has come from the countryside to be judged by you.
Let them come.
Our abbeys and monasteries will pay their travel costs.
Who are you?
I am your faithful subject, a gentleman born in Northamptonshire and the oldest son, I believe, of Robert Faulconbridge, a soldier who was knighted on the battlefield by the honor giving hand of Coeur de lion .
And who are you?
The son and heir to the same Faulconbridge.
Is he the oldest, and you're the heir?
You didn't come from the same mother then, it seems.
You rude man!
You shame your mother and insult her honor by doubting that.
I, ma'am?
You're a good, straightforward fellow.
Why, being born later, does he claim your inheritance?
I don't know why, except to get the land.
What, what a crazy person God has given us here!
My eye has looked him over well and finds that he looks just like Richard.
Speak, fellow, what makes you claim your brother's land?
Because half of his face looks like my father.
Kind king, when my father was alive, your brother had a lot of jobs for my father
And once sent him as an ambassador to Germany, to negotiate with the emperor there about important matters of the time.
So should my father's will have no power to disinherit the child that is not his?
He has no more power to disinherit me than he had to conceive me, I think.
Madam, if my brother looked like me and I looked like him and sir Robert, and if my legs were two whips like his, my arms stuffed eel skins, my face so thin that I didn't dare stick a rose behind my ear for fear that men would say, "Look, there goes a three farthing coin!  "
Brother, you take my land, I'll take my chance.
Your face has gained you five hundred pounds a year, but sell your face for five pence and it's overpriced.
Ma'am, I'll follow you to death.
No, I would prefer you to go there ahead of me.
It's good manners in our country to let our superiors go first.
What is your name?
Brother on my mother's side, give me your hand: my father gave me honor, yours gave you land.
Now may the hour of night or day be blessed when I was conceived and Sir Richard was away!
That's the Plantagenet spirit!
I am your grandmother, Richard.
Ma'am, by luck and not by honor.
Brother, goodbye.
May good fortune come to you!
I'm a foot more honorable than I was, but I have lost many and many feet of land.
Well, now I can make any girl a lady.
"Good day, Sir Richard!  "
"God bless you, fellow!  "
Oh no!
It's my mother.
Hello, good lady!
What brings you here to court so quickly?
Where is that slave your brother?
My brother Robert?
Old Sir Robert's son?
The giant Colbrand , that same powerful man?
Is it Sir Robert's son you're looking for?
Sir Robert's son!
Yes, you disrespectful boy, Sir Robert's son.
Why are you rejecting Sir Robert?
James Gurney, could you leave us for a while?
Gladly, good Philip.
Philip!
That's a sparrow's name.
Have you plotted with your brother too, when for your own sake you should defend my honor?
What does this insult mean, you rude good for nothing?
Knight, knight, good mother, like the character Basilisco in that play.
I have been dubbed!
I have it on my shoulder.
But, mother, I am not Sir Robert's son.
Have you denied you are a Faulconbridge?
As faithfully as I deny the devil.
I swear, ma'am, if I were going to be conceived again I couldn't wish for a better father.
You're a noble boy!
Who wouldn't do what was right by you?
Oh, his mother thanks you, a widow thanks you, until your strong hand helps give him strength to pay you back more for your love.
Heaven's peace waits for those who fight in such a just and generous war.
What a miracle!
Look, as you wished, our messenger Chatillon has arrived!
Tell us briefly what the king of England says, kind lord.
Then turn your forces away from this unimportant siege and encourage them to do a more difficult task.
This attack is so unexpected!
May England be at peace if war returns from France to England to live there at peace.
Who gave you this job of forcing me to answer your questions?
Sadly, you have no right to that power.
Who do you say has stolen power?
Let me answer: your stealing son.
You rude woman!
Your bastard will be king so you can be a queen and tax the whole world!
That's a good mother you have, boy, who insults your father.
That's a good grandmother you have, boy, who insults you.
Stop!
Listen to the announcer.
Who the devil are you?
Oh, the man who took the skin from the lion looked good in that lion skin !
Who is this croaker who deafens us with all his excessive noise?
Lewis, decide what we will do immediately.
Women and fools, stop talking.
I would just as soon lay down my life.
Come to your grandmother, child.
Mother, stop!
He's so ashamed of his mother, poor boy, he's crying.
Shame on you, whether he's ashamed of his mother or not!
You monstrous slanderer of heaven and earth!
You monstrous harmer of heaven and earth!
You're crazy!
You thoughtless scolder, I can show you a will that disinherits your son.
Yes, who doubts that?
A will!
A wicked will; a woman's will; a decayed grandmother's will!
Stop, lady!
Who is it who calls us to the walls?
The king of England, for myself.
You men of Angiers, and my loving subjects
You loving men of Angiers, Arthur's subjects, our trumpets called you to this polite discussion
For our advantage.
When I have spoken, answer both of us.
So acknowledge the king and let me in.
Doesn't having the crown of England prove me king?
And if that doesn't, I bring you witnesses: an army of thirty thousand hearts from England
Bastards, and others.
To prove my title with their lives.
As many and as well born people as those
Some bastards too.
Face him to contradict his claim.
Until you agree who has the best claim, we withhold obedience from both of you to reserve it for the worthiest.
Then may God forgive the sins of all those souls that will fly to their eternal homes before evening, to be judged terribly by our kingdom's king!
Amen, amen!
On your horses, knight!
To arms!
Saint George, who beat the dragon, and ever since sits on horseback on the sign at my local pub, teach us some fencing!
Fellow, if I were at home at your den, fellow, with your lioness, I would put an ox's head on your lion skin and make a monster out of you.
Stop!
No more of that sort of talk.
Oh be afraid, because you hear the lion roar.
Hurry, then, to get the best part of the battlefield.
France, do you have more blood to throw away?
Will the tide of our right to the crown run on?
If you try to block the tide, the water will leave its home river and flood violently over your shores, unless you let its silver water keep peacefully flowing to the ocean.
England, you haven't lost a single drop of blood less than we French have in this intense battle.
Ha, royalty!
You look and act so glorious when kings get angry!
Whose side are the townspeople on now?
Speak, citizens, for England: who's your king?
The king of England  when we know who the king is.
Recognize me as the king, since I'm fighting for his rights here.
No, recognize me, since I do my own great work and stand here, lord of my army, Angiers, and of you.
Now, by the sky that hangs above our heads, I like it.
France, shall we combine our forces and knock this Angiers to the ground, then afterward fight about who will be king of it?
Very well.
Where will you attack?
We will send destruction into the city's breast from the west.
And I from the north.
Our thunder from the south will rain bullets on the town.
Oh wise strategy!
From north to south, Austria and France shoot in each other's faces.
I'll encourage them.
Continue to speak.
That's a sentence that shakes Death's rotten corpse out of his rags!
That's a big mouth that spits out death and mountains, rocks and seas, and talks as familiarly about roaring lions as thirteen year old girls talk about puppy dogs!
What gunman conceived this energetic man?
Why don't the two kings answer this friendly proposal from our threatened town?
Let England speak first, since before they've always insisted on speaking first to this city.
What do you say, boy?
Look at the lady's face.
Drawn on the flattering paper of her eye!
Hanged in the frowning wrinkle of her forehead!
And cut into quarters her heart!
What do these young people say?
What does my niece say?
That it's her duty to do what you wisely say she should.
Then speak, prince Dauphin: can you love this lady?
No, ask me if I can stop loving her, because I genuinely love her.
It does please me.
And kiss each other too, because I'm sure I did that when I got engaged.
She's back at your tent, sad and angry.
Crazy world!
Crazy kings!
Crazy alliance!
Gone to get married!
Gone to make peace!
Lying blood is joined to lying blood!
Gone to be friends?
Will Lewis have Blanch, and Blanch have those provinces?
My story is as true as you think these people's promises were false.
Oh, if you teach me to believe this sad thing, teach this sad thing how to kill me, and let belief and life fight like two furious, desperate men who fall and die at the moment they clash together.
Lewis is marrying Blanch!
Oh, boy, then where are you?
Now that France is friends with England, what will happen to me?
What harm have I done, good lady, except that I told you the harm done by others?
That harm is so terrible in itself that it makes anyone who speaks of it harmful.
Please, ma'am, accept what's happened.
I'm sorry, ma'am, I can't go to the kings without you.
An evil day, not a holy day!
What has this day deserved?
What has it done to be set in golden letters among the saint's days on the calendar?
No, instead remove this day from the week, this day of shame, oppression, lies.
Calm down, Lady Constance!
War!
War!
No peace.
Peace is a war to me.
Oh Lymoges!
Oh, I wish a man had spoken those words to me !
And hang a calf's skin on those cowardly limbs.
You don't dare say so, you good for nothing you'd be dead.
And hang a calf's skin on those cowardly limbs.
I don't like this.
Here comes the pope's holy deputy.
Greetings, you holy deputies of God!
I have a holy message for you, King John.
What earthly authorities can question a holy king's freedom?
Cardinal, you can't think of a name more unimportant, worthless, and ridiculous to tell me to do anything as the Pope's.
Brother, you're speaking sinfully.
Although you and all the Christian kings are ordered around by this meddling priest, paying him money because you're afraid of being cursed; and since with disgusting gold, scum, and dust, you buy corrupted forgiveness from a man who will not be forgiven by God for selling it; and although you and the rest are ordered around and love and pay for this deceitful witchcraft  I alone, alone, oppose the pope and consider his friends my enemies.
Then by the lawful power I have, you will be cursed and excommunicated.
Oh, let it be lawful for me to curse along with Rome for a while!
Lady, there's law and reason behind my curse.
Philip of France, you will be cursed if you don't let go of the hand of that terrible heretic and attack him with all the power of France, unless he submits to Rome.
Do you look scared, France?
Don't let go.
King Philip, listen to the cardinal.
And hang a calf's skin on those cowardly limbs.
Well, you criminal, I have to pocket these insults because
Your pants can carry them best.
Philip, what do you say to the cardinal?
What should he say except to agree with the cardinal?
That's the curse of Rome.
Oh Lewis, be strong!
The devil tempts you here in the shape of a wild new bride.
The Lady Constance isn't speaking according to what she believes, but what she needs.
Oh, if you grant that I have needs only because you betrayed and broke faith with me, you have to agree that faith would be alive again if my needs died.
The king is moved by something and doesn't answer.
Oh, ignore him and give a good answer!
Do, King Philip.
Don't hang anything on except a calf's skin, you sweet idiot.
I'm troubled and don't know what to say.
What can you say that will trouble you more than if you're excommunicated and cursed?
Good wise father, imagine you were me and tell me what you would do.
There's no custom that's a custom, no order that is orderly, except what is used to oppose England.
So to arms!
Fight for our church or let the church our mother speak her curse, a mother's curse against her revolting son.
France, it would be safer for you to hold a snake by its tongue, an angry lion by its deadly paw, a starving tiger by its tooth, than to keep peace with the hand you hold.
I can break the handshake, but not my promise.
So you make faithfulness an enemy to religious faith, and like a civil war you oppose promise to promise, your own words to your own words.
Oh, you should keep the promise you first made to heaven, which is to fight for our church!
Rebellion, complete rebellion!
What?
Won't a calf's skin shut that mouth of yours?
Father, take up your weapons!
On your wedding day?
Against the family you married into?
What, will murdered men attend our feast?
Will loud trumpets and rude drums, noises from hell, play the music for our ceremony?
Husband, listen to me!
How new "husband" is in my mouth!
By that name, which I have never said until now, I beg on my knee, don't go to war against my uncle.
Oh, on my knee, made hard with kneeling, I pray to you, you virtuous Dauphin, don't try to stop the punishment planned by heaven!
He depends on his honor, just like you depend on him.
I'm surprised you seem so uncertain, your majesty, when such great authority orders you on.
I will curse him.
You won't need to.
England, I will betray you.
Oh what a beautiful return of kingliness!
Oh what a disgusting rebellion of French trustworthiness!
France, you will regret this choice within an hour.
Old Time the clock winder, that bald officer time, is everything going as he wishes?
Well then, France will regret this.
The sun is overcast with blood.
Beautiful day, goodbye!
Lady, your fortune is with me now.
That's where my fortune lives and where my life dies.
Cousin, go raise our army.
No more than the man making that threat.
Let's go, to arms!
Hubert, guard this boy.
Oh, this will make my mother die of sadness!
Cousin, let's go to England!
Goodbye, dear cousin.
Goodbye, cousin.
Come here, little relative.
Come here, Hubert.
Oh my dear Hubert, I owe you so much!
I am indebted to you, your majesty.
So much that I would do whatever you asked me to do, even if I had to die to do it.
Don't I know you would?
I'll guard him so he won't offend you, your majesty.
Death.
My lord?
A grave.
He won't survive.
That's enough.
I could be happy now.
Bless you!
So, because of a roaring storm at sea, a whole fleet of ships has been scattered.
Take courage and comfort!
Everything will still turn out well.
What can go well when we have done so badly?
Haven't we been beaten?
Isn't Angiers lost?
Hasn't Arthur been taken prisoner?
Haven't many of our dear friends been killed?
And hasn't the bloody king of England gone to England, defeating anyone standing in his way?
I could bear for England to be paid that compliment, if only we could find another example of shame like ours.
Look who's here!
A grave for a soul, holding the eternal soul against its will in the disgusting prison of painful life.
Please, lady, let me take you away from here.
Now I see what your peace has come to.
Be patient, good lady!
Don't worry, dear Constance!
No, I refuse all advice, all help  except the help that ends all advice, real help, death, death.
Oh friendly lovely death!
You beautiful smelling stink!
Oh, beautiful sadness, stop!
Lady, you're saying crazy things, not sad ones.
Tie up your hair.
Oh, I see so much love in all her beautiful hair!
Where by chance a silver tear falls, ten thousand wiry friends glue themselves together in friendly sorrow like true, inseparable, faithful lovers sticking together in a disaster.
Let's go to England if you want.
Tie up your hair.
You're giving in to your sadness too much.
The man who's talking to me never had a son.
You are as fond of sadness as of your child.
I'm afraid something bad will happen, so I'll follow her.
All honor, joy, and happiness.
If you had won it, you certainly would have lost those things.
As sad as he's glad to have him.
Your mind is as young as your body.
Listen to me tell the future, because even the breath of what I'm going to say will blow all the dust, straw, and every little obstacle, out of the path which will lead your foot directly to the throne of England, so listen.
John has captured Arthur and while that child is still alive, John won't enjoy his stolen power in peace for an hour  no, not for a minute.
But what will I get if young Arthur falls?
You can then make the same claim to power that Arthur did in the cause of Lady Blanch your wife.
And lose my life and everything else like Arthur did.
You're so young and fresh in this old world!
John is working for you, time is working for you.
He might not harm young Arthur but instead keep him safely locked up.
I hope you have a warrant for this.
Filthy doubts!
Don't worry.
Young boy, come here.
Good morning, Hubert.
Good morning, little prince.
Yes, I have been happier.
Goodness!
If I talk to him, he'll make me feel pity for him with his innocent babbling, which is a feeling I'm not used to.
Are you sick, Hubert?
His words take over my heart.
Read this, young Arthur.
What?
Silly tears!
Young boy, I must.
And will you?
And I will.
Do you have the heart to do it?
I promised to do it, and I must burn them out with hot irons.
Oh, no one would do that except in this iron age!
Come out.
Do what I told you to do.
Oh, save me, Hubert, save me!
my eyes have been put out just by the fierce stares of these violent men.
Give me the iron, and tie him up here.
Why do you need to be so violent?
I won't struggle, I'll stand as still as a rock.
For heaven's sake, Hubert, don't have them tie me up!
Go stand inside.
I am very happy to be sent away from a deed like this.
Oh no, then I have sent away my friend!
Come on, boy, prepare yourself.
Is there no way out?
None, except to lose your eyes.
Oh God, I wish there were just a speck in yours, a seed, a piece of dust, a fly, a loose hair, or anything annoying to your precious sense of sight!
Then feeling what small things hurt you there, your disgusting intention would necessarily seem horrible to you.
Is this what you promised?
Stop, be quiet.
I can heat it, boy.
I can bring it back to life with my breath, boy.
Oh, now you look like Hubert again!
You were disguised this whole time.
Stop; no more.
Goodbye.
Your uncle must think you're dead.
Oh God!
Thank you, Hubert.
I sit here once again, crowned once again and looked at, I hope, by cheerful eyes.
So to have a second ceremony, to decorate a title that was already beautiful, to gild pure gold, to paint a lily, to throw perfume on a violet, to smooth ice, or add another color to the rainbow, or to try to decorate the beautiful sun with a candle's light  that's all wastefully and ridiculously excessive.
We gave you this advice before you were crowned again, but you preferred to ignore it.
Very well: you decide what to do with him.
Hubert, what news do you have?
And when it comes out, I'm afraid we'll hear of the disgusting sin of a sweet child's death.
We were afraid his sickness couldn't be cured.
Why do you look at me with such serious faces?
Do you think I decide who lives and dies?
Do I command life to go on?
It's clearly foul play, and it's shameful that someone powerful would do this so obviously.
So good luck with your plots!
They're furious.
I've come from France to England.
Such an army was never gathered from a country for any foreign war.
They learned from your speed, because when you should be told they are preparing, the news is that they have arrived.
Oh, where has our intelligence been drunk?
Where has it slept?
What has my mother been doing, that such an army could be gathered in France without her hearing about it?
Slow down, horrible disaster!
Make an alliance with me, until I've satisfied my unhappy noblemen!
What!
Mother is dead!
My territory in France has no leader then!
Who led these French troop that you tell me have landed here?
The Dauphin.
You've made me dizzy with all this news.
Now, what does the world say about what you've been doing?
Don't try to stuff my head with more bad news because it's full.
If you're afraid to hear the worst, it will sneak up on you without you knowing about it.
The amount of money I've collected will show how I've done among the churchmen.
You crazy dreamer, why did you do that?
I foresaw that it would happen.
Oh my dear cousin, did you hear the news about who has arrived?
I will look for them.
Hurry, go as fast as you can.
My subjects can't be my enemies when foreign enemies frighten my towns with the terrible display of a strong invasion!
Be like the messenger  god Mercury, put wings on your heels, and fly as quickly as thought from them back to me.
I know it's a time to be quick.
That's what a lively noble gentleman should say.
Follow him, because he may need some messenger between me and the nobles.
Gladly, my king.
My mother, dead!
Five moons!
Why do you try to frighten me?
Why do you mention Arthur's death so much?
No reason, my lord!
Didn't you ask me to?
Here is your handwriting and your seal ordering me to do what I did.
My lord
Take arms against your other enemies, and I'll make peace between you and your soul.
Arthur is alive?
Oh, hurry to the nobles and tell them, so that they can tame their anger and obey me!
Poor me!
Who brought that letter from the cardinal?
The Count Melun, a French nobleman whose private conversation with me about the Dauphin's kindness was more extensive than this letter shows.
Let's meet him tomorrow morning then.
Or instead let's go now; it will be two long days' journey, lords, before we meet him.
Hello again today, angry lords!
The king sends me to ask you to go to him immediately.
Whatever you think, I think polite words would be better.
Our sadness is talking now, not our manners.
But your sadness is unreasonable, so there's good reason for you to have manners now.
Sir, sir, impatience has its rights.
It's true  to hurt the man who's impatient, no one else.
This is the prison.
Who is this lying here?
Oh death, decorated with pure and princely beauty!
The earth doesn't have a hole deep enough to hide this crime.
Murder, hating what it has done, lays the body in plain sight to encourage revenge.
Or, when it doomed this beauty to a grave, found it too precious and royal for a grave.
Sir Richard, what do you think?
It is a damned and bloody deed, the sinful action of an evil hand  if it's the work of any hand.
If it's the work of any hand!
Our souls say amen to your words.
Oh, he's old and isn't ashamed to look at death.
Go, you hateful criminal, go away!
I am no criminal!
Your sword is bright, sir.
Not until I sheathe it in a murderer's skin.
Get out, you pile of crap!
Do you dare threaten a nobleman?
You are a murderer.
Cut him to pieces.
No, keep the peace.
Stand back or I'll stab you, Faulconbridge.
What will you do, famous Faulconbridge?
Fight for a criminal and a murderer?
Lord Bigot, I am not those things.
Who killed this prince?
Let's go to Bury, to the Dauphin there!
Tell the king he can find us there.
This is a strange world!
Did you know about this good work?
You're damned out of the infinite reach of mercy if you did this murder, Hubert.
Just listen to me, sir.
Ha!
By my soul
If in action, in agreeing to this, or by sinning in my thoughts, I'm guilty of stealing the sweet breath that was bound up in this beautiful body, hell won't contain enough tortures for me.
I left him healthy.
Go, carry him in you arms.
I am lost, I think, and lose my way in the thorns and dangers of this world.
How easily you pick up all of England!
So I have given my glorious crown to you.
Take it back from me, admitting that your great power and authority comes from the Pope.
Now keep your holy promise: go meet the French and use all the Pope's power to stop their advance before they destroy us.
My unhappy counties are rebelling and my people refuse to obey, swearing allegiance and love to enemies, to foreign kings.
Is it Ascension Day?
Didn't that prophet say that I would give away my crown before Ascension Day at noon?
My lords wouldn't come back to me after they heard young Arthur was alive?
They found him dead and thrown into the streets, an empty box from which the jewel of life was stolen and taken away by some damned hand.
That criminal Hubert told me he was alive.
He did, because he thought it was true, I swear.
But why are you drooping?
Why do you look sad?
What a shameful alliance!
Will we, on our own land, play fair and make compromises, agreements, discussions, and low peace with invading armies?
Will a beardless boy, a childish immoral brat, dare come to our fields and wave his weapons around on our ground, mocking the air with his foolishly spread banners, and not meet with any resistance?
You're in charge for now.
Go bravely then!
But I know our side may well meet an even prouder enemy.
We will never break this agreement.
And, noble Dauphin, although we swear willingly and without you asking for it, believe me, prince, I'm not glad that this wound we have at this time is trying to cure itself by sinfully rebelling, which heals the endless pain of one wound by making many more.
Oh, I'm sad to have to draw my sword to make wives into widows!
Oh, and to kill exactly the people who should be able to call on me to honorably rescue and defend them!
You show a noble character in saying this, and the great emotions wrestling in your heart make a noble earthquake.
Oh, you've fought such a noble battle between what you were forced to do and your brave loyalty!
Look, the holy deputy is coming quickly to give us a warrant from God and to show us that the heavens approve of our actions.
Greetings, noble prince of France!
You're just considering this from the outside.
What loud trumpet calls for us?
By all the blood that anger ever breathed, the young man speaks well.
Now listen to our English king because I speak for him.
Let me speak.
No, I will speak.
I won't listen to either of you.
Strike the drums, and let war's mouth announce my claim and my reason for being here.
Beat our drums to find this danger.
And you will find it, Dauphin, don't doubt it.
How is the battle going?
Oh, tell me, Hubert.
Badly, I'm afraid.
How are you, your majesty?
This fever I've suffered from so long is weighing on me.
My lord, your brave relative, Faulconbridge, wants you to leave the battlefield and send me back to tell him which way you're going.
Tell him toward Swinstead, to the abbey there.
Don't worry; the many reinforcements expected by the Dauphin here were shipwrecked three nights ago on Goodwin Sands .
Oh poor me!
This tyrant of a fever burns me up and won't let me feel happy at this good news.
I didn't think the king had so many friends.
That illegitimate devil Faulconbridge is winning the battle despite everything.
They say King John left the battlefield very sick.
Take me to the English rebels here.
When we were happy we were called something else.
It's the Count Melun.
Fatally wounded.
Is this possible?
Is this true?
I thought the sun seemed reluctant to set, and instead stayed and made the western sky blush when the English retreated weakly over their own ground.
We came off bravely when, shooting unnecessarily after them, we said good night after such bloody work and wrapped our ripped banners up, last on the battlefield and almost winners of it!
Where is my prince, the Dauphin?
Here: what news do you have?
Oh, terrible bad news!
Damn your heart!
I didn't think I'd be as sad tonight as this news made me.
Who was it who said King John ran away an hour or two before our tired armies stopped fighting for the night?
Whoever said it, it's true, my lord.
Who's there?
Speak!
Speak quickly or I'll shoot.
A friend.
Who are you?
I'm on the English side.
Where are you going?
Why does it matter to you?
Why can't I ask you about what you're doing instead of you asking me that?
Hubert, I think?
Whoever you want, and if you want you can consider me a friend because I am descended from the Plantagenets on one side.
A cruel reminder!
Come on, come on.
I'm walking here under the black forehead of night to find you.
In short, then: what's the news?
Oh, my dear sir, news fitting to the night, black, frightening, without comfort, and horrible.
How was he given the poison?
Who was tasting his food?
Who did you leave to take care of him?
Don't you know?
Hold back your anger, great heaven, and don't tempt me to act beyond my power!
The king still speaks and believes that if he were brought outside, the open air would calm the burning of the deadly poison that attacks him.
Have him brought into the orchard here.
Is he still talking crazily?
He's calmer than when you left him.
Oh, that's the nonsense of sickness!
Fierce extremes come one after the other, without him realizing it.
Death, having preyed on the outer parts of the body, invisibly leaves them and now attacks the mind, which he stabs and wounds with many troops of strange delusions that, as they crowd and push towards that last fortress, confuse each other.
It's strange that death would sing.
I am the cygnet of this pale weak swan that chants a sad hymn about his own death and, using his weakness as an instrument to accompany him, sings his body and soul to eternal sleep.
How are you, your majesty?
Oh, I wish my tears were medicine that could help you!
The salt in them is hot.
Oh, I'm sweating after rushing here to see you, your majesty!
You say this dead news in an ear that's just as dead.
My king!
My lord!
Just now he was a king, now he's this.
I too must run on like this and stop like this.
What certainty is there in the world, what hope, what security, when this was a king until just before now, and now is clay?
Are you gone?
He will do it more willingly when he sees us well prepared to defend ourselves.
His body must be buried at Windsor; that's what he wanted.
And I make the same promise of pure love that will go on forever.
My soul thanks you, and I'm the sort of person who doesn't know how to thank you except by crying.
Oh, let's be as sad as we need to at this time, since it has given us a lot to be sad about.
This England never did and never will lie at the foot of a proud conqueror, except when it has first helped him by wounding itself.
Now that its nobles have come home again, let the three corners of the world come to fight us, and we'll destroy them.
Nothing will hurt us if England just stays faithful to itself.
I thought the king liked the Duke of Albany more than the Duke of Cornwall.
It always seemed like that to me, too.
Isn't this your son, my lord?
Well, his education has certainly been at my expense.
I can't conceive of what you mean by that.
Well, I can't wish to undo the sin, since its result your son turned out so well.
I also have a legitimate son, sir, a few years older than this one, though he's not more valuable to me than Edmund.
No, my lord.
This is Lord Kent.
Remember him from now on, as he is my honorable friend.
I'm at your service, my lord.
I sincerely look forward to knowing you better.
Sir, I'll try to earn your approval.
He's been abroad for nine years, and he's soon leaving again.
Go attend to the rulers of France and Burgundy, Gloucester.
I will, my lord.
In the meantime I will discuss my more secret plan.
Give me that map there.
What will I do when it's my turn to speak?
I can only love, and be silent.
I now give you all this land, from this line to that one, containing dark forests, fertile plains, bountiful rivers, and wide meadows.
This land will forever belong to you and Albany's descendants.
Now what does my second daughter, my dear Regan, Cornwall's wife, have to say?
Speak.
Sir, I am made of the same materials as my sister, and I consider myself her equal in my love for you.
And now it's poor Cordelia's turn!
And yet I'm not poor at all, since I know my love is weightier and more sincere than my words.
To you and your heirs I now give this large third of my fair kingdom, which is no less in area, value, or beauty than the land I gave to Goneril.
But now for Cordelia, the joy of my life though the youngest of my daughters who has been courted so seriously by the rulers of fertile France and Burgundy.
What can you tell me that will earn a larger portion of my kingdom than your sisters?
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing?
Nothing.
What is this?
"Nothing" will earn you nothing.
Speak again.
I am unlucky, for I can't put my heart's emotions into words.
I love your Majesty as a daughter should love her father, no more and no less.
What is this, Cordelia?
Fix your speech a little, or you may damage your future.
My good lord, you fathered me, raised me, and loved me.
In return, I am dutiful to you, as I should be.
I obey you, love you, and honor you.
But do you really mean this?
Yes, my good lord.
So young and so heartless?
So young, my lord, and honest.
But your Majesty
Quiet, Kent.
Don't come between the dragon and its anger.
I loved Cordelia most of all, and had hoped to spend my old age in her loving care.
Now go away, and get out of my sight!
I'll only have peace when I'm dead, now that I've decided to stop loving her.
Call the King of France.
Will someone go?
Call the Duke of Burgundy.
Royal Lear, I've always honored you as my king, loved you as my father, followed you as my master, and thanked you as my benefactor in my prayers
I've already bent my bow and taken aim.
Get out of the way of the arrow.
Let it strike me, no matter what, even if the arrow strikes my heart.
Kent must be rude when Lear is acting madly.
What are you doing, old man?
Do you think that loyal men will be afraid to speak when a king gives in to flattery?
Kent, if you value your life, say nothing more.
Get out of my sight!
Now, I swear by Apollo
You swear by Apollo, King?
You peasant!
Villain!
Go ahead, kill your doctor and pay the medical bill to your foul disease.
Listen to me, you traitor!
If you still show me allegiance as my subject, hear me.
Well, farewell then, King.
Since this is how you insist on acting, freedom has left this kingdom and been replaced by banishment.
Lady, may the gods shelter you, for you've thought with justice and spoken correctly.
And may your actions live up to your grand words, so that we can see good deeds spring from words of love.
And so Kent bids you all farewell, you princes.
He'll go be his same old self in a new country.
The rulers of France and Burgundy are here, my noble lord.
My lord of Burgundy, I'll address you first.
You've been a rival to this king in pursuing my daughter.
What is the least amount you will accept as her dowry before you give up seeking her love?
Noble Burgundy, when my love for Cordelia was great, I considered her worth to be great too.
But now her price has fallen.
I don't know what to say.
Sir, now that you know her flaws  that she is friendless and just now hated by her father, and that her only dowry is my curse  will you take her or leave her?
Forgive me, royal sir.
It's impossible to choose in such a situation.
Then leave her, sir, for I swear to God that I've described to you all the value she has.
And you, great King: I would never want to alienate you by making you marry someone I hate.
So please look elsewhere for a wife and forget this worthless girl, who can barely be called human.
Enough, go away.
It would've been better for you to have never been born than to have displeased me like you did.
I'll give nothing.
I have sworn.
I'll stand firm.
I am sorry then.
In losing the king as a father, you've also lost me as a husband.
Peace be with you, Burgundy.
Since your real love is money, I won't be your wife.
You can take her, King of France.
Let her be your wife, for she's no daughter of mine, and I'll never see that face of hers again.
So go away, and leave without any love or blessing from me.
Come, noble Burgundy.
Say goodbye to your sisters.
Sisters, you jewels of our father's love, I leave you now with tears in my eyes.
I know what you really are, but as a sister I am reluctant to criticize your faults and call them by their true names.
Love our father and take care of him.
I leave him to you who have claimed to love him so dearly.
But, oh, I wish I were still in his favor, so I could recommend him to better caretakers.
So farewell to you both.
Don't tell us what our duty is.
You should focus on pleasing your lord and husband, who has accepted you out of charity.
Time will reveal what you're hiding under your cunning flattery.
Come along, my fair Cordelia.
Sister, I have much to say about things that concern us both.
I think our father will leave tonight.
Certainly, and he'll go to stay with you.
Next month he'll stay with us.
It's the sickness of his old age.
But even when he was younger, he never understood himself very well.
Even in the prime of his life he was impulsive.
Now that he's old, we must deal not only with his deeply rooted bad habits, but also with the unpredictable bad temper that comes with old age and senility.
We're likely to see more unpredictable outbursts from him, like his banishment of Kent.
There is still going to be a farewell ceremony between the King of France and our father.
Please, let's sit together and come up with a plan.
If our father continues to wield his authority in such a fickle way, then his recent surrender to his passions will only hurt us.
We must think more about it.
We have to do something, and should strike while the iron is hot.
Has Kent really been banished like this?
And the King of France has gone away angry?
There is no news, my lord.
Why are you being so secretive about that letter?
I don't have any news, my lord.
What's that letter you were reading?
Nothing, my lord
No?
Why did you look so terrified and stuff it in your pocket then?
If it's nothing, then there's no need to hide it.
Let's see it.
Come on, if it's nothing, I won't need my glasses to read it.
Please sir, forgive me.
It's a letter from my brother that I haven't finished reading yet.
And, judging by what I have read, it's not fit for you to look over.
Give me the letter, sir.
I see that I'll offend you whether I keep it or give it to you.
The only offensive thing is the content of the letter, as far as I can understand it.
Let's see, let's see.
I hope, for my brother's sake, that he wrote this just to test my virtue.
It wasn't brought to me, my lord.
That's what's cunning about it.
And you're sure this is your brother's handwriting?
My lord, if the letter's contents were good, I would swear that it was his handwriting.
But because of what the letter does say, I would rather believe otherwise.
It is his.
Has he ever spoken to you about anything like this before?
Never, my lord.
But I've often heard him argue that when sons reach full maturity and their fathers grow old and feeble, the son should take care of the father, and manage his money.
Oh, the villain, the villain!
That's the same opinion he expresses in the letter!
The hateful villain!
The unnatural, hateful, beastly villain worse than a beast!
Go, sir , and find him.
I'll arrest him.
The abominable villain!
Where is he?
I don't know, my lord.
Do you think so?
If it would be acceptable to your sense of honor, I can hide you somewhere where you can hear us talking about the letter, and then you'll have the proof of your own hearing about his intentions.
He can't be such a monster
I'm sure he isn't.
to his own father, who so tenderly and completely loves him.
By heaven and earth!
Edmund, go find him, and gain his confidence for my sake, please.
Do whatever needs to be done, and use your own common sense.
I would give up anything to relieve my doubts.
Sir, I'll find him immediately, and manage the business in the best way I can.
These recent eclipses of the sun and moon are evil omens for us.
Though science can explain how they happen, they are still omens, and bad things always follow eclipses.
Love loses its passion, friendships fall apart, brothers become enemies, riots break out in cities, civil wars begin, treason infiltrates palaces, and the bond between fathers and sons is broken.
This villainous son of mine fits the prediction of the bad omens that's son against father.
The king goes against his former nature that's father against child.
The best part of our age has passed.
Schemes, emptiness, treachery, and chaos will follow us loudly to our graves.
Find out the truth about this villain, Edmund.
It won't damage your reputation.
Just do it carefully.
And the noble and true hearted Kent has been banished, for the crime of being honest!
It's strange, strange.
How's it going, brother Edmund?
What are you thinking about so seriously?
Brother, I am thinking of a prediction I read about the other day.
Are you really wasting your time with such things?
How long have you been a follower of astrology?
Come now.
When did you last see my father?
Why, just last night.
Did you speak with him?
Yes, we spent two hours together.
Did you part on good terms?
Did he seem displeased with you, in either his words or in his expression?
Not at all.
Try to remember how you might have offended him.
Some villain has told a malicious lie about me.
That's what I'm afraid of.
But please, keep control of yourself until his rage slows down a little.
And now come with me to my rooms, and at the right moment I'll bring you to hear my father speak.
Please, go.
There's my key.
If you do go outside, arm yourself.
Arm myself, brother?
Brother, I'm giving you the best advice I can.
Arm yourself.
I would be lying if I said that our father had good intentions towards you.
Will I hear from you soon?
Everything I'm doing in this business is to help you.
Did my father strike one of my servants for scolding his fool?
Yes, madam.
He offends me constantly, day and night.
Every hour he has an outburst, causing some new offense that makes everyone start fighting.
I won't endure it anymore.
His knights are getting unruly, and he himself criticizes us about every little thing.
When he returns from hunting, I won't speak to him.
Say that I'm sick.
He's coming, madam.
I hear him.
Now be as tired and neglectful as you desire, you and your fellow servants.
I want to confront him about it.
Very well, madam.
And be unfriendly to his knights as well.
Don't worry about what might happen.
Tell your fellow servants about this.
I want confrontations to come from this, so I can scold my father.
I'll write to my sister right away and tell her to do exactly as I do.
Now go, prepare for dinner.
If I can can disguise my voice as well as I've disguised my appearance, then I can carry out the plan for which I erased my true identity.
Don't make me wait even a second for dinner.
Go get it ready.
A man, sir.
What's your profession?
What do you want with me?
Who are you?
I'm a very honest hearted fellow, and as poor as the king.
If you're as a poor a subject as he is a king, then you're certainly poor enough.
What do you want?
To serve.
Whom do you want to serve?
You.
Do you know me, fellow?
No, sir.
But there's something in your face that makes me want to call you master.
What's that in my face?
Authority.
What services can you perform?
I can keep secrets, ride a horse, run, ruin an elaborate story by trying to tell it, and deliver a plain message bluntly.
I'm qualified for anything that ordinary men can do.
And the best part of me is that I'm hardworking.
How old are you?
Sir, I'm not young enough to fall in love with a woman because she sings.
But I'm not old enough to dote on a woman for any reason.
Follow me.
You'll serve me.
If I still like you after dinner, then I'll keep you around.
Dinner, hey, dinner!
Where's my fool?
You, go and call my fool to come here.
Excuse me, I'm busy  Exit OSWALD OSWALD exits.
What did that fellow say?
Call the blockhead back in here.
My lord, he says that your daughter isn't feeling well.
Why didn't that rascal come back to me when I called him?
Sir, he answered me bluntly and said that he didn't want to.
He didn't want to?
My lord, I don't know what's the matter, but it seems to me that your Highness isn't being given the love and respect that you're used to.
The duke himself, the servants, and your daughter all seem to share in this loss of respect towards you.
What!
Do you think so?
My lord, I beg your pardon if I'm mistaken but I can't be silent when I think your Highness is being wronged.
No, you're just reminding me of what I've noticed as well.
Sir, ever since my lady Cordelia has gone away to France, the fool has been sad and solitary.
No more talking about that.
I've noticed it too.
Go and tell my daughter Goneril that I want to speak with her.
My lady's father.
"My lady's father?"
You wretch, you bastard dog!
I'm not any of those things, my lord.
I beg your pardon.
Do you dare make a face at me, you villain?
I will not be struck, my lord.
Or tripped, you filthy football player .
I thank you, fellow.
If you serve me like that, I'll love you.
Come on, sir.
Get up and go away!
I'll teach you to respect your superiors.
Now, my friendly servant, I thank you.
Let me hire him too.
Here's my fool's cap.
How are you, my clever fool?
How are you doing?
Sir, you had better take my cap.
Why, Fool?
Why?
For taking the side of this unpopular king.
If you can't suck up to whoever has power, then you'll soon suffer for it.
Here, take my fool's cap.
Why, this fellow here has banished two of his daughters, and gave the third a blessing without meaning to .
If you're going to follow him, you're a fool, and so you should wear my cap.
How's it going, uncle ?
I wish I had two caps and two daughters.
Why, my boy?
Be careful, boy remember you can be whipped.
Truth's a dog that must go to his kennel.
He must be whipped and driven out of the house, while Lady Bitch can stay by the fire, stinking with lies.
Constantly irritating me!
Sir, I'll teach you a speech.
Do.
Listen closely, uncle.
That's nothing, Fool.
Why no, boy.
Nothing can be made out of nothing.
Please, remind him that no land means no income.
He won't believe a fool.
What a bitter fool.
My boy, do you know the difference between a bitter fool and a sweet fool?
No, boy.
Teach me.
Bring me the lord who advised you to give away your land, and place him here by me.
You stand in his place.
The sweet and bitter fool will instantly appear the sweet fool in jester's clothes here, and the bitter fool over there.
Are you calling me a fool, boy?
This fool's words aren't totally foolish, my lord.
No, truly, lords and important men won't let me be totally foolish.
If I had a monopoly on foolishness, they would insist that I share it.
And ladies too they won't ever let me be the biggest fool.
They're always snatching away my role.
What two crowns do you mean?
Why after I've cut the egg in half and eaten the whites, the yolk will be like two golden crowns.
When did you become so full of songs, boy?
If you lie, boy, then I'll have you whipped.
I'm amazed at how alike you and your daughters are.
They'll have me whipped for telling the truth, you'll have me whipped for lying, and sometimes I'm whipped for keeping quiet too.
I wish I were anything but a fool.
And yet I wouldn't want to be you, uncle.
How are you, daughter?
Why are you wearing such a frown?
It seems like you've been frowning too much lately.
You were a fine fellow back when you didn't need to care whether she was frowning or not.
Sir, not just your fool here  who is allowed to say whatever he wants  but others in your rude entourage keep complaining, fighting, and breaking out in foul and intolerable wildness.
Are you my daughter?
Does anyone here know who I am?
Why, I can't be Lear.
Does Lear walk like this?
Talk like this?
Where are his eyes?
Either his mind is getting weak or his senses are failing.
Hey, am I awake?
Surely not.
Who can tell me who I am?
You are Lear's shadow.
I want to learn who I am.
The evidence given to me by my kingly nature, my knowledge, and my reason tries to falsely persuade me that I have daughters.
Daughters who will turn you into an obedient father.
What's your name, dear lady?
Sir, this pretended astonishment of yours seems very similar to your other recent pranks.
Please try to understand my purpose.
You are old and respected, so try to be wise too.
You're keeping a hundred knights and squires here  men so disorderly, vulgar, and bold that our court has become infected with their manners and now seems like a cheap, rowdy inn.
Their gluttony and lust make this place feel more like a tavern or a brothel than an honored palace.
It's so shameful that it requires immediate action.
Darkness and devils!
Saddle my horses.
Call my knights together.
I won't trouble you any more, you worthless bastard.
I still have one true daughter left.
You strike my servants, and your disorderly rabble of knights treats their superiors like servants.
You'll regret this, but by then it'll be too late!
Oh, sir, are you here?
Have you come to me?
Speak, sir.
Prepare my horses.
Sir, please be patient.
You hateful vulture, you lie!
My knights are men of excellent qualities and accomplishments, and they perfectly do their duty and live up to their honorable reputation.
My lord, I'm innocent and ignorant of whatever it is that's angered you.
That may be true, my lord.
Now hear me, Nature, dear goddess, hear me!
If you had intended for this woman to bear children, then change your purpose for her.
By the gods, what caused all this?
What, fifty of my knights dismissed at a clap of your hands?
After only two weeks?
What's the matter, sir?
I'll tell you.
By life and death!
Did you hear all that, my lord?
Goneril, I can't be anything but biased in your favor because of my great love for you
Please, be quiet and don't worry.
No more protests, sir.
You, sir, more knave than fool, after your master.
Uncle Lear, uncle Lear, wait and take your fool with you.
This man has had good advice a hundred knights!
You might be overly nervous about this.
It's better to be too nervous than too trusting.
Let me always get rid of what frightens me, rather than risk being hurt by it.
Here I am, madam.
How are you, Oswald?
Have you written that letter to my sister yet?
Yes, madam.
Then take some men with you and ride off to deliver it.
Tell her about my specific fears, and add details of your own to back them up.
Now get going, and hurry back.
I can't tell how far ahead you can see, or how deeply you can perceive.
But often we break something in trying to fix it.
No, but then
All right, all right.
Go ahead of me to Gloucester, and give this letter to Regan.
My lord, I won't sleep until I've delivered your letter.
If a man's brains were in his feet, wouldn't they be in danger of chilblains ?
Yes, boy.
Then please cheer up.
Your brains won't ever have to wear slippers.
Ha, ha, ha!
Your other daughter will treat you kindly, you'll see.
Even though she and Goneril are as similar as two crabapples, I can still tell what I can tell.
Why, what can you tell, my boy?
That Regan will taste just like Goneril both of them like sour crabapples.
Can you tell me why a man's nose stands in the middle of his face?
No.
Why, to keep his eyes separated, so he can see whatever he can't sniff out.
I did her wrong
Can you tell me how an oyster makes his shell?
No.
Me neither.
But I can tell you why a snail carries its house.
Why?
I will forget my fatherly feelings.
I was such a kind father!
Are my horses ready?
Your attendant asses are getting them.
There's a pretty reason why the constellation Pleiades has only seven stars.
Because it doesn't have eight?
Yes indeed.
You would make a good fool.
I could have taken back my kingdom by force.
Uncle, if you were my fool, I'd have you beaten for getting old before your time.
How's that?
You shouldn't have gotten old until you'd also gotten wise.
Oh, don't let me go crazy, not crazy, sweet God!
I don't want to go crazy.
Keep me sane.
I don't want to go crazy.
Ready, my lord.
Come on, boy.
Any girl who laughs at my departure won't be a virgin for long not unless men are all castrated.
Hello, Curan.
And you, sir.
I've seen your father recently, and I told him that the Duke of Cornwall and the Duchess Regan will be staying here with him tonight.
Why is that?
I don't know.
Have you heard the news from abroad?
I mean the whispered rumors, since that's all they are right now.
No, but please tell me.
You haven't heard that there might be a war soon between the Dukes of Cornwall and Albany?
Not at all.
You may soon.
Farewell, sir.
The duke will be here tonight?
I'm sure of it, not a word.
I hear my father coming.
Pardon me.
We must pretend to fight now.
Draw your sword.
Pretend to defend yourself.
Now play your role convincingly.
Give up!
I'll bring you before my father.
Hey, bring in some light!
Here!
Run, brother, run.
Torches, bring torches!
Farewell, then.
Now, Edmund, where's the villain?
He was standing here in the dark with his sharp sword out, mumbling some wicked spells, asking the moon to give him good luck in his dark deeds
But where is he?
Look, sir, I'm bleeding.
Where is the villain, Edmund?
He fled that way, sir, when he couldn't
After him, now!
Go.
Let him run far.
He won't escape for long in this country.
And once he's found, he'll be executed.
The Duke of Cornwall, my noble master and patron, is coming tonight.
I'll proclaim this by his authority: that whoever finds Edgar and helps bring the murderous coward to justice will be rewarded.
And if anyone conceals Edgar, they will die.
When I tried to persuade him not to kill you, and found him still determined to do it, I angrily threatened to expose him.
He replied, "You penniless bastard!
Do you think that if I were to testify against you, anyone would put any trust, value, or worth in your words?
Oh, that monstrous, incurable villain!
He would deny his letter, he said?
Surely I never fathered him.
Listen, there are the duke's trumpets.
I don't know why he's come here.
How are you, my noble friend?
Ever since I came here   which was only just recently  I've been hearing strange news.
If it's true, no punishment could be harsh enough for the offender.
How are you doing, my lord?
Oh, madam, my old heart is broken, it's broken.
What, did my father's godson really try to kill you?
The one whom my father named  your son, Edgar?
Oh, lady, lady, it's so shameful that I wish I could hide it
Wasn't he a companion of those unruly knights who tend to my father?
I don't know, madam.
It's too bad, too bad.
Yes, madam, he was friendly with those knights.
It's no surprise then that they had a bad influence on him.
They must have put him up to killing his father, so they could loot the estate once Edgar inherited it.
Just tonight I got a letter from my sister, telling me all about them and warning me that if they should come to stay at my house, I shouldn't be there.
I won't be there either, Regan, I assure you.
Edmund, I hear that you have been a true and loving son to your father.
It was my duty, sir.
He exposed Edgar's plans, and got this wound trying to stop him.
Is Edgar being pursued?
Yes, my good lord.
If he's caught, we won't have to worry about him ever causing trouble again.
Use my power and authority however you like in order to help your cause.
As for you, Edmund, your virtue and obedience have been clear throughout this whole affair, so you will serve me from now on.
I need people as trustworthy as you are.
You are the first one I'll employ.
I will serve you truly and faithfully sir, if nothing else.
Your Grace, I thank you for honoring him like this.
You don't know why we came to visit you
I'm at your service, madam.
Your Graces are welcome here.
Good morning to you, friend.
Are a servant in this house?
Yes.
Where can we stable our horses?
In the swamp.
Please, my friend, tell me.
I'm not your friend.
Well then.
If I had you between my teeth, I'd make you care.
Why are you treating me like this?
I don't know you.
But I know you, fellow.
What do you know about me then?
What a monstrous fellow you are, that you would slander someone you don't know, and who doesn't know you!
And what a bold faced servant you are to deny that you know me!
Wasn't it just two days ago that I tripped you and beat you up in front of the king?
Away with you!
I want nothing to do with you.
Draw your sword, you rascal.
You're here with a letter plotting against the king, and you take the side of that vain puppet Goneril against her royal father.
Draw your sword, you scoundrel, or I'll slice you up like a hog.
Draw, you rascal!
Come on and fight!
Help, hey!
Murder!
Help!
Fight, you rogue.
Stand still, scoundrel.
Fight, you dainty villain, fight!
Help, hey!
Murder, murder!
What's going on?
What's the matter?
Stop fighting!
I'll take you on then, boy , if you like!
Come on, I'll strike first.
Come on, young master.
Swords out?
What's the matter here?
Calm down, I command you.
The next person to strike again will die.
What is the matter?
These two are the messengers from my sister and the king.
What are you fighting about?
Speak.
I'm out of breath, my lord.
No wonder, with all your brave exertions.
You cowardly rascal, Nature is ashamed to admit that she created you.
A tailor made you .
You're a strange fellow.
How could a tailor make a man?
Yes, a tailor, sir.
A sculptor or a painter could never have made something that awful, even if they had only been practicing their craft for two years.
But tell me: what are you fighting about?
This old ruffian, sir, whose life I spared because of my respect for the elderly
You bastard, you're a "z," an unnecessary letter!
My lord, if you'll allow me, I'll grind this coarse villain into powder and plaster the bathroom walls with him.
So you spared my life because I'm old, did you, you puppy?
Quiet, sir!
Don't you have any respect, you beast?
Yes, sir, but not when I'm angry.
Why are you angry?
I'm angry that a dishonorable servant like this should wear a sword like a gentleman.
What, are you crazy, old man?
How did this fight begin?
Tell us that.
No two opposites could hate each other more than myself and that scoundrel.
Why do you call him "scoundrel?"
I don't like his face.
But perhaps you don't like mine either, or his, or hers.
Look at this fellow, who gets praised for his honesty and then acts rude and insolent, using his "bluntness" as a cover for his cruelty.
He cannot flatter, not he!
He is honest and blunt, and so must speak the truth.
And if people accept it, well and good.
Sir, truthfully, sincerely, if you'll give the approval of your magnificent face, which glows with the radiance of Phoebus ' forehead
What do you mean by this?
I'm changing my manner of speech, since you disliked my plain words so much.
Sir, I know that I'm no flatterer.
How did you offend him?
I never did.
These sorts of cowardly villains always boast like Ajax .
Bring out the stocks!
We'll teach you, you stubborn old rascal, you arrogant geezer.
Sir, I'm too old to learn.
Don't put me in the stocks.
I serve the king, who sent me here to you.
You'll be insulting my master's royal and personal honor if you put his messenger in the stocks.
Bring the stocks!
I swear on my life and honor, he'll be locked up until noon.
Until noon?
Until night, my lord  and all night too.
Why, madam, you wouldn't treat me so badly even if I was your father's dog.
But you're his villainous servant, sir.
This is exactly the kind of fellow your sister warned us about.
Come on, bring in the stocks!
Let me ask you not to do this, your Grace.
The man has done wrong, and the good king his master will punish him for it.
But the kind of punishment you intend for him is more appropriate for petty thieves than for royal servants.
His master, the king, will surely be insulted when he finds out that you value him so little, locking up and humiliating his messenger like this.
I'll take responsibility for it.
My sister may be more insulted to learn that her messenger was abused and assaulted just for following her orders.
Put his legs in the stocks.
Come on, my good lord, let's go.
I'm sorry for you, friend.
It's what the duke wants, and everyone knows that he won't allow even the slightest opposition once he's made up his mind.
But I'll try to persuade him to release you.
Please don't, sir.
I've been awake and traveling for a long time.
The duke's to blame for this.
The king won't be happy about it.
Good King Lear, you're just proving the old saying that everything goes from good to bad.
Rise, sun, and shine on me so I can read this letter.
Only those who are miserable are granted miracles.
It's strange that Regan and Cornwall left their home without sending back my messenger.
I heard that, as of last night, they had no intention of leaving and going to stay with Gloucester.
Greetings to you, noble master!
What!
Are you in this humiliating position as a joke?
No, my lord.
Ha, ha!
Look, he's wearing wooden stockings.
Horses are tied up by their heads, dogs and bears by their necks, monkeys by their waists, and men by their legs.
When a man wants to run, then he must wear stockings like these.
What man misunderstood your role as the king's messenger, and locked you up here?
It was a man and a woman: your son in law and daughter.
No.
Yes.
No, I say.
And I say "yes.  "
No, no, they wouldn't.
Yes, they have.
By Jupiter, I swear "no.  "
By Juno , I swear "yes.  "
They wouldn't dare.
They couldn't.
My lord, I arrived at your son in law and daughter's home and delivered your Highness's letter.
If your daughter Regan and Cornwall are acting like that, then your troubles aren't over yet.
Fathers who wear rags make their children blind to their needs.
But fathers with bags of gold make their children kind.
Fortune, that fickle whore, never opens the door to the poor.
But despite all this, your daughters will give you as many dollars or maybe sorrows as you can count in a whole year.
Oh, how this hysteria swells up and squeezes my heart!
Panic, stay back, you choking sorrow.
You belong in my stomach, not in my head.
Where is this daughter of mine?
With the earl, sir, inside the castle.
Don't follow me.
Stay here.
Did you really not commit any worse crime than what you told the king?
I committed no crime at all.
Why did the king come with such a small entourage of knights?
If they had put you in the stocks for asking that question, you would've deserved it.
Why, Fool?
Where did you learn all this, Fool?
Not in the stocks, fool.
They refuse to speak with me?
They're sick?
They're weary?
They've traveled all night?
These are just excuses!
These are the signs of rebellion and desertion.
Go back and bring me a better answer.
My dear lord, you know the duke's fiery, stubborn nature, and how unshakeable he is once he's made a decision.
Vengeance, plague, death, and destruction!
Well, my good lord, I've informed them of that.
"Informed them?"
Yes, my good lord.
The king wants to speak with Cornwall.
The dear father wants to speak with his daughter.
He commands that she attend to him.
Are they "informed" of this?
By my breath and blood!
I want there to be peace between you.
Oh, my heart, my hysterical rising heart!
But stay down, heart.
Good, uncle, yell at your heart like the housewife who yelled at the live eels she was putting in her pie.
She hit them on their heads with a stick and cried, "Down, you naughty things, stay down!  "
And her brother wanted to be kind to his horse, so he buttered its hay .
Good morning to you both.
Greetings to your Grace.
I am glad to see your Highness.
I believe you are glad, Regan.
Please, sir, calm down.
What do you mean by that?
I can't believe that my sister would fail in her obligations at all.
Sir, if she happened to restrain the rowdiness of your knights, then she must have had a good enough reason for it that she's free from all blame.
My curses on her!
Oh, sir, you are old.
You're at the very edge of your allotted lifespan.
You should let yourself be ruled and led by someone who understands you better than you can understand yourself.
So please go back to my sister's house.
I should ask her forgiveness?
Do you understand how that would shame our royal family's honor?
"Dear daughter, I confess that I am old.
Old people are unnecessary.
On my knees I beg you to give me clothes, a bed, and food.  "
Stop this, good sir.
These are shameful antics.
Go back to my sister.
Never, Regan.
She's dismissed half of my knights, glared at me evilly, and struck me in the heart with her venomous insults.
May all the anger of heaven strike her ungrateful head!
May she get sick with infectious airs, and may her young limbs go lame!
Stop, sir!
May lighting strike her in her scornful eyes!
May swampy, poisonous fog blister her face and ruin her beauty!
Oh, by the blessed gods!
You'll aim the same curses at me if the mood strikes you.
No, Regan, I'll never curse you.
Your tender nature will never turn harsh and cruel.
Her eyes are fierce and vicious, but yours are comforting.
Good sir, get to the point.
Who put my messenger in the stocks?
What's that trumpet?
I know it it's my sister's.
This is just what her letter said, that she would be here soon.
Has your lady arrived?
This is the villain whose cheap arrogance comes from his position as a steward to that fickle Goneril.
Out, you wretch, get out of my sight!
What do you mean, your Grace?
Who put my servant in the stocks?
Regan, I hope you didn't know anything about it.
Who's coming?
Oh, gods, if you love old men and approve of children being obedient to their parents  if you yourselves are old  then take my side.
Hurl down a lightning bolt for my cause!
Why shouldn't she take me by the hand, sir?
What crime have I committed?
Just because a senile old man calls something an insult doesn't mean it is one.
Oh, how can my ribs contain my grieving heart?
Why don't they burst?
How did my messenger come to be put in the stocks?
You!
You did this?
Please, father, you are weak.
Return to her, and dismiss fifty knights?
Do any of that if you want to, sir.
No, please, daughter, don't make me go crazy.
I won't bother you, my child.
Farewell.
We'll never meet or see each other again.
But you're still my child, my daughter, my flesh and blood or rather you're a disease that's in my flesh, which is still technically my "flesh and blood.  "
You're a pimple, a sore, a raised tumor corrupting my blood.
But I won't criticize you.
Shame will come to you when it decides to.
I won't encourage it now.
I won't ask the gods to smite you with lightning, or complain about you to them.
Mend your ways if you can.
Better yourself at your leisure.
I can be patient.
I can stay with Regan, along with my hundred knights.
Not quite, sir.
I wasn't expecting your arrival, and I'm not ready to take care of you.
Listen to what my sister is saying, sir.
We're trying to mix some reason in with your passionate anger, even though we realize that you're old.
Do you really mean what you've just said?
I'll dare to say yes, sir.
What, fifty knights?
Isn't that enough for you?
Why should you need more or even that many since fifty knights are expensive and dangerous to keep?
How can many people serve two masters and still be at peace under one roof?
It's hard, almost impossible.
Why can't you let yourself be attended by Regan's servants, or mine?
Why not, my lord?
Then if they happened to neglect you, we could control them.
I gave you everything
And you took your time in giving it.
I made you the protectors and trustees of my kingdom, on the condition that I could keep a hundred knights for myself.
So why should I have to come to you with only twenty five, Regan?
Is that what you said?
Yes, and I'll say it again, my lord.
I'll accept no more than twenty five.
Wicked people start to look better when others become even more wicked.
Not being the worst daughter deserves a little praise, I suppose.
I'll go with you.
Your fifty is still twice her twenty five, so you must love me twice as much a she does.
Hear me, my lord.
Why do you need twenty five, or ten, or even five to follow you, when you'll be in a house with twice that many servants to take care of you?
Why do you need even one?
Oh, don't be so logical about needs!
Even the poorest beggars have at least something they don't need.
Let's go inside.
There will be a storm.
This house is small.
We can't properly shelter the old man and his followers here.
That's his own fault.
He has deprived himself of sleep, and must taste the results of his foolishness.
And I'll do the same.
Where is the lord of Gloucester?
He followed the old man.
But now he's coming back.
The king is enraged.
Where is he going?
He called for his horse, but I don't know where he intends to ride.
It's best to just let him go.
He'll only allow himself to be lead by himself.
My lord, don't try to convince him to stay.
Alas, night is falling, and the high winds are blowing angrily.
There's hardly a bush for many miles around.
Oh, sir, willful men only learn their lessons from the injuries they get in their foolishness.
Shut your doors.
Shut your doors, my lord.
It's a wild night.
My sister Regan's advice is good.
Come in out of the storm.
Who's there, besides bad weather?
One whose mood is like the weather very troubled.
I know you.
Where's the king?
Out struggling with the elements.
He cries out for the winds to blow the earth into the sea, or make the sea's waves flood the land, that all life might end or change forever.
He tears at his white hair, which the fierce winds blow about disdainfully, blind in their fury.
But who is with him?
Only the fool, who tries to soothe the wounds in the king's heart with his joking.
Sir, I know you, and based on what I know about you, I will dare to trust you with an important job.
No, don't.
To confirm that I'm much more than I seem from my outward appearance, open this purse and take the money inside.
If you see Cordelia which you can be sure that you will show her this ring.
And she will tell you who I really am.
A curse on this storm!
I will go and find the king.
Let me shake your hand.
Do you have anything else to say?
Blow, winds, until your cheeks crack!
Rage on, storm!
You whirlwinds and tornadoes, pour out water until you've drenched the steeples of our churches and drowned their weathervanes!
You sulfurous and deadly lightning  herald of the mighty thunderbolts that split oak trees  singe the white hair on my head!
Oh, uncle, encountering false holy water    in a dry house is better than being outside getting soaked by rainwater.
Please, uncle, let’s go inside and ask your daughters to forgive you.
This stormy night has no pity for either wise men or fools.
Rumble your belly, thunder!
Spit, fire!
Pour down, rain!
The rain, wind, thunder, and fire are not my daughters.
I don't blame you, you elements of the storm, for being unkind.
Whoever has a house to cover his head has a good hat.
If a man finds housing for his genitals before he finds housing for his head he'll end up poor and lice infested.
So whores have "married" many men by giving them housing.
The man who values his toe more than he values his heart will always have corns to complain of, and be kept awake at night.
For there's never been a pretty woman who didn't practice making pretty faces in the mirror.
No, I will act like a model of patience.
I will say nothing.
Who's there?
By God , here's majesty and genitalia that is, a wise man and a fool.
Alas, sir, are you here?
Even creatures of the night avoid nights like this.
These angry skies frighten even the bats and make them keep to their caves.
Never in my whole life have I seen or heard such fiery lightning, such bursts of horrible thunder, and such groans of roaring wind and rain.
Human nature cannot bear all this danger and fear.
May the great gods who stirred up this commotion in the sky find and crush their enemies tonight .
Tremble in fear, you wretched people who have committed secret crimes and gone unpunished by justice.
Hide yourselves, you bloody handed murderers, you perjurers, you men who seem to be virtuous but really practice incest.
Tremble until you fall to pieces, you villains who have plotted against human lives in secret.
I begin to see things differently.
Come on, my boy.
How are you, my boy?
Are you cold?
I am cold myself.
Where is this cow shed you spoke of, my fellow?
True, my good boy.
Come, bring us to this cow shed.
Such a night would cool even a prostitute's hot lust.
Alas, alas, Edmund, I don't like this horrible business.
How savage and unnatural!
Oh well, say nothing about this.
There is a quarrel between the two dukes.
And there's worse news than that: I received a letter tonight.
It's dangerous to discuss.
I've locked the letter in my bedroom.
The injuries done to the king will be thoroughly avenged.
Armed forces have already landed.
We must side with the king.
I will find him and secretly help him.
I'll tell the duke right now about this forbidden kindness to the king, and about that letter too.
Here's the place, my lord.
Please go in, my lord.
Tonight's storm is too rough for human nature to endure.
Leave me alone.
My good lord, please enter the shed.
Do you want to break my heart?
I would rather break my own than yours.
My good lord, please go in.
You think it's bad that this angry storm soaks us to the skin.
So it seems to you.
But a large pain makes a small pain feel insignificant.
My good lord, please go inside.
Please, go in yourself.
Seek your own comfort.
The water's nine feet deep, nine feet deep!
Poor Tom!
Don't come in here, uncle there's a ghost in here.
Help me, help me!
Give me your hand.
Who's there?
A ghost, a ghost.
He says his name's Poor Tom.
Who are you, grumbling in the straw in there?
Come out.
Keep away!
The devil follows me!
The cold wind blows through the sharp hawthorn trees.
Hum!
Go to your cold beds and warm yourselves up.
Did you give everything to your two daughters, and end up like this?
What, have his daughters reduced him to this miserable state?
Could you keep nothing for yourself?
Did you give them everything?
Then may your daughters be struck by all the plagues that hover in the air, controlling the fates of sinners!
He doesn't have any daughters, sir.
Pillicock sat on Pillicock hill.
Alow, alow, loo, loo!
This cold night will turn us all into fools and madmen.
Beware the devil.
Obey your parents; keep your word; don't use God's name in vain; don't commit adultery; and don't covet luxurious clothing.
Tom's cold.
What were you before you became like this?
Why, you'd be better off dead than to face this violent storm with only your naked body.
Is this all a man is?
Look at him.
You don't owe the silkworm for silk, the cow for leather, the sheep for wool, or the civet cat for perfume.
Ha!
The three of us are fake and shallow compared to you.
You are the thing itself.
A man without the trappings of civilization is just a poor, naked, two legged animal like you.
Off, off with my clothing.
Come, let me unbutton this.

Please, uncle, calm down.
It's a bad night for swimming.
On a night like this a little fire in a barren field would be like the heart of a lustful old man a small spark in a cold body.
Look, here comes a walking fire.
That is the devil Flibbertigibbet .
He wakes up at nightfall and walks around until midnight.
He makes eyes squint from cataracts, makes cleft lips, rots the ripe wheat, and hurts the poor creatures of the earth.
Saint Withold walked the field three times.
He met a demon and her nine offspring, told her to fly away, and made her swear to never return.
And begone, witch, begone!
How are you feeling, your Grace?
Who's he?
Who's there?
What is it you want?
Who are you?
What are your names?
What, don't you have any better companions than this, your Grace?
The Prince of Darkness is a gentleman.
He's called Modo and Mahu.
My lord, our children have grown so wicked that they hate the parents who made them.
Poor Tom is cold.
Come back to my house with me.
My duty to you wouldn't allow me to obey all your daughters' harsh commands.
First let me talk with this philosopher.
What is the cause of thunder?
First I'll talk with this Greek scholar here.
What is your field of study?
How to resist the devil and kill rats.
Let me ask you something in private.
Ask him again to go with you, my lord.
He's beginning to go crazy.
Can you blame him?
Oh, I beg your pardon, sir.
Noble philosopher, speak with me.
Tom's cold.
Then go in, man.
There, into the cow shed.
Keep yourself warm.
Let's all go in.
No, come this way, my lord.
I'll go with him!
I want to stay with my philosopher.
My good lord, let's humor him.
Let him take that man with him.
Bring him with you, then.
Sir, come on.
Come along with us.
Come, good philosopher.
Quiet, quiet.
Hush.
I'll have my revenge on Gloucester before I leave his house.
My lord, I'm somewhat afraid of how I might be criticized for letting my loyalty to you overcome my natural bond to my father.
How evil is my fate, that I must apologize for doing the right thing!
This is the letter he was talking about, which confirms that he was a spy and informer for France.
Come with me to see the duchess.
If the contents of this letter are true, then you have a lot to deal with.
True or false, this letter has made you the Earl of Gloucester.
Find out where your father is, so we can be ready to arrest him.
If I find my father helping the king, it will confirm his guilt even more.
I'll remain loyal to you, even though it conflicts with my duty to my father.
I'll put my trust in you, and you'll find me a better father than Gloucester was.
It's better in this shed than out in the open air.
Be grateful for the shelter.
I'll make you more comfortable in whatever way I can.
I won't be gone long.
His passionate rage is driving him crazy.
May the gods reward your kindness!
Please, uncle, tell me whether this madman is a gentleman or an average man?
He's a king, a king!
May a thousand hissing devils strike those daughters of mine with their red burning pitchforks!
The devil bites my back.
A man would be crazy to trust a wolf's tameness, a horse's health, a boy's love, or a whore's promise.
I will do it.
I'll put my daughters on trial right away.
Come, sit here, our excellent judge.
And you, wise sir, sit here.
Now, you she  foxes
Look, see the devil standing and glaring at me!
Do you want spectators at your trial, madam?
The devil haunts Poor Tom by singing like a nightingale.
That devil Hoppedance grumbles in Tom's belly, crying for two fish to eat.
Stop rumbling, you black angel.
I don't have any food for you.
How are you, sir?
Don't look so bewildered.
Will you lie down and rest on the pillows?
I want to see their trial first.
Bring in the witnesses against them.
Take your place, you judge in your robe.
And you, his partner in justice, sit by his side.
You are allowed to be a judge as well.
Sit down, too.
Let's deliver a fair trial.
Let's put Goneril on trial first.
Here she is.
I swear before this honorable assembly that she kicked her father, the poor king.
Come here, mistress.
Is your name Goneril?
She cannot deny it.
Forgive me, madam, I thought you were a stool .
And here's Regan, whose twisted face shows what her heart is made of.
Stop her there!
Guards, catch her!
Swords, fire, bribery in the courtroom!
God bless your five senses.
How tragic!
Sir, where is the self control now, which you used to boast so much about?
I feel so sorry for him that I'm afraid I'll cry and ruin my disguise.
Even the little dogs, Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart see, they're barking at me.
Tom will threaten them.
Begone, you mangy dogs!
Whether your mouth is black or white, with teeth that poison when they bite; whether mastiff, greyhound, or mean mutt, hound or spaniel, bitch or bloodhound, short  tail mutt or long tail dog Tom will make you weep and wail.
When I threaten like this, dogs run out the door, and all are gone.
Do de, de de.
Stop!
Come, run off to festivals and fairs and market towns.
Now let them dissect Regan.
Study her heart well.
Is there any natural reason for such a hard heart?
You, sir, I'll keep you as one of my hundred knights.
Only I don't like the style of your clothes.
You'll probably say that they're elegant and exotic, but change them anyway.
Now, my good lord, lie down here and rest awhile.
Make no noise, make no noise.
Close the bed curtains like that, like that, like that.
We'll have dinner in the morning.
So, so, so.
And I'll go to bed at noon.
Come here, friend.
Where is the king, my master?
He's here, sir, but don't disturb him.
He's lost his mind.
Good friend, please pick him up.
I've overheard that there are people plotting to kill him.
I have a carriage ready for him.
His suffering drives him to sleep.
Come on, come on, let's go.
When we see our superiors suffering the same woes that we suffer, we can almost forget our own misery.
Whoever suffers alone suffers the most, and loses his carefree nature and happy memories.
But when grief is shared with friends and companions, the mind can rise above suffering.
My pain seems light and easy to endure now that I can see the king bearing my same sorrow.
Ride quickly to your husband.
Show him this letter.
The French army has landed.
Find the traitor Gloucester.
Hang him at once.
Pluck out his eyes.
Leave him to my displeasure.
Edmund, you go with my sister in law Goneril.
The punishment I am obligated to inflict on your father isn't fit for you to see.
Tell the Duke of Albany to prepare himself immediately for war.
We are committed to doing the same.
Our messengers will keep us both well  informed.
Farewell, dear sister in law.
Farewell, my lord of Gloucester.
The lord of Gloucester has helped him escape.
Prepare the horses for your mistress.
Farewell, sweet lord, and you, sister.
Edmund, farewell.
The ungrateful fox!
Tie up his withered arms.
What do you mean by this, your Graces?
My friends, remember that you are my guests in this house.
Don't abuse your host, friends.
Tie him up, I say.
Bind him tighter, tighter.
Oh, the filthy traitor!
I'm no traitor, you merciless lady.
Tie him to this chair.
By the kind gods, it's disgraceful for you to pull my beard.
So old and venerable, and still such a traitor?
Wicked lady, these white hairs you tear from my chin will come to life and accuse you.
I am your host.
You should not be grabbing at your host's face with your robbers' hands.
What are you doing?
Come, sir, what letters have you gotten from France lately?
Be honest, because we already know the truth.
And what is your relationship with the traitors who have landed in our kingdom recently?
The ones to whom you've sent the insane king.
Speak.
A cunning answer.
And a false one.
Where have you sent the king?
To Dover.
Why to Dover?
Weren't you commanded, under penalty of death
Why to Dover?
Let him answer first.
I'm backed into a corner now, but I must go on.
Why to Dover, sir?
Because I didn't want to watch your cruel fingernails pluck out his poor old eyes, or see your vicious sister sink her fangs into his kingly flesh.
You made him endure a storm so terrible that if it had occurred at sea, the waves would have risen up to extinguish the stars' fires.
But the poor old man just added to the rain with his tears.
If wolves had been howling at your gate during that storm, you would have said, "Good doorman, let them in.  "
No, you won't "see" anything.
Servants, hold his chair.
I'm going to put my foot on his eyes.
If any man hopes to grow old someday, let him help me!
Now his face is crooked do the other eye too.
If you ever "see" vengeance
Stop this, my lord!
I've served you ever since I was a child.
But I've never done you a better service than by now telling you to stop.
What's this, you dog?
If you had a beard, lady, I'd pull it and spit in your face for this cause.
What do you think you're doing?
One of my own servants!
Come on then, let's fight take your chances against me.
Give me your sword.
Is a peasant really standing up like this?

Oh, I've been murdered!
My lord, you still have one eye left to see that I've injured him at least.
Oh!
Then we'll have to prevent it from seeing more.
Come out, you worthless jelly!
Where is your sparkle now?
All is dark and comfortless.
Where's my son Edmund?
Edmund, let your love for your father inspire you to avenge this horrible act!
Enough, you treacherous villain!
You call for a son who hates you.
Oh, my stupidity!
Then Edgar has been slandered.
Kind gods, forgive me for that, and let him prosper!
Go throw him out at the gates, and let him smell his way to Dover.
I've been wounded.
Follow me, lady.
Throw out that eyeless villain.
And throw this treacherous servant onto the manure pit.
Regan, I'm bleeding badly.
This is a bad time for such an injury.
Give me your arm.
If our wicked master escapes justice, I'll stop caring about whether anything I do is wicked.
And if Regan lives a long life and dies a natural death, then women might as well all become monsters.
Let's follow the old earl, and get that crazy Tom to lead him where he wants to go.
He's a homeless madman, so he can get away with anything.
Go then.
I'll get some cloth and egg whites to apply to his bleeding face.
Now heaven help him!
Oh, my good lord, I have been your tenant and your father's tenant for these last eighty years.
Away, go away.
Leave me, good friend.
Your help can't do me any good, and it might put you in danger.
But you cannot see where you're going, sir.
I have nowhere to go, so I don't need eyes to see my path.
And even when I could see, I followed the wrong path.
It's often the case that when we are prosperous we get overconfident.
What's that?
Who's there?
Oh gods!
It's poor crazy Tom.
And things might get worse still.
As long as we are able to say "this is the worst," then it's not the worst yet.
Where are you going, fellow?
Is it a beggar?
He's both a madman and a beggar.
He must still have some sanity, or else he couldn't beg.
I saw a man like that in last night's storm, and he made me think of how insignificant humans are.
He reminded me of my son, though at the time my son was my enemy.
Now I know better.
To the gods, we are like flies killed for fun by undisciplined boys.
How can this be?
It's a bad business to have to keep playing the fool in the face of my father's sorrow.
I'm only distressing myself and him.
Is that the naked fellow?
Yes, my lord.
Then please go.
But alas, sir, he's crazy.
It's the sickness of our times that madmen must lead the blind.
Do as I tell you.
Or rather, do whatever you want.
But above all, leave this place.
I'll bring him the best clothes that I have, come what may.
Sir, naked fellow
Poor Tom's cold.
I can't continue this charade.
Come here, man.
And yet I must.
Bless your sweet eyes.
Do you know the way to Dover?
Here, take this purse, you who have been humbled by all the plagues of heaven.
My misery makes yours seem less wretched.
God, let it always be this way.
Yes, master.
There is a cliff there, whose high and bending head leans precariously over the deep sea.
Bring me to the very edge of it, and I'll repay you for your troubles with something valuable on my person.
Once I'm there I won't need to be led anymore.
Give me your arm.
Poor Tom will lead you.
Welcome, my lord.
I'm surprised that my bland husband hasn't met us on the way.
He's inside, madam.
But you've never seen a man so changed.
Then you shouldn't come any further.
It's my husband's cowardly terror that keeps him from taking risks.
He'll ignore insults that should require him to retaliate.
I'm your servant until death.
My dearest Gloucester!
Madam, here comes my lord.
So I'm finally worth your time.
Oh Goneril, you aren't worth the dust that the rude wind blows in your face.
I fear your nature.
I can't trust anyone who condemns her own father.
No more of that.
Your sermon is stupid.
Wisdom and goodness seem vile to vile people.
To the filthy everything seems filthy.
What have you done?
You two tigers not daughters what wicked deeds have you done?
Look at yourself, devil!
Oh useless fool!
Shame on you, you warped and false creature!
What a man you are, meowing like a kitten!
What's the news?
Gloucester's eyes?
Both, both, my lord.
This letter, madam, demands an immediate answer.
It's from your sister.
In a way I'm glad that Cornwall's dead.
But now that Regan is a widow, and my Edmund is with her, then Edmund might choose her over me.
Then all my fantasies will crumble and I'll have to continue this hateful life.
But in another way, the news is not so tragic.
Where was Gloucester's son Edmund when they took out his father's eyes?
He was riding here with my lady.
But he's not here.
No, my good lord.
I met him on his way back.
Does he know about all this wickedness?
Yes, my lord.
He was the one who informed against his father, and left the house so that they could punish Gloucester fully without worrying about Edmund's feelings.
Gloucester, I will live to thank you for the love you showed the king, and I'll avenge your eyes.
Come here, friend.
Tell me what else you know.
Do you know why the King of France went back home so suddenly?
Who has he left behind as his general?
The Marshal of France, Monsieur la Far.
Did the letters you delivered cause Queen Cordelia to show any grief?
Yes, sir.
She took them and read them in my presence, and now and then a large tear would trickle down her delicate cheek.
It seemed that she was able to control her deepest emotions, even though they tried to overcome her.
Oh, then the news moved her?
Not to any burst of passion.
She seemed to struggle between patience and sorrow, deciding which would best express her feelings.
You've seen how it can rain while the sun is still shining her smiles and tears were like that, but even more beautiful.
Did she ask anything out loud?
Well, once or twice she sighed the name "father," as if the word were pressing on her heart.
And once she cried out, "Sister, sisters!
You most shameful of all ladies, sisters!
Kent, father, sisters!
What, in a storm, in the middle of the night?
No false shows of pity can be trusted!  "
It's the stars, the stars above us who decide our fates.
Otherwise one couple couldn't have children so different from each other as Cordelia and her sisters are.
Have you spoken to her since then?
No.
Was this before the King of France returned home?
No, after that.
Why, good sir?
He is pained by a powerful sense of shame.
Alas, the poor gentleman!
Have you heard anything about Albany and Cornwall's troops?
Yes.
They're on the march.
Well, sir, I'll bring you to our master Lear, and leave you to attend to him.
I have some important business that will force me to disguise myself again for a while.
When my true identity is revealed, you won't regret helping me like this.
Please, come along with me.
Alas, it's the king.
Why, just recently he was seen acting as crazy as the stormy sea, singing out loud and wearing a crown of thick weeds  burdock, hemlock, nettles, cuckoo, and all the weeds that struggle against our life sustaining wheat.
Send out a hundred soldiers to find him.
Search every acre of the overgrown fields, and bring him here for me to see.
It is possible, madam.
I have news, madam.
The British troops are marching this way.
We already knew this.
Our troops are ready to receive them.
Oh, dear father, I'm doing all this for you.
But have my brother in law Albany's troops been sent forward?
Yes, madam.
Is he there in person?
Yes, madam, and making a big fuss.
Your sister Goneril is the better soldier of the two.
Did Lord Edmund speak with your lord at home?
No, madam.
What did my sister's letter to him say?
I don't know, lady.
Well, he hurried away on some serious business.
It was foolishness to let Gloucester live after plucking out his eyes.
Wherever he goes, everyone pities him and turns against us.
I think Edmund left to put his father out of his misery and end his sightless life and also to spy out the strength of the enemy army.
I must go after him with my letter, madam.
Our troops will set out tomorrow.
Stay with us.
The roads are dangerous.
I can't, madam.
My lady ordered me to carry out her instructions.
Why should she write to Edmund?
Couldn't you just deliver her message verbally?
Perhaps it's .
.   .
I don't know what.
Madam, I'd rather
I know your lady Goneril does not love her husband Albany.
I'm sure of that.
And when she was here recently she was giving strange, loving glances and significant looks to the noble Edmund.
I know you're in her confidence.
I, madam?
I'm sure about this.
She trusts you, I know it.
Farewell.
When will we come to the top of that cliff?
You're climbing up it now.
See how we sweat and pant?
The ground seems flat to me.
It's horribly steep.
Listen, do you hear the sea?
No, to be honest.
Well then, your other senses must have been injured by the trauma of losing your eyes.
It might be so.
It seems that your voice has changed, and you speak more eloquently than you did before.
You're mistaken.
The only thing I've changed is my clothes.
I think you're speak better now.
Come on, sir.
Here's the place.
Stand still.
How terrifying and dizzying it is to look down so far!
The crows and jackdaws flying below look smaller than beetles.
Halfway down there's someone clinging to the cliff and gathering herbs what a dreadful job!
He looks tiny to me from up here.
The fishermen walking on the beach below look like mice.
Lead me to where you stand.
Give me your hand.
You're now within a foot of the extreme edge.
I wouldn't jump up and down here for anything under the sun.
Let go of my hand.
Here, friend, here's another purse, and in it there's a jewel any poor man would be glad to have.
May the fairies and gods make your wealth increase!
Go further away from here.
Bid me farewell, and let me hear you leaving.
Now farewell, good sir.
With all my heart.
I'm toying with his despair to try and cure him of it.
Gone, sir.
Farewell.
I don't know whether a man's imagination can kill him, especially if he's so willing to die.
If he had been where he thought he was, he'd be dead by now.
But is he alive or dead?
Hey you, sir, friend!
Can you hear me, sir?
Speak.
Maybe he died after all.
But he's waking up.
Who are you, sir?
Go away, and let me die.
Even if you were made of only thread, feathers, and air, you should've shattered like an egg after falling as far as you did.
But you're breathing; your flesh is solid; you're not bleeding; you can speak.
But have I fallen or not?
You fell from the dreadful top of this chalky cliff.
Look up at the height.
The shrill sounding lark up there can't be seen or heard.
Just look up.
Alas, I have no eyes.
Are wretched men now not even allowed to kill themselves?
It used to be some small comfort when someone in misery could cheat death's plan and frustrate its proud will.
Give me your arm.
Up there you go.
How do you feel?
Can you feel your legs?
You're standing.
Too well, too well.
This is stranger than strange.
When you were up on the edge of the cliff, what was that thing I saw leaving you?
A poor unfortunate beggar.
From down here it looked like his eyes were two full moons.
He had a thousand noses, and horns twisted and wavy like a stormy sea.
It was some devil.
You fortunate old man, you must realize that the purest gods have saved your life.
I remember now.
From now on, I'll bear my misery until the misery itself cries out, "Enough, enough!  "
Think carefree and peaceful thoughts.
No, they can't punish me for counterfeiting coins.
I am the king himself.
Oh, what a heartbreaking sight!
Nature is better than art in that respect.
There's your enlistment money, recruit.
That fellow handles his bow like a scarecrow.
Sweet marjoram.
That's it.
I know that voice.
Ha!
Goneril with a white beard?
Ha, Regan?
They flattered me like a dog would, and told me that I had wisdom before I had old age.
To say "yes" and "no" to everything that I said "yes" and "no" to was insincere and sinful.
When the rain came to soak me, and the wind to make me shiver, and the thunder wouldn't stop at my command then I realized the truth about them.
Then I sniffed them out.
They aren't honest.
They told me I was everything but I'm not immune to illness.
Something about that voice is familiar to me.
Is it the king?
Yes, every inch a king!
When I glare, see how my subjects tremble.
I pardon that man's life.
What was your crime?
Adultery?
You won't have to die.
Die for adultery?
No.
The birds do it, and the flies copulate right in front of me.
Oh, let me kiss that hand!
Let me wipe it first.
It smells of death.
Oh, you ruined masterpiece of nature!
This great world will end up the same way, worn down to nothing.
Do you know me?
I remember your eyes well enough.
Are you squinting at me?
No, do your worst, blind Cupid.
I'll never love again.
Read this letter.
Just notice the handwriting.
Even if every word was a sun, I couldn't see a single one.
I wouldn't believe this scene if I weren't seeing it myself.
And my heart breaks at the sight of it.
Read it.
How, with my emptyeye sockets?
Oh, ha, is that the way things are?
You won't have eyes in your head until there's money in your purse?
I see by feeling.
What, are you crazy?
A man can see how this world works without needing eyes.
Look with your ears.
See how that judge condemns an ordinary thief.
But listen: if you have them switch places, do you think you could tell the difference between the judge and the thief?
Have you seen a farmer's dog bark at a beggar?
Yes, sir.
And the man run from the mutt?
There you can see the great image of authority: even a dog is obeyed when it's in power.
You rascally officer, restrain your bloody hands!
Why are you whipping that whore?
Whip your own back instead.
You lust after her and long to use her for the same crime you're whipping her for.
The loanshark hangs the cheater.
It's easy to see sins through tattered clothes, but rich robes and gowns hide everything.
Cover up a sin with gold, and the mighty sword of justice can't touch it.
But dress a sin in rags, and even a piece of straw can pierce it.
No one is a criminal no one, I say, no one.
I'll pardon them all.
Oh sense and nonsense mixed!
Reason in madness!
If you're going to cry over my bad luck, then take my eyes too.
I know you well enough.
Your name is Gloucester.
You must be patient.
I came here crying.
You know that when we first smell the air as newborns we wail and cry.
I'll preach to you.
Listen to me.
Alas, how awful!
When we're born, we cry because we've arrived at this great stage of fools.
I like your hat.
It's a clever strategy to make horseshoes out of felt.
I'll put it to the test.
And when I've sneaked up on those sons in law of mine, then I'll kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!
Oh, here's the king.
Grab him.
Sir, your most dear daughter
No rescue for me?
What, I'm a prisoner?
I was born to be the fool of fate.
Treat me well.
You'll get your ransom.
Let me have a doctor.
You'll have anything you want.
No one will support me?
I'm by myself?
Good sir
I'll die bravely, like a smug bridegroom .
Well, I'll be jolly.
Come, come.
My gentlemen, I'm a king  did you know that?
You are a royal one, and we obey you.
Then there's still hope left.
Come on if you're going to get me, you'll have to catch me running!
Sa, sa, sa, sa!
Such a sight would be pitiful even in the lowliest beggar, but it's unbearable in a king.
He still has one daughter good enough to redeem the evil of the other two.
Hello, noble sir.
God bless you, sir.
What can I do for you?
Sir, do you know anything about an impending battle?
Surely, it's common knowledge.
Everyone who can hear has heard about it.
But, please, how near is the enemy army?
Near, and approaching quickly.
The main force is expected to arrive soon.
I thank you, sir.
That's all.
The queen is here for a special reason, but her army has moved on.
I thank you, sir.
Oh, you gentle gods: please take my life.
Don't let me be tempted to suicide again.
You pray well, old man .
Now, good sir, who are you?
I thank you heartily.
And in addition to my thanks, may heaven grant you blessings and prosperity.
Then may your hand strike surely I welcome the blow.
How dare you support this well known traitor, you bold peasant?
Get away, before his bad luck infects you too.
Let go of his arm.
I won't let go sir, not without a better reason than that.
Let go, villain, or you die!
Good gentleman, walk away and let us poor folks pass by.
If bullying like yours could kill me, I would have died at just two weeks old.
No, don't come near the old man.
Keep away, I'm warning you, or I'll find out which is harder: your head or my club.
Out of my way, you pile of dung!
I'll knock your teeth out, sir.
Come on, I'm not afraid of your sword!
You scoundrel, you've killed me!
Villain, take my purse.
If you have any decency, then bury my body.
And deliver the letters I'm carrying to Edmund, Earl of Gloucester.
Find him in the British camp.
Oh, untimely death!
I know you well a hardworking villain, and always obedient to your mistress' evil desires.
What, is he dead?
Sit down, old man.
Rest.
Let's see what's in these pockets.
The letters he spoke of might help me.
He's dead.
I'm just sorry that I had to be the executioner.
Let's see.
Off you go, you wax seal.
And, good manners  don't blame me for opening these letters.
Give me your hand.
I think I hear drums in the distance.
Come, old man, and I'll take you to stay with a friend.
Oh, good Kent, what can I do that will ever live up to your goodness?
I won't live long enough to succeed, and all my attempts will fail.
Madam, to be thanked by you is too much payment.
All that I've reported about the king is the truth  not exaggerated or understated, but just as it happened.
Change into better clothes.
These rags are memories of bad times that are now in the past.
Please, take them off.
Then I'll do that, my good lord.
How is the king doing?
Madam, he's still sleeping.
Would it please your Majesty if we woke up the king?
He's slept a long time.
Do whatever your medical expertise tells you to, and go ahead as you see fit.
Is he dressed?
Yes, madam.
We put fresh clothes on him while he was sleeping deeply.
Good madam, stay close by when we wake him up.
I'm sure he'll stay calm.
Very well.
Please, come closer.
Play the music louder!
Oh, my dear father, may my lips heal and restore you, and may this kiss repair those violent wounds that my two sisters have inflicted on your revered spirit!
Kind and dear princess!
Even if you hadn't been their father, these white locks of hair should have made them pity you.
Madam, you speak first.
That's most appropriate.
How are you, my royal lord?
How is your Majesty doing?
You do me wrong to take me out of the grave.
You are a soul in heaven, but I am chained to a wheel of fire, tormented endlessly, and even my tears burn me like molten lead.
Sir, do you know me?
You are a spirit, I know.
Where did you die?
He's still far from sanity!
He's barely awake.
Let's leave him alone for a while.
Where have I been?
Where am I?
Is it daytime?
I have been greatly deceived.
I would even die of pity to see someone else in my situation.
I don't know what to say.
I can't even promise that these are my hands.
Let's see.
I feel this pinprick.
I wish I could be sure of my condition.
Please do not mock me.
I am a very foolish, silly old man, more than eighty years old, not an hour more or less.
And to put it plainly, I fear that I'm not in my right mind.
I think I should recognize you, and this man too.
But I'm still doubtful, for I have no idea where I am, and I can't remember where I got these clothes.
I don't know where I slept last night either.
Do not laugh at me, but I swear I think this lady is my child, Cordelia.
And so I am, I am.
Are your tears real?
Yes, it's really happening.
Please, don't cry.
If you have poison for me, I'll drink it.
I know you don't love me, for your sisters have done me wrong, if I remember correctly.
No reason, no reason.
Am I in France?
You're in your own kingdom, sir.
Don't trick me.
Be comforted, good madam.
You see how his great frenzy is now over.
But it's dangerous to make him try to fill in the blank spaces of his memory.
Ask him to go inside.
Don't trouble him further until his mind is more settled.
Would it please your Highness to walk?
You must bear with me.
Please, forget and forgive.
I am old and foolish.
Sir, is it true that the Duke of Cornwall was killed?
Very true, sir.
Who is leading his men now?
They say it's Gloucester's bastard son.
I've heard that Edgar, Gloucester's banished son, is with the Earl of Kent in Germany.
Rumors are unreliable.
It's time to be on our guard.
The British army is approaching.
The battle will most likely be a bloody one.
Farewell, sir.
For better or for worse, my life and my plans completely depend on how today's battle ends.
Find out if the Duke of Albany plans to stick to his most recent plan, or if something has changed his mind.
He's very fickle and always second guessing himself.
Bring me a report of his final decision.
My sister's messenger Oswald must have had an accident.
That outcome is to be feared, madam.
Now, sweet lord, you know that I intend to honor you with my hand in marriage.
But tell me truly be honest now don't you love my sister Goneril?
With an honorable love.
But have you never taken my brother in law's place in her bed?
Such a question only insults yourself.
I'm suspicious that you have been both her ally and her lover, and are now hers.
No, madam.
Don't worry about me.
Now she and the duke her husband are here!
I would rather lose this battle than let that sister of mine come between Edmund and me.
Good to see you, Regan, my loving sister in law.
Sir, I hear that the king has joined his daughter Cordelia, along with others who have rebelled against the harshness of our rule.
I can't be brave if the cause I'm fighting for isn't honorable.
Sir, you speak nobly.
Why are we discussing this?
Then let's meet with our experienced officers and determine how to proceed.
I'll meet you at your tent right away.
Sister, will you come with us?
No.
It would be best if you did.
Please, come with us.
Oh, ha!
I'll catch up with you.
Before you fight the battle, open this letter.
If you are victorious, then blow your trumpet to signal to me.
I seem wretched now, but I can produce a champion who will defend my claims.
Stay until I've read the letter.
I was ordered not to do that.
When the time comes, all you have to do is blow a horn, and I'll appear again.
Well, farewell then.
I'll read your letter.
The enemy's in sight.
Prepare your troops.
Here is an estimate of the enemy's true strength and weaponry, drawn up by our diligent scouts.
We will be ready for the occasion.
Here, old man, use the shadow of this tree for shelter.
Pray that the right side will win this battle.
If I ever return to you again, I'll bring you good news.
May God go with you, sir.
Let's go, old man.
Give me your hand.
Now!
King Lear has been defeated, and he and his daughter are captured.
Give me your hand.
Come on.
I can't go any further, sir.
I might as well die here as anywhere else.
What, are you feeling depressed again?
We cannot choose our deaths any more than we can choose our births.
We must ripen before we decay.
Come on.
And that's true too.
Have some officers take them away.
Guard them carefully until we know what punishment has been decided for them.
We're not the first ones to have made things worse with only the best of intentions.
I'm unhappy for your sake, poor, oppressed King.
No, no, no, no!
Come, let's go to prison.
We two will sing like birds in a cage.
When you ask me for my blessing, I'll kneel down and ask you for your forgiveness.
Take them away.
Even the gods should celebrate the sacrifices you've made for me, my Cordelia.
Are we really together again?
Now it would take divine lightning bolt to separate us, like a fire to drive foxes out of their den.
Wipe your eyes.
Our enemies will waste away with age before they can make us cry again.
We'll watch them starve before that.
Come.
Come here, captain.
Listen.
Take this note.
Follow them to prison.
I've already gotten you promoted once.
If you follow these instructions, you'll be well rewarded.
Know this: we must adapt ourselves to these harsh times.
A soldier can't afford to be tender hearted.
There can be no discussion about this assignment.
Say you'll do it, or else you can find a different job.
I'll do it, my lord.
I can't do a horse's work, pulling a cart or eating dried oats.
But if it's man's work, then I'll do it.
Sir, today you've shown your courageous lineage, and luck has been on your side.
You've captured the leaders of our opposition.
I need to take custody of them now, to treat them according to their honor and do what is best for our kingdom's safety.
By your leave, sir: you are my subordinate in waging this war, not my equal.
That's for me to decide.
I think you should have asked for my opinion before speaking to him like that.
Not so fast.
He has distinguished himself with his own merits more than any honors you've conferred upon him.
I'm the one who invested my authority in him, and with it he proved his merit.
If he married you, that investment would be complete.
You joke, but it might come true.
Hey, hey!
You're squinting with jealousy and can't see straight.
Lady, I'm not feeling well, or else I would answer you with my full temper.
General, take my soldiers, my prisoners, and my inheritance.
Do whatever you want with them, and with me.
You have conquered the fortress of my heart.
Let the world be my witness that I hereby make you my lord and master.
Are you going to sleep with him right now?
It's not in your power to prevent it.
Nor is it in yours, lord.
Yes it is, you illegitimate fellow.
Let the drums beat, and fight anyone who challenges your right to me.
Wait, and listen to reason.
What a ridiculous story!
You have a sword, Gloucester .
Let the trumpets sound.
If no one appears to challenge you and prove that you are a hideous traitor, then I'll do it myself.
I make this promise on your life: I won't eat again until I prove that you're just as guilty as I say you are.
Oh, I feel sick, sick!
If she's not sick, I'll never trust poison again.
I accept your challenge.
Whoever calls me a traitor is a villainous liar.
Blow your trumpet.
Hey, a herald !
A herald, hey, a herald!
Trust in your own unaided strength now, for your soldiers were all drafted in my name.
I can feel my sickness growing.
She is not well.
Take her to my tent.
Blow the trumpet!
Again!
Again!
Ask him what he wants, and why he's stepping forward at this call of the trumpet.
Who are you?
What is your name and your rank?
Know this: my name has been lost to a traitorous worm.
But I am as noble as the opponent I've come to fight.
And which opponent is that?
Who speaks for Edmund, Earl of Gloucester?
I speak for myself.
What do you have to say to me?
Prudence would suggest that I ask your name first.
But since you look so noble and knightly and since your speech implies that you are of a high rank I will disdain the rules of knighthood that say I can refuse to fight a man I don't know.
Save him, save him!
This was trickery, Gloucester.
By the laws of dueling you didn't have to fight an unknown opponent.
You haven't been conquered only cheated and deceived.
Shut your mouth, woman, or I'll plug it up with this paper.
And what if I do?
I make the laws, not you.
Who can prosecute me for it?
Oh, how monstrous!
Do you know what this letter is?
Do not ask me what I know.
Go after her.
She's desperate.
Restrain her.
I have done all the things you've accused me of and more, much more.
You'll find out the rest in due time.
But now it's over, and so am I.
But who are you who defeated me?
If you're a nobleman, I forgive you.
Let's exchange forgiveness.
I am no less noble than you are, Edmund.
And if I'm more noble, then you've wronged me all the more.
My name is Edgar, and I'm your father's son.
You've spoken rightly.
It's true.
The wheel of fortune has come full circle.
Here I am on the bottom again.
I could tell that you were noble even by the way you walked.
Let me hug you.
I swear that I never hated you or your father.
Worthy prince, I know.
Where have you been hiding yourself?
How do you know about your father's suffering?
By nursing him through it, my lord.
Listen to my brief tale, and when it's over, oh, may my heart burst!
To escape the proclamation condemning me to death, I disguised myself in the rags of a crazy beggar, making myself a creature scorned even by dogs.
Oh, how sweet life must be, that we prefer the pain of slowly dying to death itself!
Your words have moved me, and may end up doing some good.
But continue.
You look like you have something more to say.
If there's anything more sorrowful to add, then keep it to yourself.
I'm already about to lose myself to tears from hearing this much.
But who was this man?
Help, help, oh, help!
What kind of help?
Speak, man!
What does that bloody knife mean?
It's hot, it's still smoking with life blood.
It was just removed from the heart of oh, she's dead!
Who's dead?
Speak, man.
Your wife Goneril, sir, your wife.
And she poisoned her sister Regan, who's now dead too.
She confessed it.
I was engaged to them both.
We three will now be united in death.
Here comes Kent.
Bring the bodies here, whether they're alive or dead.
The judgment of the gods makes us tremble, but it doesn't make us pity these deaths.
I am here to say goodnight forever to my king and master.
Is he not here?
What a thing for us to forget!
Speak, Edmund, where's the king?
And where's Cordelia?
Alas, why has this happened?
Despite everything, Edmund was beloved.
One sister poisoned the other for my sake, and then killed herself.
It seems so.
Cover their faces.
These are my last breaths.
I want to do a little good despite my nature.
Run, run, oh, run!
Where should we run, my lord?
Who has the orders to kill them?
Send something to prove that you've changed your commands.
Run as if your life depended on it.
Your wife and I ordered the captain to hang Cordelia in the prison and lay the blame on her own despair, making it look like she killed herself.
May the gods protect her!
Carry him away for now.
Howl, howl, howl, howl!
Oh, you are men of stone!
If I had your eyes to weep and your tongues to cry out, I'd use them until the sky itself cracked.
She's gone forever.
But I know how to tell when someone is dead and when they're alive.
She's as dead as the senseless ground.
Bring me a mirror.
If her breath makes a mist on the glass, then she's still alive.
Is this the end of the world?
Or a reflection of that final horror?
Let the world collapse and end!
This feather moved with her breath.
She lives.
If it's true, then it will make up for all the sorrows I've ever felt.
Oh my good master!
Please, go away.
It's noble Kent, your friend.
A plague on you, you're all murderers and traitors!
I could have saved her.
Now she's gone forever.
Cordelia, Cordelia, stay a little while.
What?
What are you saying?
Her voice was always so soft, gentle, and low  an excellent thing in a woman.
I killed the scum who was hanging you.
It's true, my lords, he did.
Didn't I, man?
In the old days I would've made them all dance with my sword.
But I am old now, and my trials have worn me down.
Who are you?
My eyesight's not the best.
This man was the luckiest and then the unluckiest that ever lived.
My vision is failing.
Are you not Kent?
I am.
Your servant Kent.
Where is your servant Caius ?
He's a good fellow, I can tell you that.
He'll strike when in a fight, and quickly too.
But now he's dead and rotting.
No, my good lord.
I am Caius, the man
I'll deal with this soon.
who followed you from the very beginning of your suffering and decline.
You're welcome here.
No, I'm not welcome.
No one is welcome.
Everything is cheerless, dark, and dreadful.
Yes, I think that's true.
It's pointless.
Edmund is dead, my lord.
That's just a drop in this ocean of sorrow.
You lords and noble friends, hear what I intend to do.
And my poor child was hanged.
No, no, no life left in you?
Why should a dog, a horse, or a rat have life, but you have none at all?
Oh, you'll never come to me again, never, never, never, never, never.
Please, undo this button.
Thank you, sir.
Do you see this?
Look at her.
Look, her lips.
Look there, look there.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
He faints!
My lord, my lord!
Break, heart.
Please, break!
Look up, my lord.
Don't disturb his departing spirit.
Oh, let him pass on.
He would hate anyone who made him linger in this torturous world any longer.
Oh, he is dead indeed.
It's a wonder that he endured for so long.
He was only living on borrowed time.
Carry them away from here.
Our business is now to grieve.
My dear friends, you two should rule this kingdom and keep the wounded country alive.
I have a journey to make soon, sir.
In your oath you promise to give up these things.
Then I must say no, my lord, since I only promised to study with you and stay in your court for three years.
You swore to more than that Biron.
Perhaps I did, sir, but I was only joking.
Tell me, what is the point of this study?
Well, of course, to know things that we didn't know before.
Are you talking about things that common sense hides and conceals from us?
Why yes, that is the divine advantage of study.
These things are the obstacles that stop us from studying and tempt our minds to pointless pleasures.
How intelligent he must be, to even argue against reading!
He argues well and stops us in our learning.
He pulls out the wheat , and leaves the weeds to keep growing.
When geese lay their eggs, it means that it is almost spring .
What is the next line?
Something appropriate to its place and time.
There is nothing in reason.
Then follow with something in rhyme.
Biron is like an evil, biting frost, that eats away at spring's young flowers.
Fine, don't sign the oath.
At least it saves you from the shame of not agreeing!
"The first item that no woman will come within a mile of my court.  "
Four days ago.
Let's see what the punishment would be.
"She would lose her tongue.  "
Who came up with this punishment?
That was me.
Why, sweet friend?
To scare them off with such a harsh punishment.
This is a dangerous law that goes against good manners.
"The next item, if any man is seen talking to a woman within these three years, then he will have to endure whatever public shame the rest of the court can come up with.  "
What do you think of this, lords?
I had quite forgotten about it.
Of course there is.
The servant Costard and him will be our entertainment and we will study like this.
Which of you represents the Duke?
I do, what do you want?
I am him.
Signior Arme.
.  .  Arma.  .  .  .   hopes you are well.
Sir, the contents of this letter are about me.
A letter from the magnificent Armado.
However bad the matter is, I hope to God that he speaks with good words.
Good words are a bad sort of thing to hope to God for.
Patience to listen?
Or patience to stop ourselves from laughing?
To listen patiently, sir, and only laugh a little, or to do neither of these things.
Well sir, let's hope the style is good enough for us to enjoy it.
The matter is related to me, sir, as it concerns Jaquenetta.
The fact is, I was found with Jaquenetta .
Found in what way?
And what we are about to hear?
After it I will be punished, and may God defend me!
Will you listen to this letter carefully?
As if we were listening to a prophecy.
Men are so stupid to not be able to resist women.
"Great leader, the heavenly commander and only ruler of Navarre, my soul's god on earth and my body's protector.  "
No mention of Costard yet.
"So it is.
That might be true, but telling the truth isn't even worth much nowadays.
Peace!
Peace be to me and every man who doesn't stick up for themselves!
Stop talking!
I ask you to stop talking about other men's private affairs.
Me?
"That illiterate, stupid boy,"
Me?
"that empty rascal,"
Still me?
"who, if I remember, is called Costard,"
Oh, it is me!
"who associated himself with and mingled, against your fixed oath and your rules, with, oh it pains me to say who with.  "
With a girl.
"with a child of Eve, a female, or if it helps you to understand it better, a woman.
Encouraged by my sense of duty, I have sent him to you to be punished, along with your sweet grace's officer, Anthony Dull a man who has a good reputation, behavior, manner and opinion.  "
That's me, if it pleases you.
"As for Jaquenetta, as she is the weaker of the two that I caught, I will keep her as a symbol of the law's anger and will, whenever you want me to, bring her to trial.
Yours, with respects to my devoted and burning sense of duty.
ADRIANO DE ARMADO.  "
Yes, it is the best example of something awful.
But, boy, what do you have to say for yourself?
Sir, I admit to being with the wench.
Did you hear the announcement?
I confess that I did hear it but I didn't pay much attention to it.
It was announced that if you were found with a wench, you would be imprisoned for a year.
I was not found with a wench, sir, I was found with a damsel .
Well then, the same applies to a "damsel.  "
Then she was not a damsel either sir; she was a virgin.
That is just the same thing expressed in different words; it also applies to "virgin.  "
If that's true then she is not a virgin, I was found with a maid.
This maid will not help you sir.
This maid did help me sir.
I would rather pray for a month with some mutton and porridge.
Don Armado shall look after you.
I know for certain, these oaths and laws will prove to be pointless soon enough.
Come on boy.
I will be punished for the truth sir, for it is true, I was found with Jaquenetta and she is a true girl.
Therefore bring on my suffering !
What does it mean, Moth, when a happy man becomes melancholy?
It simply means, sir, that he is sad.
Well then sadness is always the same, dear child.
No no.
How can you understand sadness and melancholy, my dear boy?
I have often seen how it works, my tough master.
Why "tough master?"
Why "tough master?"
Why "dear boy?"
Why "dear boy?"
I said it, dear boy, as a suitable description for your youth, which I consider it dear.
And I called you my tough master, as a suitable description for your old age, which we should think of as tough.
Pretty appropriate .
What do you mean, sir?
You are pretty because you are little.
I am a little pretty, because I am little.
So am I not appropriate at all?
And indeed you are appropriate, because you are so quick.
Are you praising me, my master?
It is well deserved.
An eel could be praised in the same way as you have praised me.
What, is an eel so clever?
An eel is quick.
I meant that your wit is quick!
I understand now sir.
I do not like being contradicted.
That's difficult when his very words are contradictions .
I have promised that I will study for three years with the Duke.
You could do that in an hour, sir.
Impossible!
What is one times three?
I am not good at calculations, that is the job of the tavern  keeper.
You are both a gentleman and a gambler, sir.
I admit to being both they are the embellishments of a complete man.
Then you must know the total sum of a deuce ace ?
It amounts to one more than two.
Which the common people would call three.
True.
Why are you undertaking this difficult task sir?
What an excellent figure of speech!
That means nothing .
Hercules has, master.
Oh most sweet Hercules!
Oh worthy Samson!
Oh strong Samson!
I may be better than you with my sword but you are better than me at carrying town gates .
I am in love too.
Who was Samson's love, my dear Moth?
A woman, Master.
What was she like?
She was of all the four, or three, or two, or maybe one of the four .
Tell me precisely what she was like.
She was green like sea water.
Is that related to one of the four humors?
That's what I've read sir, and apparently it's the best of them too.
Green is certainly the color of lovers , but it would seem strange for Samson to have chosen a green lover.
He must have loved her for her cleverness.
I'm sure he did sir, for she had a childish wit.
My own love is the color of purest white and red.
Yet dirty thoughts are hidden under these colors, master.
Explain what you mean, my clever child.
May my father's wit and my mother's tongue help me!
Speak my child, with sweet and moving words!
Is there not a ballad you can sing instead boy, about the King and the Beggar ?
There used to be a ballad on that subject a long time ago, but by now it has either been lost or, if found, would not be an acceptable subject for such a tale.
I will have this story written out again, so that I can justify my own actions with a previous example.
Boy, I do love that country girl that I found in the park with the rational servant Costard; she deserves great things.
She deserves to be whipped more like.
Sing for me Moth, my heart burns with love.
And that's quite incredible, when you love a fiery wench.
I said sing!
Wait until these people have gone.
I reveal my true feelings by blushing.
Maid!
Man.
I will visit you at the house in the forest.
That's near here.
I know where it is.
Lord, you are so wise!
I will tell you wonderful things.
Really ?
I love you.
You have said that before.
Goodbye then.
May the sun shine for you!
Come Jaquenetta, let's go!
Villain, you will fast for your offenses before you are forgiven.
Well then I hope, when I do it, I can do it on a full stomach .
You will be heavily punished.
I am closer to you than your servants, for they are only lightly rewarded when I am heavily punished.
Take away this villain, shut him up.
Come on, you misbehaving slave.
Don't let me be imprisoned sir!
No sir, that would be unfair .
Well if I ever get to feel the happiness that I have felt before , then some people shall see.
What shall people see?
No, nothing, Master Moth, except what they are looking at.
I am proud to do this task, I will willingly go now.
If you are proud to do it, you should always be willing.
Who are the other men, the adoring lords, who have supposedly agreed to these same promises with our good Duke?
One of them is Lord Longaville.
Do you know this man?
People who know his moods the best do say so.
Such wit is short lived and inconsequential.
Who are the others?
Another one of these students was there with him on that occasion, if I remember correctly.
Oh my poor ladies!
You must all be in love, to describe your lords with such incredible words of praise?
Here comes Boyet.
Can we enter now, my lord?
The King of Navarre was told that you were coming and him and his partners in oath were preparing to meet you, gentle lady, before I arrived.
So far I have learnt this: He has decided that you will stay in the field, as if you were an army coming to attack his court, rather than go against his oath and let you enter his empty house.
Here comes the King now.
Welcome to the court of Navarre, fair princess.
You will be welcome, madam, to the court of Navarre.
If I am welcome, then lead me inside.
Listen to me, dear lady, I have made a promise.
Ladies, we must help my lord!
He must break his promise.
I will not break it for the world, fair madam, not of my own accord.
Your ladyship does not understand our oath.
Normally my lord, even in your ignorance you are wise, but now a desire for knowledge has made you act foolishly.
Madam, I will, right away.
Did I dance with you once in Brabant ?
Did I dance with you once in Brabant?
Yes you did.
Why did you bother asking the question then?
You should not be so sharp with me.
It is only because you encourage me with such silly questions.
Your wit is too quick, you will get tired soon.
I won't tire until I leave you lying in a ditch .
What time is it?
A time when foolish people ask foolish questions.
Well good luck to that mask that you wear!
May it continue to cover my pretty face!
And send you many lovers!
As long as you're not one of them!
I will go then.
Madam, in this letter your father asks for the repayment of a hundred thousand crowns, which is only half of what my father lent to you in his wars!
We have never received that money from you and neither did he, yet you still owe us a hundred thousand more and until we get that, one part of Aquitaine belongs to us, although the land isn't even worth that much.
If the King, your father, will give back the half which is not settled by payments, we will give up our power in Aquitaine, and maintain a good relationship with him.
You cause offense to my father, the King, and shame your own name, in refusing to accept that you received this money from us.
We will hold you to your word.
Boyet, you can collect documents to prove this deal took place from some of the officers of his father Charles.
That would be enough to convince me.
May you have good health and happiness!
And the same to you!
Lady, I will keep you in my heart.
Please do, I would be happy to see what goes on in that organ of yours.
I wish you could hear my pains.
Poor thing, are you sick?
Sick in the heart!
Oh dear, let that wound bleed out .
Would that help?
My doctor says it will.
Will you stab it with your eye?
That's pointless, but I will with my knife?
Oh never mind, good luck to you!
And may you not live long with this pain!
Sorry but I cannot stay to thank you.
Sir, I have a question for you.
That is the heir of Alencon, her name is Katharine.
A pretty lady.
Monsieur, goodbye to you now.
One quick word sir, who is that wearing white?
A woman I believe, if you see her in the light.
I want to know her name.
She has only one name for herself, and you should not wish to have it for yourself.
Please sir, whose daughter is she?
Her mother's, I have heard.
Come on, grow up!
Don't be offended good sir.
She is an heir of the Falconbridge family.
Now my anger is gone.
She is such a sweet lady.
That is very likely true.
What is her name, the one in the hat?
Rosaline, it so happens .
Is she married or not?
To her own will sir, or something like that.
Thank you sir, goodbye.
Goodbye to me sir, and welcome to you!
That last lord is Biron, every word he says is some kind of joke.
And every joke is merely one word.
You did well at fighting back against his word play.
I was as willing to have such a fight of words, as he was to respond.
Two hot sheep , indeed.
Why can't we be ships instead?
We'll only be sheep, my sweet child, if we can kiss you.
If you are a sheep, then I am a field.
Who do they belong to?
To my fate, and to me.
If my observations are correct, which they normally are, I have seen in the king's eyes, things which his heart has tried to hide.
With what?
The thing that romantics would call being lovesick.
Why do you think this?
Let's go to our tent, Boyet is in a silly mood.
You are an old match maker and you speak very well.
He is Cupid's grandfather and finds out things from him.
Then Venus must be beautiful like her mother, since her father is ugly.
Do you understand what I've told you, you foolish women?
No.
What then, do you see?
Oh yes, our cue to leave.
You are too much for me to deal with.
Sing child, let me hear a song about love.
I will sing Concolinel .
Sweet music!
Master, are you going to win your love with a French dance ?
What do you mean?
Should I fight for her in French?
No my skilled master, but if you sing a song in the style of a jig and dance along to it; if you show emotion by gazing upwards, sighing as you do so; if you sing through your throat as if you have swallowed love by singing about it; if you sing through your nose as if you have inhaled love; if you wear your hat pulled down over your eyes , with your arms crossed over your thin belly like a rabbit on a spit; if you keep your hands in your pockets, like a man posing for an old painting and if you change from one of these things to another very quickly you'll do well.
These things will make you look like a gentleman, they will make you seem whimsical and seduce saucy women who could be seduced even without these.
How do you know all of this?
By all that I have seen.
But O.  .  .  .  but O.  .  .  .
Are you calling my love a prostitute ?
I almost had.
You careless student!
You need to know everything about her by heart.
By heart and in my heart, my boy.
And indeed out of your heart, master.
What will you prove?
I am all three of these things.
Bring Costard here, I need him to deliver a letter for me.
A well thought through idea, sending that mule as a messenger for an ass.
Ha, ha!
What are you saying?
It's not far, off you go!
Is this some clever joke that I don't understand?
Isn't lead a metal and aren't metals heavy, dull and slow?
No, no, my truthful master, of course not.
I am telling you, lead is slow.
What a clever expression then!
Like a bullet then, I go.
What a clever young boy, so chatty and free with his words!
It is a wonder master!
Look here's Costard with an injured shin.
This isn't an egma , it's not a riddle or a l'envoy, no ointment, or salve in the mail sir.
Oh sir it is plantain , a plain plant!
Do wise people think otherwise?
Isn't a l'envoy a salve ?
Let me add the l'envoy.
Say the moral again.
The fox, the ape and the bumble bee, Are always quarreling, as there are only three of them.
A good conclusion, ending with the goose  shall we do more?
The boy has made a fool out of him, he's made him a goose that's for certain.
Sir your bits were quite good and your goose is certainly fat.
Come on now, come on now.
How did this argument begin anyway?
But tell me again, how could a head have injured its shin?
I will tell you sensibly now.
Let's talk no more about this matter.
Not until there is pus oozing from the shin.
Costard, sir, I am going to release you.
Oh let me be married to a Frances  I see some kind of epilogue or conclusion to my imprisonment.
For goodness sake, I mean I am going to give you your freedom, I am going to let you go.
If this is true then I will be cleared of all of my guilt and set free?
I will follow after you.
Oh you wonderful man!
My fine Jew!
Now I will look more closely at this "remuneration.  "
Remuneration!
That must be the Latin word for three farthings , three farthings or remuneration.
"What is the price of this thread?"
"One penny.  "
"I'll give you a remuneration for it!  "
Why, it sounds good.
Oh, you rascal Costard!
Am I glad to see you!
Excuse me sir, how much flesh colored ribbon can a person buy with a remuneration?
What is a remuneration?
Why, sir, it is a halfpenny farthing.
Well then you can buy three farthings worth of silk.
Thank you very much sir, and god be with you!
When would you like me to do it sir?
This afternoon.
Very well, I will do it sir!
You don't know what it is that I want you to do.
I shall know what it is, sir, after I have done it.
No, you fool, you have to know what it is first.
Okay then, I will come and find out from you tomorrow morning.
No, it must be done this afternoon.
Gardon, Oh sweet gardon !
Way better than a remuneration, eleven pence farthing better actually.
Most sweet gardon!
I cannot believe it, I am in love!
Did I just see the king, riding his horse fiercely, as they went up that hill?
I don't know, but I don't think it was him.
Well whoever it was, they seem ambitious.
Anyway, lords, today we shall be given permission to leave, and we will return to France on Saturday.
Tell me forester, where should a hunter stand when committing murder?
I guess that compared to other hunters I am beautiful, and that's an advantage.
Sorry madam, I didn't mean it like that.
What sir?
You are going to praise me and then take it away immediately?
Oh short lived flattery!
You don't think I'm beautiful?!
Oh poor me!
Madam, you are beautiful.
Don't you try to flatter me now if I am not actually beautiful then your words alone cannot change that.
Thank you for being my mirror and telling me the truth, you deserve this money even if the words are hurtful.
You are only made up of beautiful things.
Look, my beauty can be saved by money !
Oh it is a violation of beauty but is only too suitable these days!
Don't difficult wives like to have power over their husbands, simply for the praise they will get when they boss them around?
Oh look, here comes one of the common men.
Good day to you all!
Who is the head lady?
Surely you will know her, boy, by the fact that she is the only one with a head.
Okay, which of you is the greatest lady, the highest one?
The fattest and the tallest one.
The fattest and the tallest!
Of course!
What do you want, sir?
Why are you here?
I have a letter from Monsieur Biron to one Lady Rosaline.
Oh a letter, a letter!
Biron is a good friend of mine, so hand it over messenger.
Boyet, you can open it let's hear this love letter.
As you wish.
Hang on a minute, this letter must be a mistake, it has nothing to do with anyone here.
We will read it, I insist.
Open up the letter and let everyone hear what it has to say.
"By heaven, it is certain that you are beautiful; it is true that you are pretty and it is even more true that you are lovely.
What kind of show off wrote this letter?
I am convinced that I know the person who has written it.
A word, Costard.
I told you my lord.
Who did he tell you to give it to?
He said to give it to my lady, from my lord.
From which lord to which lady?
You have got the wrong letter.
Come, lords, let's go.
Here you go, my sweet friend, keep this it will truly be yours one day soon.
Who is the next shooter ?
Who is the next shooter?
Shall I let you in on a secret?
Why yes, you beautiful thing.
Well of course, it's the person that has the bow.
Dodged that one well!
My lady is going to kill deer right now, but if you ever marry, then I'll be sure, men aren't getting what they want .
What a good come back!
Okay then, I am the shooter.
And who will be your prey?
You keep trying to argue with her Boyet, but she hits you right in the head.
But she herself has been hit lower, in the heart, hasn't she?
Shall I fight back against you with such an old saying, that was around even when King Pepin of France was a little boy, in song?
My goodness, what an exchange of words!
A target that has been well shot, seeing as they both did hit their mark.
A target!
Oh, remember that target!
A target, says my lady!
Let that target have a bull's eye in it and I will take aim now.
You are aiming too wide from the target!
Indeed, you are out of practice.
Indeed, he should shoot from closer, or he will never hit the cloth at all.
Well if my hand isn't touching anything , then yours must be.
Then she'll get the best shot in the end.
Stop that now, don't say such indecent things your mouth is dirty.
She's too good at archery for you, sir.
I fear the balls will rub too much.
Good night, you wise thing.
Oh dear, what a suitor!
Such a simple fellow!
Lord, lord, how the ladies and I have mocked him!
Oh my word, what hilarious jokes!
What fine, common wit!
A very good shot, really, and you did it with a clear conscience.
Really, Master Holofernes, the variety of names you have used are lovely, similar to how a scholar would speak to say the least.
Sir Nathaniel, haud credo .
It wasn't an old grey doe , it was a two year old deer.
What a ridiculous announcement!
I just said that the deer was not an old grey doe, it was a two year old deer.
Oh twice boiled simplicity, twice cooked!
Oh, you monster Ignorance, you look so deformed.
You two are book men are you clever enough to tell me what was a month old when Cain was born, but still isn't five weeks old yet?
That would be Dictynna my goodman Dull, that would be Dictynna.
What is Dictynna?
A title for the sister of Apollo, for Luna, the moon .
The moon was only a month old when Adam was the same age, and it hadn't reached five weeks old, even when Adam was a hundred!
The riddle works for Adam as well.
It's true indeed, the word play still works, even when the riddle has been changed.
May God help your intelligence!
I said already, that the riddle works for Adam as well.
Sir Nathaniel, would you like to hear an improvised eulogy about the death of the deer?
To please the stupid listeners, I pricket.
Go on, good Master Holofernes, go on.
I will focus on using alliteration, as it will help the flow of it.
He has a rare talent!
Only if a talent is a claw, because look at how he flatters him with his talent.
Sir, I thank the Lord for you, and so do the people in my parish as well, since their sons are taught very well by you and their daughters make progress too.
By Hercules , if their sons are intelligent, I will teach them everything I know; if their daughters are able to understand, I will set them to work as well !
Good day to you, master Person .
She says Parson, as if the word was piers on.
If someone should be pierced, who will it be?
Breaking open an ale barrel!
A good moment of wit from someone so stupid, enough of a spark to light a fire, enough of a jewel to interest a villain.
Yes sir, and you are very good at them.
Let's hear a paragraph of it, or a stanza, or a verse.
Yes sir, from someone called Monsieur Biron, one of the foreign queen's lords.
I will look again at who the letter is addressed to: "To the pure, white hand of the most beautiful Lady Rosaline.  "
I will now look again at the signature of the letter, to find the name of the person who has written it: "Yours, in any way you want me to be, BIRON.  "
Good Costard, come with me!
Sir, God's thanks to you!
I'll go with you, my girl.
Sir, you have acted in fear of God, very religiously, and as a certain father said.
Sir don't tell me what this father said, I am scared of these displays of reason .
To return to the verses of that letter, did you enjoy them, Nathaniel?
The handwriting was very nice.
And certainly, the text truly settles the matter.
Sir, you are invited as well and you will not turn me down.
Fewer words are best.
Why me!
My goodness, he has been struck too!
Carry on, sweet Cupid, you have shot him in the heart with your arrow.
Let's hear what he will confess!
Oh, it is Longaville, and he is reading!
He looks as lovesick as you do, another foolish man!
Oh poor me, I am finished!
Look at him, he comes in dressed like a liar, covered in papers .
I hope he's in love, I could use the company!
One lovesick man loves another woman.
Am I the first to be untruthful in this way?
I fear that my poetry will not make her love me.
This is what I've got so far.
Didn't the heavenly words that your eye speaks, words that no one in the world can debate against, convince my heart to be dishonest in this way?
The vows that I have broken for you don't deserve to be punished.
I promised to abandon all women, but if I can prove that you are the goddess I think you are, then I have not broken any promise.
This is written in the lover's style, which tries to make humans seem like gods, a silly young woman seem like a goddess.
It is pure, pure glorification.
God help us, God help us!
Who shall I send this poem with?
There's someone here, hang on.
Steps aside He hides.
Dumain is transformed as well!
Four fools in one place!
Oh most divine Kate!
Oh another ridiculous fool !
By heaven, the wonder of her mortal eye.
You should say "by earth" as she is human, there you have already lied.
Her amber hair makes the color amber itself even look ugly.
An amber colored raven would be a better description.
She is as upright as a cedar tree.
Come down to earth !
She is as beautiful as the day.
Yes, maybe she is as beautiful as the days when the sun doesn't shine.
Oh that I could have my love!
And I have mine!
And I have mine as well, good Lord!
So be it, if I could have mine too isn't that good of me?
I would try to forget her, but she has made my blood hot and so must be remembered.
I will read the verse once more.
On a day, oh on that day!
You are prepared to break your vow for this paradise.
And you think even Jupiter would break a promise to have your love.
What will Biron say when he hears that your promises have been broken, when you swore to keep them with such enthusiasm?
How he will scorn, how he will mock you!
How he will hold it over you, laughing at your ridiculousness!
Now I will come forwards to stir things up even more.
My good lord, I pray you, forgive me!
You are too mean in your jokes.
Have we been betrayed by what you have seen?
Be quiet!
Why do you go away so quickly?
I hurry away from love.
God bless the King!
What gift have you got there?
It's definitely treason.
What does treason have to do with it?
Treason doesn't have to do anything sir, it's just treason.
Then I don't have to let it ruin anything either.
Biron, read it.
Where did you get it?
From Costard.
Costard, where did you get it?
From Dun Adramadio , from Dun Adramadio.
Hey!
What are you doing?
Why did you tear it up?
It was nothing, my lord, nothing your grace doesn't need to worry about it.
It made him have a tantrum, so I think we should hear it.
It is in Biron's writing, and look, here's his name.
Oh you stupid idiot!
You were born to get me in trouble.
Guilty, my lord, guilty!
I confess, I confess.
What do you confess?
Now we're all square.
True, true, there are four of us.
Will these lovers leave?
Okay you two, time to go!
The honest people will walk away and leave the traitors behind.
My sweet lords, sweet lovers, oh let's hug it out!
What, did these lines we have been given show some love of yours?
Did they, you ask!
Who has seen the heavenly Rosaline, that would not, like an ignorant and uncivilized man of India, on seeing the first light of dawn, bow his inferior head and struck blind by its light, kiss the ground with a willing heart?
What unblinking, strong eye would dare to look at the heaven of her face and not be blinded by her beauty?
What desire, what frenzy has inspired you now?
My eyes then are not eyes, and I am not Biron if what you say is true.
By heaven, your love is as black as ebony !
Is she like ebony?
Oh then this wood is divine!
A wife of this wood would be a happy thing.
Oh who should swear to an oath?!
Find me a bible.
I want to swear on it that beauty is missing out if it doesn't learn from Rosaline's eye how to appear there is no face so beautiful, as one that is dark.
That's a contradiction!
Black is a sign of hell, it is the color of dungeons and the teacher of night's darkness.
The Devil can transform itself into an angel of light.
Oh, if my lady's eyebrows were painted black like the fashion , it would show how cosmetics and false hair can tempt lovers with misleading appearances.
Chimney sweepers now try to look like her.
And since her, even coal miners are thought to be beautiful.
And even Ethiops boast about their sweet complexions.
We don't even need candles now when it is dark, because darkness has become light.
Well then, it would be good if your mistress did go outside in the rain, because sir, her face could do with being washed.
Then on the last day of the world, she will be more frightening than any devil.
I never knew a man to care so much about something so cheap.
Look, here's your love you can look at my black shoe and see her face.
Oh, even if the streets were covered with your eyes, her feet would be too elegant to walk on them!
Oh, that's disgusting!
As she walks, these eyes would have to see up her dress as she walks on them.
But what does this mean?
Are we all in love?
Oh that is certain, and so we have all broken our oath!
Yes indeed, do that make this evil seem a bit better.
Some medicine for our illness.
Oh it is more than necessary.
Here it goes then, love's warriors.
Think about what you first promised, to fast, to study and to see no women promising to do these things is treason against the best time of your life.
Think about it, should we fast?
Our stomachs are too young and not eating could give us diseases.
For Saint Cupid then!
Like soldiers, let's go to our battlefield!
Hold up your flags and march with them lords.
Let's go!
There is no time to be lost in our preparations.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Enough is enough.
A remarkable and appropriate description.
He prolongs his argument for so long that the topic itself is forgotten.
God be praised, I understand good.
Good, good, when you should have said well!
Your language is slightly wrong, but it will do.
Do you see who is coming?
I see, and I am glad.
Greetings sir !
Why does he say chirrah and not sir?
Men of peace, it is lovely to meet you.
What a soldierly greeting, hello to you too.
Hang on, their conversation is starting.
Sir, are you very clever?
Yes he is!
He teaches young boys their alphabet, their numbers, their prayers, you name it!
It's Ba, my child, with an added horn.
Baaaaa, you silly sheep with a horn.
Did you hear his clever line?
Who, who are you talking to, you insignificant boy?
To the third of the five vowels, if you say them.
Okay I will repeat them a, e, i
Oh there's the sheep!
Oh wow, like a wave of the Mediterranean as it hits the coast, a lovely blow, a quick hit of wit!
A quick snip snap that hit its target!
It pleases my mind, what true wit!
The wit of a child to an old man, which is wit old !
What is this figure of speech?
What is this figure of speech?
One which has horns.
You argue like a child, go and spin your head around somewhere .
Oh, I smell false Latin; he uses dunghill instead of "unguem!  "
You clever man, walk with me.
Or on the top of the hill.
Use it when you want, to mean a mountain .
I do, without question.
Sir, the King greatly desires and hopes to be able to greet the Princess in her tent later today , a time which the uneducated people call the "afternoon.  "
Sir, the king is a noble gentleman, and my close friend, indeed he is a very good friend of mine; the secrets that we share will stay as secrets.
Sir, you shall present her with the story of the "Nine Worthies.  "
Where are you going to find men worthy enough to play these men?
You will play Joshua;  This brave gentleman will play Judas Maccabaeus ; Costard, because he is a large boy, will pass for Pompey the Great; Moth will play Hercules.
Can I be heard?
That's an excellent plan!
It also means that if anyone in the audience hisses at me, you can simply shout "Well done, Hercules!
Now you have killed the snake!  "
What about the rest of the Worthies?
I will play three of them myself.
That makes you three times as worthy!
Can I tell you something?
We are listening.
If this does not succeed, we will be a laughing stock.
I beg you, follow me now.
Come on, my good Dull!
You haven't said anything this whole time.
I haven't understood anything that's been said either.
Let's go!
You will be involved as well.
I'll take part in one dance or something, or I could play the drum for the Worthies, while they do a country dance.
Come boring and honest Dull!
Let's go and prepare!
My sweet friends, we are going to be rich before we leave here, if gifts keep arriving so often.
I will be a lady surrounded by jewels!
Madam, was anything else sent with that?
Just this.
That was his way of making his name bigger, since he was and always will be a boy.
You'll never be friends with him, if he kills your sister .
What's your hidden meaning, dear, in using the word"light?"
That your promiscuity could be hidden by your dark beauty .
Shed more light on the subject and we'll work out what you mean.
You'll ruin the light by getting offended; therefore I'll end this argument and leave you in the dark.
Whatever you do, just make sure you do it in the dark.
You wouldn't need to bother, since you don't care about being indecent.
You don't value me ?
Oh, you mean that you don't care about me.
For good reason, for it's not worth worrying about something which isn't going to improve.
Well played both of you, well played !
Rosaline, you have a love token as well.
Who sent it to you and what is it?
Does it seem accurate to you?
You are as pretty as ink, that's a good conclusion.
You are as beautiful as the large letter B written in a writing manual.
Take care paintbrushes!
Curse that joke!
I wish a plague on all chatty women like you.
Katharine, what did the lovely Dumain send you?
Madam, this glove.
Did he not send you two?
Longaville sent me these pearls and this letter, which is far too long.
I think you're right.
Would it be better if the necklace was longer and the letter shorter?
Yes, and then these hands would never have to part .
We are clever girls to mock our lovers like this.
Or they are huge fools for earning this level of mockery.
I'll make Biron suffer before I go, if only I'd have known how deeply he was in love sooner!
A young man's blood isn't even as uncontrollable as when serious matters become indecent.
Here comes Boyet, and he is full of cheer.
Oh, I hurt from laughing so much!
Where is her grace?
What's happened Boyet?
Get ready, madam, get ready!
There are men here to disrupt your peaceful chat.
Saint Denis now stands against Saint Cupid !
Who are the men that come to speak with us?
Tell us, spy, tell us.
I was having a nap in the shade of a sycamore tree for half an hour, when suddenly, my nap was interrupted.
I heard the King and his companions talking nearby and I carefully hid in a bush nearby, and heard them discussing what you will hear them tell you again in a minute; that they will be here soon, in disguise.
But what, but what, they have come to visit us?
They have, they are coming now and are dressed in this way.
They are dressed like Muscovites or Russians it looks like.
Will they now?
Come on then, let's make sure we wear these gifts in an obvious place.
What is the point of these exchanges?
But do we dance with them, if they want us to?
Oh wow, that disgust will upset the speaker and he will completely forget what he was going to say.
That's the trumpets!
All hail the richest beauties on the earth!
Their beauties are no better than a good piece of silk.
A divine collection of the most beautiful women.
That ever turned away from mortal opinions.
Their eyes, you idiot, their eyes!
That ever turned their eyes away from mortal opinions.
Out!
Yes, get out.
Although we are not liked by you, you heavenly goddesses, promise not to look
Promise to look at us, you rascal.
Promise to look at us with your sun beamed eyes with your shining, glistening eyes
They will not answer to a name like that, it would be better if you called them "daughter beamed" eyes instead.
They aren't paying attention to me, and that annoys me.
Is that the best that you have to say?
Get out of here, you scoundrel!
What do these foreign men want?
What do you want with the Princess?
Simply a peaceful and a friendly visit.
What did they say they wanted?
Simply a peaceful and a friendly visit.
Well, they have had that now, so tell them they can leave.
She says you have had a peaceful and friendly visit and now you may leave.
Tell her that we have traveled for many miles to dance with her on this grass.
They say that they have traveled for many miles to dance with you on this grass.
That's not true.
If you have traveled many miles to get there, the Princess would like to know how many inches are in one mile.
Tell her that we measured our journey by the weary steps that we took.
She heard you herself.
Okay then, out of the many weary miles that you have traveled, how many weary steps did you take in one mile?
My face is just a reflection, and it is masked as well.
How lucky are the masks, which cover the ladies faces, as clouds cover the sky!
Be safe bright moon, and your stars will shine on our weeping eyes, once your masks have been removed.
Oh what a pointless wish!
Then, while we are here, just let us have one dance.
You asked me to beg, and we're used to doing that.
Let the music play then!
We must dance soon.
Not yet!
No dancing yet!
I change as quickly as the moon does.
Why won't you dance?
Why do you stay so far away from me?
You thought that it was a full moon, but now it's already changed to something else.
Yet if you are still the moon, then I can be the man in the moon.
The music is starting, lets organize some dancing to it.
Our ears can listen to it.
But your legs should dance to it.
As you are foreigners and happened to come here, we don't have to do what you want.
Take my hand now, we will not dance with you.
Well, why are we holding hands then?
Only to say goodbye as friends.
Let us have more of this , please.
We can't let you have more just because you ask.
Then value yourselves, what will buy us your company?
Only your absence.
That will never happen.
If you won't dance with me, then let's at least chat more.
Okay, but in private.
I am happy with that.
My pale handed mistress, let me have one word with you.
Honey, milk, sugar there, that's three words.
No then, let me have two lots of three, or if you are feeling nice, I'll have three more .
Well played dice!
One word in secret.
As long as it's not sweet.
You hurt my wound .
Your wound!
How bitter !
Let's talk.
Will you give me the chance to call you by another name?
Name it.
Fair lady
Do you think so?
Fair lord, take that in exchange for your "fair lady.  "
If you want to, let's talk more in private and then I'll bid you goodbye.
Sorry, does your mask not allow you to speak?
I know why you ask me that, lady.
Oh okay then, tell me the reason!
Quickly, I can't wait to hear it.
You have two mouths beneath that mask, so you could give me one of them and then I would speak.
The Dutchman says "Veal.  "
Isn't veal a calf?
A calf, fair lady!
No, a fair lord calf !
Can't we share the word?
Look how you strike me with your hurtful mockery!
Will you give your husband horns , chaste lady?
Don't do that.
Then you should die while you're young, before your horns can grow.
One word in private with you then, before I die.
Talk softly then, you wouldn't want the butcher to hear you.
No more words, my maids.
My goodness, we've all been severely beaten by their mockery.
Goodbye, you mad women, your wits are quite plain.
Twenty goodbyes to you, you cold Muscovites.
Are these the kind of wits that you saw earlier?
They were like candles, blown out by your words.
They have large minds, that are wide and fat.
Oh what a lack of wit, what feeble mockery for a King!
Don't you think they might hang themselves tonight in shame?
Or only show their faces when hidden behind masks?
The lively Biron seemed very upset.
Oh they were all in sorry states!
The King was ready to cry in trying to find something to say to you.
Biron swore that he had nothing left to say.
Lord Longaville said that I had taken possession of his heart, and do you know what he called me?
A qualm perhaps?
Yes he did.
Go, you must be a sickness!
Well I've talked to cleverer people who have worn plain woolen caps .
But did you hear?
The King swore that he loved me.
And the impatient Biron committed to loving me.
And Longaville to being my love.
Dumain is mine, as certain as the fact that there is bark on a tree.
They will come back?
What do you mean blossom?
How can we blossom?
Speak simply.
Get rid of such puzzling lines!
What shall we do if they come back to woo us dressed as themselves?
Ladies, withdraw, the men will be here soon.
Let's dash to our tents, like deer when they run across land.
Hello sir, God bless you!
Where is the Princess?
I would like to ask her to speak with me for just a minute.
I will ask her, and she will come, I know it my lord.
Let a blister grow on the tongue of the man that made Moth forget his lines!
Look, he is coming!
What were good manners until Boyet showed us what they could be?
And where are they now?
All hail, sweet madam, and fair time of day!
"Fair" in "all hail" is foul, as I conceive.
Construe my speeches better, if you may.
Then wish me better; I will give you leave.
We came to visit you, and purpose now To lead you to our court; vouchsafe it then.
This field shall hold me; and so hold your vow: Nor God, nor I, delights in perjured men.
Rebuke me not for that which you provoke: The virtue of your eye must break my oath.
You nickname virtue; vice you should have spoke; For virtue's office never breaks men's troth.
Madam, speak true.
This jest is dry to me.
This proves you wise and rich, for in my eye,
I am a fool, and full of poverty.
But there you take the words that I was about to say about you, it is not nice to take words from my tongue.
Oh I am all yours, and so is everything I own!
So the whole fool is mine?
I can't give you any less.
Which mask did you wear?
Where?
When?
What mask?
Why do you ask me this?
There, then, that mask, that ridiculous covering, that hid the worst of you and showed a better face.
We are found out!
Let's confess and turn it into a joke.
You look bewildered my lord?
Or are you sad?
Help, hold his brows!
He might faint!
Why do you look so pale?
Perhaps you're sea sick, having travelled all the way from Muscovy.
Therefore do whatever you want to us for our lies.
Can a shameless face like mine last much longer?
Speak without, without, I beg of you.
No, the men who gave us these presents are generous.
We have stopped being honorable men already, please don't try to ruin us.
Quiet!
I'll have nothing more to do with you.
Neither will I, if I get what I want.
I'm done with speaking to you, my wits are done for.
Tell us, sweet madam, what we can do to make up for our bad behavior.
The fairest way is by confessing.
Was it you that come here before in disguise?
Madam, it was.
And were you in your right mind?
I was, fair madam.
When you were here before, what did you whisper in your lady's ear?
That more than anything else, I valued her.
When she will lay claim to this, you will reject her.
Upon my honor, I won't.
Peace, peace!
Hate me, if I break another oath.
I will and therefore make sure you keep it.
Rosaline, what did the Russian whisper in your ear?
Madam, he swore that I was as important to him as precious eyesight and that he valued me more than the world, adding also that he would marry me, or die my lover.
God may you have him!
This noble lord most honorably has forgotten what he promised.
What do you mean madam?
By my life, my dear, I never swore this lady such an oath.
By heaven, you did and to prove it even more, you gave me this!
I'll have neither of them, I give up both of them.
Couldn't you have prevented this from happening, stopped us from breaking our oath?
Don't you And laugh upon the apple of her eye?
Well done, your argument has moved at full speed, good job.
Oh, he is going back immediately to his witty lines.
Peace, I am done with this.
Enter COSTARD COSTARD enters.
Welcome, you witty thing!
You're breaking up a good fight.
Oh Lord sir, I was just sent to find out whether the three Worthies can come in yet or not.
What?
No sir, it is perfectly all right, it's just that each person is playing three parts.
And three times three is nine.
That is not so sir, I hope it is not so.
You can't take us for fools sir I can assure you, we know what we know.
Is not nine.
To correct you sir, we know what it amounts to.
My goodness, I always thought that three threes were nine.
Oh Lord sir, it would be difficult for you if you had to make your living by doing calculations.
How much is it then?
Are you one of the Worthies?
They thought that I was worthy enough to play Pompion the Great and although I don't know the rank of this Worthy, I am happy to play him.
Go, tell them to get ready.
We will pull it off sir, we will take care we do.
Biron, let's not let them perform, they will shame us!
We are shame proof my lord and anyway, it is a clever device to have a show that is worse than the King's and his company.
I am telling you, they aren't coming.
A good description of what we just did as Russians, my lord.
King, I was wondering if you would use up some of your royal, sweet breath to say a few words before the show begins.
Is this man religious?
Why do you ask?
He doesn't speak like a man of God.
You are about to see a good company of Worthies.
He presents Hector of Troy, Costard is Pompey the Great, the parson is Alexander the Great, Armado's attendant is Hercules and the pedantic teacher is Judas Maccabaeus.
There are five in the first show.
You are wrong, that's not true.
The ship has set off, and here she comes with all speed.
I Pompey am
That's a lie, you are not Pompey.
I Pompey am
With a leopard's head on his knee!
Well said, my good man, I should be friends with you.
I Pompey am, with the surname of "the Big.  "
You mean "The Great.  "
Great thanks to you, great Pompey.
It wasn't very good, but I hope I was at least word perfect.
I'll bet anything that Pompey ends up being the best Worthy.
Maybe it's your nose that says he isn't Alexander, my soft smelling knight.
The conqueror is upset.
Carry on, good Alexander.
When I was alive, I was the world's commander
That's true, that's right, you were Alexander.
Pompey the Great?
Your servant sir, and also Costard.
Take away the conquerer, take away Alexander.
Oh sir, you have ruined Alexander the Great!
I am Judas
A traitor!
Not Judas Iscariot sir, I am called Judas Maccabaeus.
Judas Maccabaeus shortened is just Judas.
A kissing traitor.
What do you say, does that prove you're Judas?
I am Judas
Shame on you Judas.
What do you mean sir?
To make Judas hang himself.
You should hang yourself first sir, as you are my elder.
A nice line, as Judas was hanged on an elder tree.
I will not allow my face to show I am upset.
Because you have no face.
What is this?
A grotesque head.
Or the head of a hairpin , elaborately decorated.
The face of death on a ring .
The knob at the end of Caesar's sword.
The carved bone face on a flask.
The face of Saint George in profile on a brooch.
Yes, and a brooch made of lead at that.
Yes, and one that is worn in the cap of a dentist .
Now let's carry on, for we have stopped you from feeling embarrassed.
Actually you have made me feel quite embarrassed and my face is blushing.
Lies!
But you have made them all shameful things.
Even if you were a lion, we would do the same.
Yet, he's an ass , so let him go.
And so goodbye, sweet Jude!
Why are you staying here?
To hear the rest of his name.
Give the ass to the Jude, give it to him Jude ass away!
That is not kind, not nice, not worthy.
Get Monsieur Judas a light !
It is getting dark, he might stumble .
Oh, poor Maccabaeus, how he's been mocked!
Achilles you'd better hide, here comes Hector with weapons.
Although I'll pay for my mockery later, I'll keep having fun for now.
Hector was a Trojan who did the same.
But is this Hector?
I don't think Hector was that well built.
His leg is too big to be Hector's.
He has more calf, that's for certain.
No actually, he's best endowed just below the calf .
This cannot be Hector.
He must be either a god or a painter, because he creates some interesting faces.
Mars, mighty in arms, with his powerful spears, gave Hector a gift.
Was it a lemon?
Filled with garlic?
No, split down the middle.
Quiet!
A mint maybe.
A columbine .
Sweet Lord Longaville, please watch your tongue.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to let it run free, since it runs after Hector.
Yes, and Hector was very fast.
The sweet warrior is long dead and gone but sweet people, do not speak badly about the dead.
When he breathed he was a man.
Sweet royalty, please listen to what I have to say.
Speak, brave Hector, we are delighted to hear what you have to say.
I love your sweet grace's shoe.
He loves her foot.
He isn't allowed to love three feet .
This Hector was even greater than Hannibal.
What do you mean?
Faith, unless you are actually Hector, the poor girl is ruined, she is pregnant and the child is already strutting around in her belly.
Are you trying to ruin me in front of these powerful people?
You shall die for it.
Hector will have to be whipped as well because Jaquenetta is pregnant by him and then he will have to be hanged for killing me, Pompey.
Well said Pompey!
Renowned Pompey!
You are even greater than great, great, great, great Pompey!
You are now Pompey the Huge!
Hector trembles.
Pompey is moved.
More conflict , more conflict, encourage them!
Encourage them!
Hector will challenge him.
Yes, but he won't be able to hurt Pompey enough to even draw enough blood to feed a flea.
I challenge you by the north pole.
I'm not going to fight you with a spear, like a northern man .
I will stab you and I will do it with a sword.
Make room for the angry Worthies!
I'll fight just in my shirt.
Pompey is so determined!
Master, I'll help you to take off your clothes.
Do you not see that Pompey is undressing ready to fight you?
What are you doing?
You will ruin your reputation if you don't.
You can't refuse, Pompey has challenged you.
Fiery men, I both can and I will.
What reason do you have for doing that?
The real truth of it is, I'm not wearing a shirt.
God save you, madam!
Welcome Mercade, but you have interrupted our entertainment.
I am sorry madam, but the news I bring is hard to report.
The king your father
Is dead, I know it!
It is true, that's what I came here to say.
Worthies, leave!
The scene has become darker.
For my own part I am relieved that I can breathe the air freely.
I have seen how you can be humiliated for doing bad things, and I am going to punish myself like a soldier.
How are you, your majesty?
Boyet, prepare our things, we will leave tonight.
Madam, don't leave, I ask you to stay.
Prepare our things, I said.
I don't understand you, I am grieving too much.
Our letters madam, were much more than just jokes.
Our looks were too.
We didn't fully notice them.
Now in this final moment, give us your loves.
This time is too short to make a decision which is going to last forever.
But what's there for me, my love?
What's there for me?
A wife?
Then, can I say, I thank you, my sweet wife?
I'll be faithful to you and wait until then.
Don't swear to that, I would hate for you to break another oath.
What does Maria say?
After twelve months I will change out of my black gown, for a faithful lover.
I'll wait with patience, but it's a long time.
That's more like you, you may be tall but you're also young.
Are you deep in thought my lady?
To make people laugh when they are about to die?
That's impossible I tell you, hilarity cannot affect a person who is in pain.
Twelve months!
Okay well maybe if I get injured, I could spend the year in a hospital waiting for you.
Yes my lord, and so I will go.
No madam, we will accompany you when you leave.
Come sir, it is only for just over a year, and then it will be over.
That's too long for a play.
Your majesty, hear what I have to say.
Wasn't he Hector?
The worthy knight of Troy.
I will kiss your royal finger and leave.
Call them here quickly, we will hear it.
Hey!
Come here.
Spring.
It is jarring to speak any words after a song like that.
You go this way, we will go this way .
When will we three meet again?
In a thunderstorm, or in a lightning storm, or when it's raining?
When the mayhem’s finished, when the battle’s been lost by one side and won by the other.
That will happen before the sun sets.
At what place?
Out in the field.
We’ll meet Macbeth there.
Coming, Graymalkin!
Paddock calls me.
I'll be there soon.
What's fair is foul, and what's foul is fair.
Who’s this bloody man?
From the looks of him, it seems likely he can give us the latest news about the revolt.
This is the sergeant, a good and tough soldier who fought to stop me from getting captured.
Greetings, brave friend!
Tell the king about your knowledge of the battle from how you left it.
Oh, heroic cousin !
A worthy gentleman!
But just as terrible storms and dreadful thunder come right when the sun rises, so did new trouble arise from what had seemed to be our triumph.
Listen, King of Scotland, listen: as soon as we defeated those Irish soldiers and sent them running, the Norwegian king spied an advantage and began a new assault with fresh soldiers and sharpened weapons.
Didn’t this trouble our captains, Macbeth and Banquo?
About as much as sparrows trouble eagles, or rabbits scare a lion.
Your words speak to your honor  as do your wounds.
Get him to a doctor.
Who’s just arrived?
The worthy Thane of Ross.
His eyes are wild!
He looks like a man with an incredible story to tell.
God save the king.
Where have you come from, heroic thane?
Great King, I've come from Fife, where the Norwegian flag flies  mocking our land and terrifying our people.
Great happiness!
Now Sweno, the Norwegian king, begs for a peace treaty.
We refused to let him bury his men until he retreated to Saint Colme’s Inch and gave us ten thousand dollars.
I’ll do that.
Noble Macbeth has won what the Thane of Cawdor has lost.
Where have you been, sister?
Killing pigs.
Where were you, sister?
A sailor’s wife had chestnuts in her lap and munched, and munched, and munched them.
“Give me one,” I said.
“Get out of here, witch!
” the fat bottomed, scabby woman cried.
Her husband has gone to Aleppo as captain of a sailing ship called The Tiger.
I’ll make a wind for you to sail there.
That’s very kind.
And I’ll give you another wind.
I’m already master of all the other winds, the locations from which they originate, and every direction on the compass that they can blow.
Show me, show me.
Here I hold the thumb of a captain who was shipwrecked while returning home.
A drum, a drum!
Macbeth comes.
How far is it to Forres, King Duncan’s palace?
Speak, if you can.
All hail, Macbeth!
Hail to you, Thane of Glamis!
All hail, Macbeth!
Hail to you, Thane of Cawdor!
All hail, Macbeth, who will be king in the future!
Hail!
Hail!
Hail!
You are lesser than Macbeth but also greater.
Your descendants will be kings, though you will not be king.
So all hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
Banquo and Macbeth, all hail!
Wait!
You have not told me everything.
Tell me more.
The earth has bubbles, just like as water does.
These beings must come from such a bubble.
Were these creatures that we're discussing ever even here?
Or have we both eaten some root that's given us hallucinations?
Your children will be kings.
You will be king.
And Thane of Cawdor too.
Those were their exact words.
Who’s coming here?
We’ve been sent to give you the king’s thanks and to escort you to him, although we don’t have your reward.
But   to give you a hint of the honors coming your way  the king told me to call you the Thane of Cawdor.
What?
The Thane of Cawdor is still alive.
How can you pretend that his title is now mine?
The former Thane of Cawdor is still alive, but he’s held under a death sentence  and he deserves to die.
Glamis, and Thane of Cawdor!
With the biggest part of their prophecy yet to come.
Thanks for your efforts to bring this news.
Are you starting to believe your children might be kings, since the witches who said I would be Thane of Cawdor promised they would be?
If you trust them, then it seems you might eventually become king, not just Thane of Cawdor.
But all of this is strange.
Two of the prophecies have come true, making it seem like this will end with my rise to the throne.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Look how our friend is daydreaming.
Like brand new clothes, Macbeth’s new titles don’t fit well until they’ve been worn for a while.
No matter what happens, time continues on.
Good Macbeth, we’re waiting for you, whenever you’re ready to go.
Pardon me.
I was occupied by forgotten thoughts.
Kind gentlemen, I won’t forget your efforts today, and will remember them every day.
Let’s go to the king.
Think about what just happened, and let’s discuss it freely with one another when we’ve both had more time to consider its implications.
Gladly.
Until then, we'll keep quiet about it.
Let’s go, my friends.
Has the Thane of Cawdor been executed?
Have those in charge of the execution returned?
My lord, they haven’t returned yet.
It’s impossible to tell what’s in a man’s mind by looking at his face.
Cawdor was a gentleman whom I trusted completely.
The loyalty I feel to you and the chance to serve you is its own reward.
Be welcome here.
Then, if I grow to greatness, it will be a benefit to you as well.
I am so full of joy it brings tears to my eyes.
My noble Cawdor!
Malcolm is the Prince of Cumberland!
Because he is between me and the throne, I’m either going to have to move above him, or give up my hopes of kingship.
Stars, hide your brightness so that my evil desires are hidden from the light.
True, Banquo.
“The witches met me on my day of victory, and I have since learned for certain that they have supernatural knowledge.
When I tried frantically to question them further, they vanished into the air.
While I stood amazed at the strangeness of all of this, messengers from the king arrived and greeted me as “Thane of Cawdor,” which is exactly what the weird sisters had called me before then hailing me as 'the future king!
’ My dearest partner in greatness, I wanted to tell you this news, so that you would not be ignorant of the greatness promised to us and therefore be unable to celebrate.
Keep it close to your heart, and farewell.
”  You are Thane of Glamis, and Cawdor, and you will be the king just as you were promised.
What’s your news?
The king is coming here tonight.
You’re crazy to think that.
I beg your pardon, but it’s true: our lord is coming.
One of my fellow servants raced ahead of him, and was so out of breath that he almost couldn’t tell me his message.
Take care him.
He brings great news.
The messenger croaks the announcement of Duncan’s fatal arrival to my castle, just like a raven would croak out a warning.
Come on, you spirits that aid thoughts of murder: remove my womanhood and fill me up from head to toe with terrible cruelty!
Thicken my blood.
Block my veins from all feelings of regret, so that no natural feelings of guilt or doubt can sway me from my dark desires, or prevent me from accomplishing them!
Demons of murder, come to me from wherever you hide yourselves as you wait to aid and abet corrupt and evil feelings, and turn my mother’s milk into bitter acid.
Come, thick night  wrapped in the darkest smoke of hell  so that my sharp knife can’t see the wound it makes, and heaven can’t peek through the darkness and cry: “Stop!
Stop!
My dearest love, Duncan will be here tonight.
And when does he leave?
Tomorrow, according to his plans.
That will never happen.
My thane, your face betrays your troubled thoughts, so that others can read it like a book.
To deceive all others, you have to look exactly as they do.
When you greet the king, do so completely: with your eyes, hands, and words.
Look like an innocent flower, but be the snake that hides beneath it.
We’ll speak about this further.
Keep your head up and look calm.
If your expression changes it will arouse suspicion.
Leave all the rest to me.
This castle sits in a pleasant place.
The fresh, sweet air delights my noble senses.
That the martin a summer bird that builds its nest in the steeples of churches builds its nest here proves how sweet and blessed the breeze is.
These birds have built nests on every projection, carving, buttress, and corner of this castle.
I've noticed that martins prefer to live and mate in places where the air is most fine.
Look, it’s our honored hostess!
All our efforts even if they were doubled and then doubled again are poor and small acts when compared to the profound honor you’ve brought to our home.
Where’s Macbeth, Thane of Cawdor?
Give me your hand.
Lead me to Macbeth, my host.
I love him dearly, and I shall continue to hold him in high favor.
What’s the news?
He’s almost finished eating dinner.
Why have you left the dining room?
Has he asked for me?
Don’t you know that he has?
We’ll go no further with this plan.
Were you drunk when you were so hopeful earlier?
Then what kind of beast were you when you first told me about all this?
But what if we fail?
We, fail?
Just get a hold of your courage, and we won’t fail.
May you only give birth to boys, because your fearless spirit could only create males.
Are you sure that smearing the two drunken servants with blood, and using their daggers to do the deed, will really make people believe that they were the ones who did it?
I am convinced, and now I will use all my strength to achieve this great and terrible thing.
Go now, and deceive everyone with a show of friendliness.
You must hide your treacherous heart behind a false face.
What time is it, boy?
The moon has set.
I haven’t heard a clock strike, though.
The moon sets at twelve.
I think it’s later than that, sir.
Wait, take my sword.
The heavens are being thrifty, keeping the stars dark.
Take this, too.
Sleepiness weighs on me like lead, but I don’t want to sleep.
Angels of mercy, help me to control the evil thoughts that fill my mind whenever I lay down to rest.
Give me my sword.
Who’s there?
A friend.
What, you’re not asleep yet?
The king’s in bed.
He’s been unusually pleased, and has given gift after gift to your servants.
He wants to give this diamond to your wife for being such an attentive hostess and ensuring his total comfort.
As we were unprepared for his visit, we could only be imperfect hosts.
Everything is all right.
I had a dream last night about the three witches.
I don’t think about them.
But when we have an hour to spare, I’d like to talk about it a bit more, if you’d be willing.
Whenever you like.
If you will agree to follow me when the time comes, it will result in more honor for you.
As long as I don’t lose any honor in trying to gain more, and can keep a clear conscience, I will listen to you.
In the meantime, rest well.
Thanks, sir.
Go and tell Lady Macbeth that, when my drink is ready, she should strike the bell.
Then get yourself to bed.
Is this a dagger I see in front of me, with its handle aimed toward my hand?
Come here, dagger, and let me grasp you.
I don’t have you, and yet I can still see you.
Deadly apparition, is it possible to see you but not touch you?
Or are you just a dagger created by the mind, an illusion of my feverish brain?
I still see you, and you look as real as this other dagger that I’m unsheathing now.
You’re leading me the way I was going already, and I was going to use a weapon just like you.
Either my eyesight is the only sense of mine that isn’t working, or it’s the only one that’s working correctly.
I still see you  and some spots of blood on your blade and handle that weren’t there before.
This dagger doesn’t exist.
It’s the murder I’m planning that’s affecting my eyes.
Now half the world is asleep and being attacked by nightmares.
Now I go, and the deed is as good as done.
The bell invites me to act.
Duncan, don't hear the bell, because it is the sound of your summon to heaven or to hell.
The wine that made the servants drunk has made me bold.
The liquor that put them to sleep has filled me with fire.
Listen!
Quiet!
Who’s there?
What’s that!
Oh no, I’m afraid the servants woke up, and the job is not done.
It would ruin us completely to fail in our attempt to murder the king.
Listen!
I placed the servants’ daggers where Macbeth could not miss seeing them.
I would have killed Duncan myself if he didn't look so much like my own father while he slept.
My husband!
I have done the deed.
Didn’t you hear a noise?
I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.
Did you say something?
When?
Just now.
As I came down?
Yes.
Listen!
Who’s sleeping in the second bedroom?
Donalbain.
This is a sorry sight.
That’s a foolish thing to say, that it’s a “sorry sight.  "
One servant laughed in his sleep, and one cried, “murder!
Malcolm and Donalbain are asleep in the same room.
One servant cried, “God bless us!
” and the other said, “Amen,” as if they’d seen me with my blood stained hands.
Though I heard the fear in their voices, I couldn’t respond “Amen” when they said “God bless us!
”
Try not to think about it so much.
But why couldn’t I say “Amen?” I needed God’s blessing most profoundly, but the word “Amen” got stuck in my throat.
We must not think in that way about what we’ve done.
Thinking that way will drive us crazy.
I thought I heard a voice cry, “Sleep no more!
What’s your meaning?
The voice cried and cried, “Sleep no more!
” to the entire house.
“Glamis has murdered sleep, and therefore Cawdor will sleep no more.
Macbeth will sleep no more.
”
Who was it that cried out these words?
Oh, my noble thane, you make yourself weak and unable to act when you think so obsessively about things.
Go get some water and wash this filthy evidence from your hands.
Why did you bring these daggers from the room?
They must remain there.
Go return them and smear the sleeping servants with the blood.
You weakling!
Give me the daggers.
Where is that knocking coming from?
What’s wrong with me, that every noise terrifies me?
Whose hands are these?
Ha!
They’re plucking out my eyes.
Could even all the water in the ocean wash this blood from my hands?
No, my hands would instead stain the seas crimson, turning the green water entirely red.
My hands are red like yours, but I’d be ashamed if my heart were as bloodless and cowardly as yours.
I hear knocking at the south gate.
We must return to our bedroom.
A little water will wash away all the evidence of what we’ve done.
It is so easy!
Your determination has deserted you.
Listen!
More knocking.
The only way I can acknowledge what I’ve done is to forget who I am.
Wake Duncan with your knocking.
I wish you could.
What a lot of knocking!
Knock, knock, knock!
Who’s there, in the name of the devil?
Knock, knock!
Who’s there, in the other devil’s name?
Knock, knock, knock!
Who’s there?
Knock, knock!
Never stopping.
Who are you?
Well, this place is too cold to be hell.
I’ll stop pretending to be the devil’s gatekeeper.
I had wanted to let into hell someone from each of the professions who’d given in to temptation.
Coming!
Coming!
Friend, did you go to sleep so late that you had to lie in bed this morning?
That’s the truth, sir.
We drank and sang until three in the morning.
What three things does drinking result in?
Indeed , sir, drinking results in a red nose, sleep, and urine.
It provokes desire, but also hinders it.
Drinking arouses desire, but inhibits performance.
Therefore, drink is like a traitor in relation to sex.
I believe drinking did all that to you last night.
Is your master getting up?
Our knocking woke him up.
Here he comes.
Good morning, noble sir.
Good morning to you both.
Is the king awake, noble thane?
Not yet.
He commanded me to call on him early this morning.
I’m almost late.
I’ll bring you to him.
I know that hosting the king is a labor of love, but that doesn’t make it any less work.
Work we enjoy removes the pain of the effort.
This is the door.
I’ll wake him, because it is my duty.
Will the king move on from here today?
Yes.
He told us to have everything ready for his departure.
The night was wild.
It was a rough night.
I’m young and can’t remember anything similar to it.
Oh, horror, horror, horror!
I don’t have the words to describe this or the heart to believe it!
Chaos has taken over.
A blasphemous murder has broken open God’s temple and stolen the life from it.
What are you saying?
“The life?”
You mean the king?
Get up, get up!
Ring the alarm bell.
Murder and treason!
Banquo and Donalbain!
Malcolm!
Wake up!
Shake off your sleep  that fake death  and look on death itself!
Get up, get up, and see the exact image of doomsday!
Malcolm!
Banquo!
Get up as if from your graves, and come here like ghosts to see face this horror.
Ring the bell.
What’s happened that makes the awful trumpet call everyone who’s sleeping in the house to come together?
Tell me!
Oh, dear lady, the news I could tell you is not something you should hear.
Oh, Banquo, Banquo, our royal king has been murdered!
Oh no!
What, in our own house?
It is too awful no matter where it happened.
Dear Macduff, I beg you, change your story and say it isn’t true.
What’s wrong?
You are, but you don’t know it yet.
The spring, the source, the very origin of your blood has been stopped.
Your royal father has been murdered.
Oh, who did it?
Apparently, the servants who were watching his bedroom did it.
Their hands and faces were covered in blood.
So were their daggers, which we found still bloody on their pillows.
They stared at us, confused.
They shouldn’t have been trusted with any man’s life.
Even so, I regret my fury, which pushed me to kill them.
Why did you do that?
Can someone be wise, shocked, calm, furious, loyal, and neutral all at the same time?
No man can.
Get me away from here, now!
See to the lady’s health.
What should we say when we ourselves may be in immediate danger from some hidden place?
We should run.
We’re not yet ready to show our tears.
See to the lady.
When we’re properly dressed to be out of our rooms, let’s meet and discuss this bloody crime to see if we can figure out what happened.
At the moment, fears and doubts shake us.
I’m putting myself in the hands of God, and from there I’ll fight the treasonous plot behind this murder.
I will too.
We all will.
Let’s get dressed quickly and regain our manly strength, and then meet together in the hall.
Agreed.
What will you do?
Let’s not meet with them.
A liar has no trouble pretending to show sorrow he does not actually feel.
I’m going to England.
And I’ll go to Ireland.
We’ll be safer if we separate ourselves.
No matter where we are, every smile might have a dagger hiding behind it.
This murderous plot has only just begun, and we’ll be safest if we can avoid the scheme.
Therefore, let’s get on our horses and not worry about being polite and saying goodbye.
It’s unnatural  just like the murder that was committed.
It’s said that the horses ate each other.
How are things going, sir?
Why, can’t you see?
Is it known who committed this bloody crime?
The servants that Macbeth killed.
Oh, what a terrible day!
What could they have hoped to gain?
They were bribed.
The king’s two sons Malcolm and Donalbain have snuck off and fled, which makes them the main suspects.
Even more unnatural!
He’s already been named king and has left for Scone for the coronation.
Where is Duncan’s body?
It’s been carried to Colmekill, the sacred burial place for all Scottish kings that guards their bones.
Will you now head to Scone?
No, cousin, I’m going to my home in Fife.
Well, I’ll go to Scone.
May the ceremony there go well.
Farewell, old man.
God’s blessing on you, and on all who make good things out of bad, and turn enemies into friends!
You have it now: you’re King, the Thane of Cawdor, and the Thane of Glamis, just as the witches promised.
Here’s our most important guest, Banquo.
If we had forgotten to invite him it would have been entirely inappropriate, and our celebratory feast would be incomplete.
Tonight we’re having a ceremonial feast, and I formally request that you attend.
I am always bound by duty to obey whatever your Highness commands me to do.
Do you plant to go riding this afternoon?
Yes, my good lord.
If you had you been here, we would have wanted your advice which is always wise and profitable at the council meeting earlier today.
But we’ll settle for tomorrow.
Far enough that the trip will take me from now until dinner, my lord.
Unless my horse goes faster than I expect, I’ll be riding in the dark for an hour or two after sunset.
Do not miss our feast.
I won’t, my lord.
Yes, my good lord.
It’s time we got going.
All of you can do what you want until seven o’clock tonight.
To make the evening all the more enjoyable, I’m going to spend the time until dinner alone.
Until then, God be with you!
Sir , a word with you.
Are those men waiting for my instructions?
They are, my lord.
Bring them in to see me.
If my position isn’t safe, then being king is worthless.
I’m deeply afraid of Banquo he has a natural nobility about him that makes him a threat to me.
He’s a risk taker, and yet in addition to his unbreakable courage, he also has the wisdom to act with care and forethought.
Now go to the door and stay there until I call you.
Wasn’t it yesterday that we last spoke?
It was, your Highness.
So then, have you thought about what I said?
You made it known to us.
We are men, my lord.
My lord, I'm a man who has gotten so angry from the beatings that the world has given me, that I don’t care what I do.
I’m also so sick of bad luck and being at the mercy of fate that I’d risk everything for a chance to either fix my life or end it.
Both of you know Banquo was your enemy.
Yes, my lord.
He’s also mine, and to such a degree that every minute he’s alive threatens my own well being.
We’ll do what you command, my lord.
Though our lives
Your resolve shines in your eyes.
We will do it, my lord.
I’ll call for you soon.
Wait for me in the other room.
It’s settled, then.
Banquo, tonight is when your soul will learn whether it’s going to heaven or to hell.
Has Banquo left the castle?
Yes, madam, but he’ll return tonight.
Tell the king that I’d like to speak with him when he has a moment.
I will, madam.
How are you, my lord?
We have merely slashed the snake, not killed it.
The snake will heal and we’ll once more be threatened by its fangs.
But let the universe fall apart, and heaven and earth collapse, before I eat my meals in fear or spend my nights troubled by the nightmares I've been having.
It's better to be dead like the one whom we sent to eternal peace in order to gain our own peace of mind than be tortured by nightmares and anxiety.
Come on, my noble lord.
Hide your troubled thoughts behind a happy face.
I will, my love.
And I hope you’ll do the same.
You must stop thinking like this.
But they won’t live forever.
That’s a comfort.
They can be killed.
What will be done?
My dearest one, you’re better off not knowing about it until you can celebrate the finished deed.
But who told you to come here and join us?
Macbeth.
We can trust him, since he’s stated his instructions and they are identical to the ones that we were given.
Then stay with us.
The western sky is still lit with streaks of daylight.
Now all the late travelers are hurrying to reach their inns, and the one we were sent to watch for should be coming near.
Listen!
Hey, give us some light!
You can hear his horses being taken to the stables.
Here comes a light!
It’s him.
Get ready.
It will rain tonight.
Then let it rain.
Oh, treachery!
Run, good Fleance, run, run, run!
Maybe one day you can get revenge.
Who put out the light?
Wasn’t that what we were supposed to do?
But there’s only one body here.
The son escaped.
We failed half of our mission.
Well, let’s get out of here and tell Macbeth what we managed to do.
Thank you, your Majesty.
I will mingle with all of you, playing the humble host.
Sir, deliver my welcome to all of our friends for me, since they are all welcome in my heart.
See, they respond to you with their hearts as well.
The table is full on both sides.
I’ll sit here in the middle.
Be happy.
Soon we’ll have a toast to the full table.
There’s blood on your face.
It’s Banquo’s blood then.
My lord, his throat is cut.
I did that for him.
Most royal sir, Fleance has escaped.
Now my torment returns.
Otherwise, I would have been perfect: solid as a piece of marble, as firm as a rock, as free as the air which surrounds everything.
But now I’m all confined and bound in doubts and fears.
But Banquo’s been killed?
Yes, my good lord.
He’s lying in a ditch, with twenty deep gashes in his head  the least of which would have been enough to kill him.
Thanks for that.
The adult serpent lies in the ditch.
My royal lord, you’re not entertaining the guests.
If you do not regularly make clear that your guests are welcome, they’ll start to feel as if they’re paying for their meal.
If you simply want to eat, it’s best to do that at home.
Thank you for reminding me!
Good digestion requires a good appetite, and good health requires both those things.
Please sit, your Highness.
His absence means only that he’s broken his promise to attend.
If it pleases you, your Highness, won’t you sit and grace us with your royal company?
The table’s full.
Here’s a place saved for you, sir.
Where?
Here, my good lord.
What’s bothering you, your highness?
Which one of you did this?
Did what, my good lord?
You can’t say I did it.
Don’t shake your bloody head at me.
Gentlemen, stand up.
His Highness is not well.
Sit, noble friends.
My husband is often like this, and has been since childhood.
Please, stay seated.
Yes, and a brave one, who dares look at something that would frighten the devil.
Oh, utter nonsense!
This is a hallucination brought on by fear.
This is like the floating dagger that you said led you to Duncan.
Please, look there.
See?
Look!
Hey!
What do you have to say?
And what do I care?
If you can nod, then speak.
If the dead are going to return from their graves, then we might as well not bury anyone and let the birds eat them.
What, has your foolishness destroyed your manhood?
As sure as I’m standing here, I saw him.
Nonsense!
My dear lord, your noble friends miss your company.
I forgot.
Don’t be shocked at my behavior, my most noble friends.
I have a strange condition, which no longer bothers those who know me well.
Come: love and health to you all.
Now I’ll sit down.
Give me some wine.
Fill my cup.
I drink to the joy of all of you at the table, and to our dear friend Banquo, whom we miss.
I wish he were here!
We drink to our allegiance to you, and to your toast.
Go!
Get out of my sight!
Hide in your grave.
Your bones have no marrow, and your blood is cold.
Think of this, good friends, as just a strange habit.
I dare as much as any man.
See, now that it's gone, I’m a man again.
Please, remain seated.
You have disrupted our dinner and destroyed everyone’s good cheer with your astonishing behavior.
Can such things exist  and overcome a person as suddenly as a summer storm  without making everyone astonished?
You make me feel like I don’t know my own character and courage, when I see you looking at these terrible things without going pale with fear, while my own face has gone white.
What sights, my lord?
Please, don’t speak with him.
He’s growing worse and worse.
Talking only exacerbates it.
Right now, good night.
Don’t worry about leaving in a certain order according to your rank.
Good night.
A kind good night to all of you!
Blood will lead to blood, as the saying goes.
It's almost morning.
Did you officially send for him, sir?
I heard about it indirectly, but I will send for him.
I have a servant paid to spy for me in every one of my lords’ households.
I will go see the witches tomorrow, early.
They will tell me more, because I’m now determined to know the worst of what is to come.
My own interests are more important than anything else.
You lack the rest and ease that sleep provides.
Yes, let’s go to sleep.
My strange self delusions just come from inexperience.
We’re still beginners when it comes to bad deeds.
Why, how are you, Hecate?
You look angry.
Don’t I have a reason to be angry, you hags?
Listen!
I’m being called.
Look, there’s my little spirit sitting in a foggy cloud, waiting for me.
Come on, let’s hurry.
Did Macbeth order Macduff to return?
That should be warning enough for Macduff to be cautious and stay away from Scotland and Macbeth.
Some holy angel should fly to the English court and tell Macduff to quickly return to help our country, which is suffering under a cursed tyrant!
I’ll send my prayers with him.
The striped cat has meowed three times.
Three times.
My familiar spirit Harpier cries out: “It’s time, it’s time!
”
Dance around the cauldron, and throw in the poisoned entrails.
This toad  which has slept under a cold rock, sweating venom for thirty one days  will be the first to boil in this magic cauldron.
Double, double toil and trouble.
A fillet of swamp snake to boil and bake in the cauldron.
Double, double toil and trouble.
A dragon's scale; a wolf's tooth; a mummified witch; a ravenous shark's gullet and stomach; a root of hemlock dug up in the dark; a blaspheming Jew's liver; a goat’s gallbladder; twigs of yew taken during a lunar eclipse; a Turk’s nose; a Tartar’s lips; and the finger of a baby strangled just after a prostitute gave birth to it in a ditch.
Make this potion sticky and thick.
Double, double toil and trouble.
We’ll cool the mixture with a baboon’s blood.
Well done!
I praise your work, and every one of you will share the rewards.
Now, come sing around the cauldron in a ring like elves and fairies, enchanting everything you put in.
I can tell by the tingling in my thumbs: something wicked is coming.
Open the doors for whoever is knocking.
What’s going on here, you secret, dark, midnight hags?
What is it that you’re doing here?
Something that has no name.
I command you by the demonic powers you serve to answer my questions, no matter how you come to know those answers.
Speak.
Demand.
We’ll answer.
Tell us: would you rather hear the answers from our mouths or from our masters’?
Call them.
Let me see them.
Come, spirit, high or low.
Tell me, you unknown power
He knows your thoughts.
Listen to what he says, but don’t say a thing.
Macbeth!
Macbeth!
Macbeth!
Beware Macduff.
Beware the Thane of Fife.
Release me.
Enough.
Whatever you are, thanks for your good advice.
You have described exactly what I feared.
But one more thing
You can not command him.
Here’s another, stronger than the first.
Macbeth!
Macbeth!
Macbeth!
If I had three ears, I’d use all three to listen.
Be violent, bold, and determined.
Mock the strength of other men, because no man born from a woman will ever harm Macbeth.
Then live, Macduff.
Why should I fear you?
Yet, I’ll make doubly sure and guarantee my fate.
You will die, Macduff, and by killing you I will defeat my fear and always sleep easily.
What is this spirit that appears like the child of a king, wearing a royal crown on his young head?
Listen, but do not speak to it.
That will never happen.
Who can command the forest so that the trees lift their roots from the earth?
Sweet prophecies!
Good!
My murders will never rise until the forest of Birnam rises, and I will live a full life and die only of old age, as is customary.
But my heart still throbs to know one thing.
Tell me, if your dark powers can see it: will Banquo’s sons ever reign in this kingdom?
Do not try to learn more.
I demand to be satisfied.
If you deny me, may an eternal curse fall on you!
Let me know.
Why is that cauldron sinking?
And what is that sound?
Show.
Show.
Show.
Show him so his heart grieves.
Come like shadows and depart as shadows too!
You look too much like Banquo's ghost.
Be gone!
Your crown hurts my eyes.
Your golden hair, which looks itself like a crown, resembles the hair on the first king.
And this third king looks just like the second one.
Filthy hags!
Why do you show me this?
A fourth!
My eyes bulge from their sockets!
Will this line of kings stretch on to infinity?
Yet another one?
And a seventh?
I want to see no more.
What?
Yes, it’s all true.
But why do you stand there so amazed?
Come, sisters, let’s conjure up some spirits and show him what we can do.
I’ll charm the air to make music while you perform your wild dance.
Then this noble king will say that our ceremonies repaid his friendly welcome.
Where are they?
Gone?
Let this evil hour be marked as cursed in the calendar.
You outside, come in!
What does your Grace command?
Did you see the weird sisters?
No, my lord.
They didn’t pass by you?
No, indeed, my lord.
My lord, two or three men came, bringing word that Macduff has fled to England.
Fled to England?
Yes, my good lord.
Time, you stand in the way of my terrifying plans.
Unless you immediately do what you planned, you never get the chance to do it.
From this moment on, I will act as soon as I want to do something.
What did he do that made him flee Scotland?
You must have patience, madam.
He had no patience.
To run away was insane.
You don’t know whether it was wisdom or fear that made him flee.
Wisdom?
Was it wise to leave his wife, his children, his house, and his titles in a place from which he himself flees?
He doesn’t love us.
My dearest cousin, I beg you, control yourself.
Your husband is noble, wise, and judicious, and understands the current political unrest.
I don’t dare say anything more than this, but it is a bad time when people are denounced as traitors and have no idea why; when we believe rumors out of fear, but aren’t even sure what we’re afraid of.
My son has a father, and yet he’s fatherless.
If I stay longer, I’ll disgrace myself and embarrass you by crying.
I must leave now.
Little sir, your father’s dead.
What will you do now?
How will you live?
I’ll live as birds do, Mother.
What?
I’ll live on whatever I get, like birds do.
Oh, you pitiful bird!
You wouldn’t know to fear any traps or snares set out by hunters.
Why should I fear them, Mother?
Hunters do not try to catch pitiful birds.
No matter what you say, my father is not dead.
Yes, he’s dead.
What will you do for a father?
No, what will you do for a husband?
Well, I can buy myself twenty husbands at any market.
If so, you’d be buying them to sell again.
You talk with all of your wit; and yet your wit is still that of a child.
Was my father a traitor, Mother?
Yes, he was.
What is a traitor?
Someone who makes a promise and breaks it.
And is everyone who does that a traitor?
Everyone who does so is a traitor and should be hanged.
And should everyone be hanged who makes and breaks promises?
Everyone.
Who should hang them?
The honest men.
Then the liars are fools, for there are enough liars in the world to defeat and hang the honest men.
Heaven help you, my poor little monkey!
But what will you do for a father?
If he were dead, you’d be weeping for him.
If you aren’t weeping, it’s a good sign that I’ll soon have a new father.
My poor little chatterer, how you talk!
Bless you, fair lady!
You don’t know me, but I know very well about your high social rank.
I suspect something dangerous approaches you.
If you’ll take a simple man’s advice, get out of here.
Go away with your children.
Where should I run?
I haven’t done anything wrong.
But I remember now that I’m here on earth, where doing evil is often praised, and doing good is sometimes a foolish mistake.
So why do I make this womanish defense that I’ve done no harm?
Why do you make such angry faces?
Where is your husband?
I hope he’s not anywhere so disgraceful that men like you could find him.
He’s a traitor.
You lie, you long eared villain!
What’s that, pipsqueak?
Young son of a traitor!
He has killed me, Mother.
Run away, I beg you!
Let’s find some private shady place where we can go and cry our hearts out.
Instead, let’s hold tight to our swords, and defend our fallen country like honorable men.
I am not treacherous.
But Macbeth is.
Even someone with a good and virtuous nature might give in to the command of this king.
Still, I beg your pardon.
My fears don’t change what you truly are.
Angels are still bright even though Lucifer, the brightest angel, fell from heaven.
Though everything evil tries to disguise itself as good, good must continue to look good as well.
My hopes are lost.
Perhaps you lost your hope in the same place I found my suspicions of you.
Bleed, bleed, my poor country!
Terrible tyrant, be comfortable in your position, because good people fear to confront you.
Enjoy what you stole, because your title is safe!
Goodbye, my lord.
I wouldn’t be the villain that you think I am, even if I were offered all of Macbeth’s kingdom and the wealth of the East as well.
Don’t be offended.
It’s not that I totally mistrust you.
I agree that Scotland is sinking under Macbeth’s tyranny.
Scotland weeps, it bleeds, and each day a new injury is added to her wounds.
I think, too, that many men would fight for me if I returned to claim the throne.
And who would that be?
There is not a devil as cursed as Macbeth in all of hell.
Extreme lust can overwhelm a man.
It has caused the downfall of many kings in previously happy kingdoms.
But don’t be afraid to take the crown that is yours.
You can satisfy your desires in secret, while still appearing virtuous in public.
You can hide the truth from everyone.
This greed you describe is even worse than lust because it will not pass as you leave your youth, and it has led to the death of numerous kings.
But I have no good qualities.
Oh, Scotland, Scotland!
If someone like me is fit to rule, tell me.
I am exactly as I have described myself.
Fit to rule?
No, not even fit to live.
Oh, miserable country, ruled by a murderous tyrant with no right to rule  when will you possibly see peaceful days if your legal heir to the throne indicts himself as a cursed man and a disgrace to the royal family?
Your royal father Duncan was a virtuous king.
The queen your mother was more often kneeling in prayer than standing up, and lived a pious life.
Goodbye.
The evils of which you accuse yourself have driven me from Scotland forever.
Oh, my heart, your hope ends here!
Macduff, this noble outburst can only be a product of integrity, and has removed from my soul the doubts I had about you, proving your honor and truthfulness to me.
The devilish Macbeth has tried many plots to lure me into his power, so I must be cautious and not too quick to trust anyone.
It’s hard to understand such a sudden change in your story.
Well, we’ll speak more about this soon.
Can you tell me, is King Edward coming?
Thank you, doctor.
What disease does he mean?
It’s called the evil .
Many times during my stay in England, I have seen the good king Edward perform an incredible miracle.
Look there, who’s coming?
He’s dressed like a Scotsman, but I don’t know him.
My always noble kinsman, welcome.
I recognize him now.
Dear God, may you quickly change the circumstances that keep us apart!
Amen to that, sir.
Is Scotland as it has been?
Alas, poor country!
It's almost too scared to even recognize itself.
Oh, your report is too precise and too true!
What is the latest bad news?
Every hour brings new bad news.
Every minute gives birth to some new bad thing.
How is my wife?
She’s well.
And all my children?
They’re well too.
The tyrant Macbeth hasn’t come after them?
No, they were at peace when I left them.
Don’t be coy with what you’re saying.
What’s happened?
Let them be comforted we’re returning to Scotland.
I wish I could respond to this good news with good news of my own.
But I do have news that should be howled out into the sky of a barren desert, where nobody could hear it.
What is the news about?
Does it concern everyone, or is it a grief belonging to just one person?
No honest man could stop himself from sharing in the sorrow, but my news relates to you alone.
If it’s for me, don’t keep it from me.
Quickly, tell me.
I hope your ears won’t hate my tongue forever for saying these things, the saddest news they’ve ever heard.
Oh no!
I can guess what you’re going to say.
Your castle was ambushed.
Merciful heaven!
Come, man, don’t hide your grief.
Put your sorrow into words.
My children too?
Your wife, your children, your servants  everyone they could find.
And I was away!
My wife was killed too?
As I have said.
Take comfort.
Let’s make a medicine out of revenge to ease your dreadful grief.
He doesn't have any children.
All my little children?
Did you say all?
Oh, hawk from hell!
All of them?
What, all my children and their mother killed in one deadly swoop?
Fight it like a man.
Let all this sharpen your sword.
Let grief become anger.
Don’t hold back your heart.
Oh, I could weep like a woman while bragging about taking revenge!
But, gentle heavens, cut short any delay.
Now you sound like a man.
Come, we'll go see King Edward.
Our army is ready, and we can leave once we get King Edward's permission.
Macbeth is ripe for the taking, with the powers above are armed and on our side.
Take heart, as much as you can.
A new day will dawn.
For two nights I’ve watched her with you, but I haven’t seen any evidence of what you’ve described.
When did you last see her walk?
Since the king went to war, I have seen her rise from her bed; put on her nightgown; unlock her closet; take out some paper, fold it, write on it, read it, seal it; and then return to bed again  all while remaining fast asleep.
It’s deeply unnatural to be asleep and, and the same time, perform the actions of those who are awake.
When she is in this state  besides walking and doing other things  have you heard her say anything?
Yes, sir, but I will not repeat it.
You can tell me.
I won’t tell you or anyone else without having another witness to confirm what I heard.
Look, here she comes!
This is what she always wears, and I swear on my life she’s fast asleep.
Watch her.
How did she get that candle?
It stands by her bedside.
She keeps a light by her at all times.
That’s her command.
You see, her eyes are open.
Yes, but they don't see anything.
What is she doing now?
Look how she rubs her hands.
She does that a lot, as if she’s washing her hands.
I’ve seen her keep doing that for fifteen minutes.
Yet there’s still a spot here.
Listen!
She’s talking.
I’ll write down what she says, so that I’ll remember it.
Come out, damned spot!
Out, I order you!
One, two.
Now, it’s time to do it.
Hell is murky!
Shame on you, my lord, shame!
You’re a soldier, and yet you’re afraid?
Why should we fear anyone who might know what happened, when no one can match our power?
But who would have thought the old man would have had so much blood in him?
Did you hear that?
The Thane of Fife had a wife.
Where is she now?
What, will my hands never be clean?
No more of that, my lord, no more of that.
You’ll ruin everything by acting in this startled way.
Oh no.
Oh no!
She said something she shouldn’t have said, I’m sure of that.
Heaven knows what other secrets she has.
My hands still smell of blood.
All the perfumes of Arabia won't sweeten the smell of my little hand.
Oh, oh, oh!
What a sigh!
Her heart is painfully weighed down.
I wouldn’t want a heart like hers in my chest even if I could be queen.
Well, well, well.
I pray to God that all will be well, sir!
It is beyond my skill level to cure this disease.
Yet I have known people who walked in their sleep and died without sin.
Wash your hands.
Put on your nightgown.
Don’t look so pale.
Is it true?
To bed, to bed.
There’s a knocking at the gate.
Come, come, come, come.
Give me your hand.
What’s done cannot be undone.
To bed, to bed, to bed!
Now will she go to bed?
Right to bed.
Evil rumors are circulating.
Unnatural actions lead to unnatural troubles.
Those with guilty consciences will confess their secrets to their pillows while they are asleep.
Lady Macbeth needs a holy priest, not a doctor.
God forgive us all!
Good night, good doctor.
The English army is near, led by Malcolm, his uncle Siward, and the good Macduff.
Does anyone know if Donalbain is with his brother?
Sir, it’s certain that he is not.
I have a list of all the important men.
What is the tyrant Macbeth doing?
He is fortifying his castle at Dunsinane with strong defenses.
Now Macbeth feels the blood from his secret murders sticking to his hands.
Now, each minute, rebel armies punish his treachery.
The soldiers he commands are just following orders.
Who can blame him for acting twitchy and jumpy, when everything inside him condemns itself for what it’s done?
Well, we march on to give our loyalty to the man to whom it is truly owed.
We go to meet Malcolm, who is the medicine that will cure our sick country.
Or as much as we need to water the royal flower of Malcolm, and to drown the weed that is Macbeth.
Let’s march to Birnam.
Don’t bring me any more reports.
Let all the thanes run from me.
Until Birnam Wood moves to Dunsinane, I’ll be unaffected by fear.
What’s the boy Malcolm?
Wasn’t he born from a woman?
The spirits that know the future have told me this: “Do not fear, Macbeth.
No man born from a woman will ever overpower you.
” So run, disloyal thanes, and join the soft and self indulgent English!
My mind and heart will never waver with doubt or shake with fear.
May the devil turn you black, you pale faced fool!
Why do you look as frightened as a goose?
There are ten thousand
Geese, fool?
Soldiers, sir.
Go prick your cheeks so blood will hide their whiteness, you cowardly boy.
What soldiers, fool?
Damn you!
That pale face of yours will influence the others to be afraid as well.
What soldiers, milk face?
The English army, sir.
Get your face out of here.
Seyton!
I’m sick at heart when I see Seyton, come here!
This battle will either secure my place forever or knock me from my throne.
I have lived long enough.
What do you desire, your Grace?
Is there more news?
All the rumors have been confirmed, my lord.
I’ll fight until they hack the flesh off my bones.
Give me my armor.
It’s not needed yet.
I’ll put it on anyway.
Send out more cavalry.
Search the entire country.
Hang anyone talking of fear.
Give me my armor.
How is your patient, doctor?
She is not physically sick, my lord.
Cure her of that.
For that kind of relief, the patient must heal herself.
Medicine is for the dogs.
I will have nothing to do with it.
Come, put on my armor.
Give me my lance.
Seyton, send out the soldiers.
Doctor, the thanes run from me.
Yes, my good lord.
Your war preparations sounds like such a drug.
Follow me with the armor.
I will not be afraid of death and destruction until Birnam Forest comes to Dunsinane.
If I were only far away and free from Dunsinane, no amount of money could bring me back.
Kinsmen, I hope the time is near when people will be safe in their own bedrooms.
We don’t doubt it.
What forest is this ahead of us?
Birnam Wood.
Every soldier should hack off a branch and hold it in front of him.
It will be done.
We’ve heard nothing other than that the overconfident Macbeth remains in Dunsinane and will let us lay siege to the castle.
Let’s not judge the situation until we see how it turns out.
The time is quickly coming when we’ll know just what we’ve accomplished and what we still have to do.
Speculations only express our uncertain hopes.
Hang our flags on the outer walls.
You all keep shouting, “They’re coming!
” Our castle’s strength is enough to laugh off their siege.
Let them sit out there until they’re killed off by hunger and disease.
What’s that noise?
It’s the sound of women crying, my good lord.
I’ve almost forgotten what fear feels like.
What was the cause of that cry?
The queen is dead, my lord.
She would have died eventually anyway.
That news was bound to come at some point.
You’ve come to tell me something.
My gracious lord, I want to tell you what I saw, but I don’t know how to say it.
Well, just say it, sir.
As I stood on guard duty on the hill, I looked toward Birnam  and then I thought I saw the forest begin to move.
You liar and villain!
I accept your punishment if it’s not true.
You can see it coming about three miles away  it's a moving forest, I say.
If you’re lying, you’ll hang on the nearest tree until you die of hunger.
If you’re speaking the truth, I wouldn’t care if you were to do the same to me.
My resolve is failing, and now I begin to doubt that the lies the witches told me only sounded like the truth.
We’re close enough.
Throw down these branches and let everyone see who you really are.
Noble uncle, you and your honorable son will lead the first battle.
Brave Macduff and I will do the rest, as we worked out in our plan of attack.
Farewell.
If we meet Macbeth’s army tonight, let us be defeated if we cannot fight.
With all your breath, blow the trumpets, those deafening heralds of blood and death.
They have tied me to a stake.
What’s your name?
You’ll be afraid to hear it.
No, not even if you called yourself a name more evil than any demon that's in hell.
My name’s Macbeth.
The devil himself couldn’t say a name I hate more.
No, nor could the devil’s name be more frightening.
You lie, hated tyrant.
My sword will prove that you speak lies.
You were born from a woman.
I smile at swords, and laugh at any weapon held by a man born from a woman.
The noise is coming from over there.
Tyrant, show your face!
If you are killed without a strike from my own sword, the ghosts of my wife and children will haunt me forever.
Come this way, my lord.
The castle has surrendered without a fight.
Our enemies seem to be trying to miss when they strike at us.
Sir, enter the castle.
Why should I act like some ancient Roman fool and commit suicide by stabbing myself?
As long as I see living enemies, I’d rather wound them than be wounded myself.
Turn and face me, you dog from hell, turn!
You are the only man I have avoided.
Go away.
My soul is already stained too much by the blood of your murdered family.
I have nothing to say to you.
My sword will be my voice.
You are too vicious for words to describe!
You’re wasting your effort.
You might as well try to stab the air with your sword rather than try to use it to make me bleed.
Curse your tongue for telling me this, for now my courage has deserted me!
Then surrender, coward, and live on as an amusement we all mock and stare at.
As with a rare beast, we’ll put a picture of you on a sign, right above the words, “Here is the tyrant!
”
I won’t surrender and kiss the ground in front of young Malcolm’s feet, or be taunted by commoners.
Though Birnam Wood really did come to Dunsinane, and I’m facing a man not born of a woman, I’ll fight to the end.
I’ll raise my shield in front of my body.
Now come and fight, Macduff, and damn the first of us who cries, "Stop!
Enough!  "
I wish all of our friends had survived to be here.
Some people will be killed in every battle.
And yet, from what I can see, our great victory didn’t cost us very much.
Macduff is missing, as is your noble son.
My lord, your son, Young Siward, has paid the soldier’s price.
He lived just long enough to be a man, and he had no sooner proved his manhood through courage in battle than he died.
Then he is dead?
Yes, and carried off the battlefield.
If your grief were to equal his worth, then it would never end.
Were his wounds on his front side?
Yes, on his front.
Well then, he’s God’s soldier now!
He’s worth more grief than that, and I’ll mourn for him.
He is worth no more than that.
They say he died well, and did his duty.
And so, may God be with him!
Here comes better news.
Hail, King Malcolm!
Because that’s what you are.
Look, here is Macbeth’s cursed head.
We are free of the tyrant.
I see that you are surrounded by the kingdom’s noblemen, and they’re thinking what I’m saying.
Hail, King of Scotland!
It will not take long for me to repay my debt to you all by rewarding each of you as your loyalty and service deserves.
My thanes and kinsmen, I name you all earls  the first ever to be named earls in Scotland.
Escalus.
My lord.
If anyone in Vienna is worthy of such plentiful grace and honor, it is Lord Angelo.
Look, here he comes.
I am always obedient to you, your Grace .
Angelo, there is a level of quality in your life that makes your whole story apparent to any observer.
Your circumstances and your very self are not exclusively your own, for you to weary yourself in becoming virtuous.
But now, my good lord, there should be some more tests for me to go through before I'm given such a noble and important job.
My lord, may I have permission to bring you something along the way?
May the heavens keep you safe on your journey!
May they guide you and bring you back happy!
Thank you.
Goodbye.
I agree.
Let's leave together so that we can quickly reach an agreement on that point.
I'll follow you, your Honor.
If the Duke and the other dukes don't unite with the King of Hungary, then all the dukes will rebel against the king.
May heaven give us peace, but not peace with the King of Hungary!
Amen.
You sound like the hypocritical pirate, who took the Ten Commandments with him to sea, but scraped one of the commandments off.
"Thou shalt not steal?"
Yes, he burned that one off.
Well, it was a commandment commanding the captain and all the rest not to do their jobs!
I've never heard a soldier say he didn't like it.
I believe you, since I think you've never heard someone say a prayer before.
No?
A dozen times at least .
A dozen times in poetic form ?
In any form or in any language.
I think, or in any religion.
Yes, why not?
Well, you just cut all ties between us.
I swear, just as you'd cut between the hem and the velvet.
You're the hem .
I feel like I've done myself wrong, haven't I?
Yes, you have, whether you're sick or not.
Look, look, here comes Mrs.   Moderation !
Of what, indeed?
Guess.
Three thousand dollars a year.
Yes, and more.
A French crown more.
You're always accusing me of having diseases, but you're wrong; I'm solidly healthy.
Really, now?
Which of your hips has the worst ache in it?
Who's that, then?
Well, sir, that's Claudio, Mr.   Claudio.
Claudio's going to prison?
It can't be.
All joking aside, that can't be true.
Are you sure about this?
Besides, you know, it's in line with the speech we heard to that effect.
Yes, above all, it matches up with the proclamation .
Come on!
Let's go figure out if it's true.
So because of the war, and the sweat, and the gallows, and poverty, I have no customers left.
That man was carried off to prison.
Well?
A woman.
But what's his offense?
Groping for fish in a strange river.
What, has he knocked up a girl?
Well, she's not a girl anymore, but she is knocked up.
You haven't heard the proclamation, have you?
What proclamation, man?
All the brothels on the outskirts of Vienna have to be shut down.
And what about the ones in the city?
So will all the brothels in the outskirts be pulled down?
To the ground, mistress.
Well, this is certainly a change in our country!
What will happen to me?
What can we do, Mr.   Bartender?
Let's go in.
Here comes Sir Claudio, with the provost leading him to prison.
Man, why are you showing me to the whole world like this?
Take me to prison, where I've been committed.
I'm not doing it out of spite; it's Lord Angelo's special orders.
Well, how are you, Claudio?
Why the handcuffs?
To speak of it would be another crime
What was it, murder?
No.
Sexual immorality?
You could call it that.
Come on, sir!
You have to go.
Just a minute, good friend.
Lucio, can I speak with you?
As long as you want, if it'll do you any good.
Is sex such a serious crime?
She's pregnant, that is?
Unfortunately, yes.
I've done that, but he's nowhere to be found.
Thanks, Lucio; you're a good friend.
I'll go to her within these two hours.
Come on, officer, let's go!
Can you tell me, your Grace?
Holy father, no one knows better than you how much I've loved living in isolation, and how little I've valued the gatherings where young people, wealth, and stupid acts of bravery take place.
Yes, please, my lord.
We have strict statutes and extremely harsh laws.
I've let the necessary bits and restraints for unruly citizens slip in the last nineteen years, like an overgrown lion in a cave who doesn't go out to hunt.
Sir, you had the power to unleash this pent up justice whenever you wanted, and it would have seemed more serious coming from you than from Lord Angelo.
And you nuns don't have any other privileges?
Are these not enough?
Hey!
Peace be in this place!
Who's that who's calling?
It's a man's voice.
Peace and prosperity!
Who's there?
Greetings, virgin  if you are one, since those rosy cheeks show you're nothing less!
Can you help me out by bringing me to Isabella, a novice here and the pretty sister of her unlucky brother Claudio?
Why "her unlucky brother?"
I have to ask, and now I should let you know that I am Isabella, his sister.
Oh no!
For what?
Sir, you're making this up.
It's true.
You're blaspheming good Christians by mocking me.
No, not at all!
Who did he get pregnant?
My cousin JULIET?
Is she your cousin?
My adopted cousin, in the way that schoolgirls change their names when they're silly and like each other.
She's the one.
Oh, let him marry her.
That's the point.
Does Angelo want to take my brother's life away, just like that?
Alas!
What can I possibly to do to help him?
Use all the power you have.
My power?
Oh, no, I doubt
I'll see what I can do.
But be quick about it.
I'll do it immediately; I just need a moment to tell the Mother Superior what I'm up to.
I'll leave you, then.
Farewell, good sir.
Yes, but let's be smart, and improve it little by little so that the whole thing doesn't fall out from under us.
But this man who I want to save has a powerful, aristocratic father!
Escalus, it's one thing to be tempted, but another thing entirely to fall.
I cannot deny that, among a jury of twelve people trying a prisoner, there might be a thief or two more guilty than the man on trial.
If you say so, sir.
Where is the provost?
I'm here, sir.
Well, heaven forgive him!
And forgive us all!
What's going on, sir?
What's your name?
What's the matter?
Benefactors?
Well, they're benefactors, are they?
Aren't they malefactors?
That makes plenty of sense.
Oh, enough.
What are these men like?
Elbow is your name, yes?
He can't sir, he's out at the elbow .
What's your profession, sir?
Him, sir?
How do you know that?
My wife, sir, whom I detest in the eyes of God and yourself.
What?
Your wife?
Yes, sir, who is, thank God, an honest woman
And you "detest" her for that?
How do you know that, constable?
As a prostitute?
Sir, begging your pardon: it's not true.
Prove it before these lowly servants here, you honorable man, prove it.
Do you hear how he misuses his words?
No, of course not.
Yes, I was doing that.
All this is true.
Well, there you have it
Enough, you're dragging on; get to the point.
What happened to Elbow's wife that's made him so upset?
Tell me what happened to her.
Sir, you can't jump ahead to that yet, your Honor.
No, sir, I'm serious.
Sir, we'll get to that, begging your Honor's pardon.
October .
Well, that's all right.
That's right, because it's an open room and good for winter.
Well, that's all right, then.
I suspect I will.
Goodbye, your Lordship.
Once, sir?
There was nothing done to her "once.  "
Sir, I'm begging you: ask him what this man did to my wife.
I'm begging you, sir: ask me.
Well, sir, what did this gentleman do to her?
I'll ask you, sir, to look in this man's face.
Mr.   Froth, look into his eyes.
It's for a good reason.
Yes, sir, very well.
No, I beg you  look really hard.
All right, I'm doing it.
Do you see any harm in his face?
Well, no.
I'll swear on the Bible that his face is the worst thing about him.
So, then, if his face is the worst thing about him, how could Mr.   Froth hurt the constable's wife?
I'm asking you, your Honor.
He's making sense.
Constable, what do you say to that?
I swear by my right hand, sir, that his wife is a more "respected" person than any of us all.
Crook, you lie, you lie, you crooked criminal!
She has yet to ever be respected with man, woman, or child.
Sir, she was "respected" with him before he married her.
Who's coming out on top here?
Justice, or crime?
Is this true?
Oh, you piece of trash!
You crook!
Oh, you evil Hannibal !
Me, respected with her before I married her?
If I was ever respected with her, or she with me, don't think for one second, sir, that I'm an officer of the Duke.
Prove it, you evil Hannibal, or I'll have the right to beat you up.
If he hit you in the head, you might have the right to call him some names, too.
Of course, and thank your Worship for that.
What should I do, sir, with this evil piece of trash?
Really, officer, since he's guilty of some crimes that you could find out if you questioned him, let him keep talking until you see what they are.
Of course, and thank you, sir, for that.
You see what you've gotten into now, you evil crook: keep talking, you crook, keep talking.
Where were you born, friend?
Here in Vienna, sir.
Do you make at least eighty pounds a year?
Yes, of course, sir.
So, what's your occupation, sir?
Bartender.
What's your employer's name?
Mistress Overdone.
Has she had more than one husband?
Nine, sir.
Nine!
Come over here, Mr.   Froth.
Thank you, your Worship.
As far as I'm concerned, I never go into any room in a pub; I'm just drawn in.
Well, that's it, then, Mr.   Froth.
Pompey.
What else?
Bum , sir.
Indeed, and your bum is the greatest thing about you, so that in the most physical sense you are "Pompey the Great .  "
Pompey: you're also a pimp, Pompey, no matter how much you spin it as being a "bartender.  "
Really, sir, I'm just a poor man who wants to make a living.
How do you make your living, Pompey?
By being a pimp?
What do you think of the business, Pompey?
Is it a legal business?
If the law would allow it, sir.
Sir, do you intend to castrate and neuter all the young people in the city?
No, Pompey.
Really, sir, in my humble opinion, then they'll get on with it.
If you, sir, will punish the sluts and the hooligans, then you won't need to worry about the pimps.
The punishments are beginning, I can tell you: both beheading and hanging.
Come over here, Mr.   Elbow.
Come here, Mr.   Constable.
Seven and a half years, sir.
I thought you've done the job for a while, because of your obvious expertise.
You said seven years all together?
And a half, sir.
It's a shame; it must have been such a strain on you.
Look: bring in the names of six or seven of the most capable men in your district.
To your Worship's house, sir?
To my house.
Take care.
Eleven, sir.
Please, come to my house and have lunch with me.
I'm humbled; thank you.
I'm sad for Claudio's death, but there's nothing to be done.
Lord Angelo is severe.
He's hearing a case, but he'll come straight from there.
Please, do.
Now, what's the matter, Provost?
Do you want Claudio to die tomorrow?
Didn't I tell you "yes?"
Don't you have the order?
Why are you asking again?
I beg your pardon, your Honor.
Sir, what should we do about JULIET, who's pregnant?
She's getting close to her due date.
Take her to a more appropriate place  and quickly.
The sister of the condemned man is here, and wants to speak with you.
He has a sister?
Yes, sir: a very virtuous girl who's about to become a nun, if she isn't one already.
Well, let her come in.
God bless you, your Honor!
Stay a little while.
You're welcome here.
Well, what's your request?
Well, what is it?
God has blessed you with the power of speaking!
Condemn the fault and not the person who did it?
The law is harsh, but it is just!
I had a brother, in that case.
God bless you, your Honor!
Does he have to die?
Girl, there's no help for it.
But I do think you could pardon him, and that neither God nor people would disapprove of your mercy.
I will not do it.
But could you, if you wanted to?
Look: what I won't do, I can't do.
He's sentenced to die.
You're too cold.
Too late?
Please get out of here.
I wish I had your power, and that you were Isabella!
Would it be the same then?
Yes, get him; that's touched a nerve.
Your brother is a prisoner of the law.
Oh no!
Tomorrow!
Oh, that's soon!
Spare his life, spare his life!
He's not prepared to die.
Yes!
But show some pity.
So you have to be the first person to give this sentence, and he's the one that suffers?
That's well said.
Oh, move in, move in, girl!
He'll relent.
I pray to God that she wins him over!
You're in the right, girl!
What sounds like a harsh word coming from a captain sounds like blasphemy coming from a soldier.
Are you sure about that?
Say more.
Why are you saying these things to me?
When a man of authority makes a mistake, his power works like a kind of medicine to take the edge off his fault.
When she speaks, she makes so much sense that I want to sleep with her.
Take care.
My noble lord, reverse your decision.
I'll think about it.
Listen how I'll bribe you.
What?
Bribe me?
Yes, with the blessings that heaven will give you.
You've ruined everything else.
Well, come to see me again tomorrow.
That's enough; all's well.
May God keep you safe, your Honor!
What time tomorrow should I come to you, your Lordship?
At any time before noon.
God bless you, your Honor!
Seduced by you, actually  by your virtue!
What's this, what's this?
Is this her fault or mine?
Who sins most: the tempter, or the tempted?
Ha!
Greetings to you, Provost!
At least I think that's who you are.
I am the provost.
How can I help you, good friar?
Owing to my charity and the duties of my order, I've come to visit the troubled people here in the prison.
Do me a favor: let me see them, and tell me what their crimes were so that I can minister to them accordingly.
I would do more than that if it were necessary.
When is he scheduled to die?
Tomorrow, I think.
I've prepared everything for you, so stay a while.
Pretty girl: do you repent of the sin that got you pregnant?
I do, and I'm bearing the shame most patiently.
I'll show you how to put your conscience on trial so that you can see if your repentance is real, or only hollow and fake.
I'm happy to learn.
Do you love the man that wronged you?
Yes, as much as I love the woman that wronged him.
So then, it seems your offensive act was mutually committed?
Mutually.
Then your sin was more serious than his was.
I confess it and repent it, father.
I repent it because it's evil, and I accept the shame joyfully.
Rest, then.
I hear your partner has to die tomorrow, and I'm going to give him his last rites.
Grace be with you, and God bless you!
He dies tomorrow!
Oh, unjust love: because I'm carrying Claudio's child, my life has been spared.
It's a shame about him.
When I want to pray and think, I end up praying and thinking about a lot of different things.
A nun named Isabella wants to see you.
Show her the way.
I came to find out what you've decided.
I like that you came to "find out," instead of demanding to know.
Your brother will not live.
Well, all right.
God bless you, your Honor!
And yet, he might live a little longer  maybe as long as you and I  and then he'll have to die.
By your command?
Yes.
When, may I ask?
Let him know how long or short his release will be, so he won't be sick with worry about it.
Ha!
Shame on these dirty sins.
That may be the case in heaven, but not on earth.
Do you say so?
Sir, believe this: I would rather give up my body than my soul.
What do you mean?
No, I can't guarantee that, since I can contradict myself easily.
If you'll do it in spite of the spiritual consequences, I'd say the sin and charity are about even.
Then I beg you to spare his life, if that's a sin.
No, listen to me.
I hope to be ignorant and not good at anything, so that I always know I'm not better than anyone else.
So.
The punishment for his crime is death, according to the law.
True.
Then your brother has to die.
Aren't you being just as harsh as the death sentence you've been criticizing?
Demanding a bribe that will cause me public shame and freely granting a pardon are two different things.
Just a few minutes ago you seemed to think the law was too harsh, and that your brother's sin was more of a joke than a sin.
We're all weak.
Let my brother die, then, if no one else has the same weakness.
No, women are weak, too.
It's true, we're as weak as the mirrors we use to look at ourselves; they break as easily as they reflect shapes.
Women!
God help us!
Men make the earth a worse place by having children with them.
No, call us weak ten more times   we're as soft as the skin on our faces, and gullible, too.
Understand me clearly: I love you.
My brother loved JULIET, and you're telling me he has to die for it.
Isabella, if you make love to me, your brother won't die.
I know you're virtuous, so I think you're just testing me   although this test seems foul.
Believe me; I swear I mean what I say.
Ha!
Everyone thinks you're a good man, but you're not.
And look what you've done with it!
Who would believe you, Isabella?
Who can I complain to?
If I told, who would believe me?
So then you hope Lord Angelo will pardon you?
I give you my humble thanks.
Hey!
Hello?
Who's there?
Come in.
Dear sir, I'll visit you again before too long.
Thank you, most holy sir.
I want to have a word or two with Claudio.
You're welcome to.
Look, sir, here's your sister.
Provost, a word with you.
As many words as you please.
Can you hide me somewhere so I can hear them speak?
Now, sister, is there good news?
Why, as good as news can be!
Is there no help for it?
No help, except to save your head by breaking a heart.
But is there any way to avoid death?
Forever?
What kind of mercy is it?
The kind that, if you agreed to it, would strip you of your honor and leave you naked.
Get to the point already.
Why are you embarrassing me like this?
Do you think I can man up with all this flowery poetry?
If I have to die, I'll go into the darkness like a bride, and embrace it with my arms.
That perfect Angelo!
Oh, it's just hell's clever scheme to dress the most accursed men up as perfect soldiers!
What do you think, Claudio?
If I gave up my virginity to him, you could be freed.
Oh, heavens!
It can't be.
Yes, he would free you, but after this horrible crime you would offend him more.
Tonight's when I'm supposed to do what I can't even name, or else you die tomorrow.
You shouldn't do it.
Oh, if it were only my life, I'd give it up for your freedom as easily as a pin.
Thanks, dear Isabella.
Be ready for your death tomorrow, Claudio.
Yes.
Does he have such desires in him that he's willing to break the law like that whenever he feels the urge?
Which is the least?
If lust were really that bad, why would a wise man like him willingly take on the eternal consequences for a momentary thrill?
Oh, Isabella!
What are you saying, brother?
Death is a scary thing.
And a life of shame is a hateful thing.
Oh no!
Oh, you animal!
You weak coward!
You lying dog!
You want to save your life through my sin?
Isn't it a kind of incest to take your life from your own sister's shame?
What am I supposed to think?
No, listen to me, Isabella.
Oh, shame on you!
Your sin wasn't just an accident; it's your occupation.
Mercy would just help you commit more sins.
Oh, listen to me, Isabella!
Let me have a word with you, little sister.
What do you want?
Son, I overheard what you and your sister said to each other.
Tell my sister that I ask for her forgiveness.
I'm hate this life so much that I'd do anything to die.
Stay there.
What do you want, father?
Now that you just got here, I ask that you'll leave again.
Take your time.
I'm going to respond to him now: I'd rather my brother die legally than that my son be born illegitimate.
But, oh, the Duke is so wrong about Angelo!
If the Duke ever comes back and I can speak to him, I will tell him about Angelo's government as soon as I can open my lips.
Please tell me more.
I'm willing to do anything that doesn't seem wrong to me.
Virtue is bold, and good people are never afraid.
Have you ever heard of Mariana, the sister of the great soldier Frederick, who died at sea?
I've heard of her, and have heard good things attached to that name.
Is this true?
And did Angelo leave her like that?
It would have been better for him to kill this poor girl, and take her out of the world!
Life is horrible if it lets this man live!
But how can she get out of this?
Show me how, good father.
It all depends on how you carry it out.
Thank you for your help.
Take care, good father.
Well, if there's nothing to be done about it and you're intent on selling men and women like animals, the whole world can just drink cheap wine.
Oh, heavens!
What's going on here?
Things have never been right since sex and money  lending were repaid like this: the one who was just having fun was killed, and the worse one was allowed by order of the law to wear a fur coat to keep him warm  and made with fox and lamb skins, too.
Come on, sir.
Bless you, good father friar.
And you, good brother father .
What crime has this man committed against you, sir?
Shame on you, sir !
You pimp, you wicked pimp!
You make your living from this horrible evil.
No, if the devil has given you arguments with which to defend sin, then you're his already.
If only we were all free from our faults  as some seem to be   and that our faults weren't so apparent to others!
He'll be hanged with rope like your belt, sir.
There is hope; I might get bail!
Here comes a gentleman who's a friend of mine.
What's going on, noble Pompey?
Are you being held prisoner ?
Are you on display like a prisoner of war?
Don't you have any beautiful women , all dolled up and ready to reach into our pockets and rob us of all our cash?
What, no reply?
It just keeps going on and on and getting worse and worse!
How's my sweetie pie, your mistress?
Is she still pimping?
To tell you the truth, sir, she's eaten up all her beef and is soaking in the bathtub.
Yes, indeed I am, sir.
Well, it's not wrong , Pompey.
Goodbye.
Go, and say I sent you.
Was it for debt, Pompey?
For being a pimp, for being a pimp.
I had hoped that you might pay my bail, your good Worship.
And you.
Does Bridget still wear makeup, Pompey, huh?
Come on, sir, come on.
You won't bail me out, then, sir?
Not then, Pompey, and not now.
What's the news out there, friar?
What's the news?
Come on, sir, come on.
Go to your kennel , Pompey, go.
I don't know anything.
Can you tell me anything?
I don't know where.
What a crazy, fantastic trick for him to sneak away from the government and pretend to be a beggar when he's really rich.
Lord Angelo is doing well while the Duke is gone.
He's doing well with it.
It's a common fault, so you have to be harsh to put an end to it.
How would he be born, then?
You're funny, sir, and you speak quickly.
It's so unforgiving of him, to kill a man for a little rebellion of the penis !
Would the absent Duke have done this?
I never heard that the absent Duke was a ladies' man.
Oh, sir, you're wrong.
It's not possible .
Who, the Duke?
He'd see a fifty year old beggar woman and put a coin in her bucket; he had his quirks.
And he'd get drunk, too, let me tell you.
You're definitely being too hard on him.
Sir, I was a good friend of his.
The Duke was a shy man, and I think I know why he left.
Please tell me, what might be the reason?
Wise?
Well, there's no question about it; he was
a very superficial, ignorant, and impulsive man.
Sir, I know him, and I love him.
Love should know better.
Come on, sir, I know what I know.
I can hardly believe that, since you don't know what you're talking about.
But, if the Duke ever returns  as we hope and pray  let me ask you to tell him what you've said.
Sir, my name is Lucio, and I'm familiar with the Duke.
He'll know you better soon, sir, if I live to report you.
I'm not afraid of you.
Oh, you'd better hope the Duke will never come back, since you think I'm not someone to fear.
But it's true I can't hurt you much.
I'll be hanged first.
You're wrong about me, friar.
But enough of this.
Why would he die, sir?
Why?
For sticking his pipe in the hole.
No matter how big or powerful you are, you're not immune to criticism.
Back breaking rumors can ruin even the best reputation.
Go, take her away to prison!
You were warned two, then three times.
And you're still up to the same stuff!
A bawd for eleven years straight, if you will, sir.
My lord, Lucio's the one who informed on me.
Sir, the friar has visited him and counseled him about being prepared for death.
Good evening, good father.
God bless you with happiness and goodness!
Where are you from?
What's the news abroad in the world?
The kind of man that tried to be self aware, above all else.
What did he like to do?
He preferred to see other people happy than to do anything that would make him happy himself.
You've done God's work, helping prisoners just as you've been called to do.
I'm going to visit the prisoner.
Take care.
Peace be with you!
That's all right, although music often has the power to turn bad into good, and good into bad.
Please tell me, has anyone asked for me here today?
I promised to meet someone here at this time.
No one has asked for you.
Of course, I believe you.
It's just coming to be the time now.
Please wait here for a minute  I'll come back to you shortly with some news that will help you.
I will always follow your instructions.
Good to see you.
And you're welcome here.
But do you know how to get there?
And you didn't agree on any other details for the meeting?
That's well done.
I haven't told Mariana about this yet.
Hello there!
You in there, come out!
Re enter MARIANA MARIANA enters.
That's what I hope.
You know that I respect you, right?
Good friar, I know you do; I've found you to be respectful.
Take this girl's hand, then, and listen to the story she has to tell you.
Will you come walk with me alone?
Oh, rank!
Welcome back.
Father, she'll do it, if you tell her to.
I don't just agree to it, I'm asking her to do it, too.
You don't have to say anything when you leave him, except whisper, "Remember my brother, now.  "
Don't worry.
And you, my daughter, don't you worry at all.
Come here, sir.
Could you cut off a man's head?
Come on, sir, none of your jokes  give me a direct answer.
Tomorrow morning, Claudio and Barnadine are sentenced to die.
Sir, I've been an illegal pimp for as long as I can remember, but I'd be happy to be a legal executioner.
It'd be helpful to receive some instructions from my fellow worker.
Hello there!
Abhorson !
Where's Aborhson?
Did you call me, sir?
Sir, this man will help you tomorrow with the execution.
A pimp, sir?
Get rid of him!
He'll ruin all the mystery.
Please, sir, if you don't mind    and I'm sure you don't mind, except that you have a hanging look about you  did you refer to your occupation, sir, as a "mystery?"
Yes, sir, a mystery.
Sir, it is a mystery.
Proof?
Have you reached an agreement?
You, sir: bring your block and your ax tomorrow at four o'clock.
Bring Barnadine and Claudio here.
What can anyone do to help him?
Well, go, prepare yourself.
But wait, what's that noise?
May God give you peace.
No one, since the last bells rung.
Not Isabella?
No.
They will, then, before too long.
Is there any comfort for Claudio?
Hope brings some comfort.
Angelo is a terrible deputy.
He'll stay there until the officer comes to let him in.
You don't have a pardon for Claudio yet?
No pardon, sir, none.
Although it's already near morning, Provost, you'll hear more before dawn.
And here comes Claudio's pardon.
Angelo has sent you this note, and has also asked me to tell you not to overlook even the smallest part of it when it comes to timing, what to do, or other circumstances.
Good morning  since, as far as I can tell, it's almost day.
I'll obey him.
This is his pardon, which was earned by committing a sin with the pardoner himself.
I told you.
Let's hear it, then.
Who is this Barnadine that's supposed to be executed in the afternoon?
How come the absent Duke didn't either set him free or execute him?
I've heard he typically used to do that.
Is it settled now?
Completely.
Has he seemed remorseful in prison?
Does he regret it?
He needs advice.
I want to hear more about him later.
What's that, sir?
I need you to delay the death.
I swear by the vow I made to my order that you'll be safe if you can follow my instructions.
Have Barnadine executed this morning, and send his head to Angelo.
Angelo has seen both of them  he'll figure out the swap.
Oh, death changes the way people look  and you can add to it.
Forgive me, good father.
Did you swear to the Duke, or to the deputy?
To the Duke and to his substitutes.
Will you believe you've done nothing wrong if the Duke signs off on what you're doing?
But what's the chance of that?
It's not only possible, it's certain.
But since I can tell that you're afraid  and that my outfit, my integrity, and my argument can't convince you  I'll go further than I meant to go to put you at ease.
I know both of them.
Sir, bring Barnadine here.
Mr.   Barnadine!
You have to get up and be hanged!
Mr.   Barnadine!
Hello there, Barnadine!
A curse on both of you!
Who's making noise out there?
Who are you?
Your friends, sir, the executioners.
Sir, you need to do us the favor of getting up and being put to death.
Go away, you rascal!
I'm sleepy.
Tell him he has to wake up  and quickly too.
Please, Mr.   Barnadine, stay awake until you're executed; you can sleep afterward.
Go get him and bring him out.
Is the ax on the block, man?
It's ready, sir.
How are you, Abhorson?
What's new with you?
Sir, because I'm a charitable man and I heard you're meant to die soon, I came to talk with you, comfort you, and pray with you.
I swear I won't die today, no matter what anyone says.
But listen
He's doesn't deserve to live, and he refuses to die.
What a hard heart!
Now, sir, how's the prisoner doing?
Oh, God has worked this detail out for us!
It'll be done immediately, good father.
Do this: put both Barnadine and Claudio in secret cells.
I'm entirely at your service.
Go quickly, and send Ragozine's head to Angelo.
Here's the head.
That's convenient.
Come back soon, since I want to talk with you about things I can't tell anyone else.
I'll go as quickly as possible.
Hello!
That's Isabella's voice.
Hello, may I come in?
Good morning to you, my beautiful, gracious daughter.
That's a high compliment coming from such a holy man.
Has the deputy sent my brother's pardon yet?
No, say it isn't so!
Oh, I'll go to Angelo and scratch his eyes out!
You won't be allowed to get near him.
Poor Claudio!
Miserable Isabella!
Unjust world!
Most damned Angelo!
I'll do what you say.
Good evening.
Friar, where's the provost?
He's not here, sir.
Well, you'll have to answer for that one day.
Take care.
Once he put me on trial for getting a girl pregnant.
Did you do such a thing?
Sir, you're better company in looks than you are when you talk.
Take care.
Every letter the Duke has sent has contradicted the others.
And in such a random, irresponsible way, too.
I have no idea.
And why do we have to announce an hour before he gets here that  if anyone wants to appeal a case of injustice   they should make their case in the street?
I will, sir.
Goodbye.
Good night.
Deliver these letters for me at the appropriate time.
The provost knows all about our ideas and the plan.
While the plan is underway, remember your instructions and stick to what I told you  even if you have to go back and forth a little as the situation demands.
I'll do it as quickly as possible.
Do what he says.
I wish Friar Peter
Oh, quiet!
The friar is here.
Come on, I found you the perfect place to stand so that you can easily flag down the Duke.
He won't pass you by.
It's good to see you, cousin!
My old, faithful friend  I'm glad to see you.
Welcome back, your royal Grace!
I give you both many and hearty thanks.
I owe you even more.
Now's your chance: speak loudly and kneel in front of him.
Justice, royal Duke!
Tell me what happened to you.
What was it?
Who did it?
"Justly?"
And she'll say bitter, strange things.
No, it's ten times as strange.
Take her away!
Poor thing, she's completely out of her mind.
Oh, prince, I'm begging you  if you believe that God is real and works in the world, then don't do this to me.
Lots of sane people certainly have less reason than you.
What do you want to say?
Yes, that's him.
No one told you to speak.
No, sir, but no one told me to be silent.
I warrant I will, your Honor.
The warrant's for you; follow it.
This man may have told my story already
Right.
It may be right, but you're in the wrong to speak before your time.
Go on.
I went to this poisonous, rascal of a deputy
That sounds a little crazy.
Forgive me.
Then all is well.
Get to the point; go on.
This is unbelievable!
Oh, I wish it were as believable as it is true!
I swear, you foolish scoundrel, you either don't know what you're saying, or you're out to get the deputy because you hate him.
First of all, his reputation is perfect.
Is this all I get?
Then oh, God above, help me to be patient and wait for the moment when you'll expose the evil that's here in this man!
God bless you, sir, and may he keep you from unhappiness.
I knew you'd leave.
Officer?
Take her to prison!
How can I allow such a loud mouthed, scandalous voice to embarrass someone I care so much about?
This is some kind of plot.
Who knew about your plan to come here?
Someone I wish were here: Friar Lodowick.
A holy father, probably.
Does anyone know this Lodowick?
Bad things about me?
This friar doesn't sound like a very good man.
And he sent this horrible woman here to embarrass my deputy!
Find this friar.
Bless you, your royal Grace!
I've stood by and heard people telling you lies.
I thought so.
Do you know this Friar Lodowick that she mentioned?
Sir, he did, and horribly.
Well, maybe he'll come to clear his name at some point, but he's sick at the moment; he has some strange fever.
Good friar, let's hear it.
I'm sorry, sir, but I won't show my face until my husband tells me to.
Oh, so you're married?
No, my lord.
Are you a virgin?
No, my lord.
Are you a widow, then?
Not that either, my lord.
Well, then you're nothing at all!
Very well, my lord.
He was drunk then, my lord.
If it would keep you quiet, I wish you were drunk, too!
Very well, my lord.
This doesn't have anything to do with Lord Angelo.
Is she charging someone besides me?
Not that I know of.
No?
But you said "your husband.  "
This is a strange accusation.
Let us see your face.
Since my husband's telling me to do so, I'll take off my veil now.
Do you know this woman?
She said he knew her sexually.
Sir, that's enough!
Enough, my lord.
I wish he were here, sir!
Go do it, immediately.
Sir, we'll do it thoroughly.
Mr.   Lucio, didn't you say that, as far as you knew, Friar Lodowick was a dishonest person?
We'll have to ask you to stay here until he comes, so you can accuse him of it.
As much as any friar in Vienna, I swear.
Bring Isabella here again; I want to speak with her.
No better than he did, according to what she said.
Do you think?
I'll go talk with her alone.
That's the spirit.
My lord, here comes the rascal I was talking about.
Mum's the word.
That's false.
What?
Do you know where you are?
We're the Duke's substitutes, and we'll listen to your testimony.
I'll speak boldly, at least.
But you poor souls have let the fox set you on a lamb.
Is this how you solve things?
Is the Duke gone?
Then you have no power.
The Duke is unjust to reverse your appeal and make you go on trial in front of the villain you came to accuse.
This is the rascal, this is the man I was talking about!
He's slandering the state!
Take him away to prison!
What can you say against him, Mr.   Lucio?
Is this the man you told us about?
Yes, it's him, sir.
Come on, Mr.   Baldie.
Oh, did you?
And do you remember what you said about the Duke?
Very well, sir.
Do you, sir?
And didn't you say the Duke was a womanizer, an idiot, and a coward?
Oh, you accursed man!
Didn't I punch you in the face for what you said?
I have to say, I love the Duke as much as I love myself.
Listen how the scoundrel tries to cover it up now, after committing treason!
You can't reason with a man like that.
Take him away to prison!
Where is the provost?
Take him away to prison!
Lock him up and never let him speak again.
Take those whores, too, with their co conspirator!
Wait, sir.
What, is he resisting?
Help him, Lucio.
Come on, sir; come on, sir; come on, sir.
You're the first idiot that ever made someone a duke.
First, sheriff, let me bail out these three innocent people.
This might end up worse than hanging.
Oh, my sovereign lord, I feel guiltier than guiltiness itself now that I know I didn't go undetected; now that I know that you  like God himself  saw everything I did, your Grace.
Come here, Mariana.
Tell me, were you ever engaged to this woman?
I was, my lord.
Go take her away, and marry her immediately.
Friar, you can do the service; once it's done, bring him back here.
You go with him, Provost.
My lord, I'm more surprised by his dishonor than I am by the unexpected nature of it.
Come here, Isabella.
I do, my lord.
Oh, my most gracious lord, I hope you won't tease me with a husband!
Your husband's the one that teased you with a husband.
Oh, my dear lord, I don't want anyone else.
Stop wanting him.
But, sir
You're wasting your time.
Take him away to death!
Now, sir, to you.
Oh, my good lord!
He dies for Claudio's death.
Just thoughts, my lord.
Your request is useless.
Stand up, now.
I just thought of another mistake.
That's what I was commanded to do.
Did you have a special warrant for it?
No, my good lord.
For that, you're fired from your position.
Who's that?
His name is Barnadine.
I wish you would have kept Claudio alive.
Bring him here; let me see him.
Lord Angelo, I'm sad to see that someone as educated and wise as you,   and who seemed good  would mess up so badly, and let his desires get the best of him.
And then to have had such poor judgment afterward.
Which one is Barnadine?
This one, sir.
A friar told me about this man.
This is another prisoner that I saved.
He should have died when Claudio lost his head, and looks as much like Claudio as Claudio himself.
Whipped first, and hanged afterward.
Announce it all around the city, Provost.
I beg you, your Highness: don't make me marry a whore.
I swear on my honor  you'll marry her.
I forgive your slander and pardon all your other crimes, too.
Take him to prison and make sure my instructions are executed.
My lord, marrying a prostitute is worse than being pressed to death, whipped, and hanged.
That's what you deserve for slandering a prince.
This letter says that Don Pedro of Aragon is coming to Messina tonight.
He must be very close by now.
He was less than nine miles away when I left him.
How many men did you lose in this battle?
Not many, and no one with any notable rank or reputation.
A victory is twice as great when the victor comes home without losing any soldiers.
This letter also says that Don Pedro has given great honors to a young man from Florence named Claudio.
The honors are well deserved, and Don Pedro has bestowed them fairly.
He has an uncle here in Messina who will be very glad to hear about this.
Did he really start crying?
Yes, heavily.
Please, has Sir Montanto returned from the battle or not?
I don't know anyone by that name, my lady.
There never was a Sir Montanto in our army.
Who is it you're asking about, niece?
My cousin means Sir Benedick of Padua.
Oh, he's returned, and he's as witty and cheerful as ever.
He served well in this war, my lady.
You had stale food, and he helped you eat it.
He's a very brave eater.
He has an excellent stomach for eating.
And a stomach for fighting too, my lady.
A good soldier compared to a lady, but what is he compared to a lord?
He's a lord to a lord and a man to a man.
Indeed he is.
He's nothing more than a dummy a stuffed man.
But as for what he's stuffed with well, we all have our faults.
Sir, you mustn't misunderstand my niece.
There is a kind of cheerful war between her and Sir Benedick.
Whenever they meet there's always a battle of wits.
And he never gains anything from such battles.
Is that possible?
Entirely possible.
He wears his loyalty like he wears his hats always changing with the latest fashions.
I see that this gentleman isn't included in your good book, my lady.
No.
And if he were in my good book, I'd burn down my library.
But please tell me, who is his friend now?
Isn't there some quarrelsome young man who will go along with Benedick on his voyage to hell?
He spends most of his time in the company of the most noble Claudio.
Oh Lord, Benedick will cling to him like a disease!
Benedick is easier to catch than the plague, and the person he's infected immediately goes insane.
God help the noble Claudio!
If he's caught the Benedick, he'll lose all his money before he can be cured.
I'll make sure to stay on your good side, my lady.
Do, good friend.
You will never "catch the Benedick," niece.
No, not until there's a hot January.
Don Pedro is here.
You welcome your troubles too cheerfully.
This must be your daughter.
That's what her mother keeps telling me.
Sir, did you doubt that she was your daughter, since you had to ask?
He got you back, Benedick!
Even if Sir Leonato is her father, she wouldn't want to resemble an old man, no matter how similar she is to him.
I'm surprised that you're still talking, Sir Benedick.
Nobody's paying attention to you.
Oh, it's my dear Lady Scorn!
Haven't you died from boredom yet?
How could Scorn die when she has such a plentiful supply of food in the form of Sir Benedick?
When you're around, even Lady Courtesy must transform into Lady Scorn.
Then Lady Courtesy is a traitor.
But, truly, all ladies love me, except you.
And I wish I could say that I wasn't so hard  hearted, for I really don't love anyone.
What a stroke of good fortune for women.
Otherwise they would all be plagued by a terrible suitor.
I thank God and my own cold blood that I feel the same way, and don't love anyone.
I would rather hear my dog bark at a crow than hear a man swear that he loves me.
Your Ladyship, may God preserve you in that state of mind forever, so that some poor gentleman will escape having his face scratched up.
If it's a face like yours then scratching couldn't make it look any worse.
I wish my horse were as fast as your tongue, and could go on and on in the same way.
But have it your way, for God's sake.
I'm done.
You always drop out of the horse race before it's over.
I know how you are.
And that's everything that's happened since we last saw each other, Leonato.
Sir Claudio and Sir Benedick, my dear friend Leonato has invited you all to stay here.
I told him we'll stay for at least a month, and he begged us to stay longer.
I swear that he's not just being polite, but is sincere.
My lord, if you swear it, you won't be lying.
Let me welcome you as well, my lord.
I thank you.
I'm a man of few words, but I thank you.
Do you want to lead us all inside, your Grace?
Give me your hand, Leonato.
We'll go together.
Benedick, did you notice Sir Leonato's daughter?
I saw her, but I didn't see anything worth noting.
Isn't she a well mannered young lady?
Are you asking me that honestly, and want my true opinion?
Or do you want me to criticize her in the way that I'm known to criticize all women?
No, please speak honestly and seriously.
Well, to be honest, I think she's too short to be praised highly, too ugly to be praised prettily, and too little to be praised greatly.
You think I'm joking.
Please tell me honestly what you think of her.
Why are you asking about her do you want to buy her?
Could anything in the world be enough to buy such a jewel?
Yes, and a box to put it in.
But are you saying this seriously?
Or are you just playing the part of the mocking rascal, saying that blind Cupid is good at catching hares and Vulcan is a good carpenter?
Come, tell me what key you're singing in, so I can sing in harmony.
In my eyes, she seems like the sweetest lady I've ever seen.
I can still see without glasses, and I don't see it.
If her cousin Beatrice didn't have such a temper, she would exceed Hero of May doth the last of December.
Even if I had sworn to never marry, I wouldn't trust myself if Hero said she would be my wife.
Is this what the world's coming to?
Honestly, isn't there one man left who can wear his hat without fearing to sprout horns ?
Will I never see a sixty year old bachelor again?
Go ahead then, if you insist on putting your neck in the yoke of marriage like an ox, and throwing away your free time.
Look, Don Pedro has returned to look for you.
What secrets have you been telling that kept you from following us to Leonato's?
Your Grace will have to command me to tell.
I command you by your allegiance to me.
Do you hear this, Count Claudio?
If that were true, then that would be the thing to say.
See how he denies his crime, my lord, like the man in the old tale "Mr.   Fox.  "
If my passions don't change very soon, God forbid that it should not be true.
If you really love Hero, then I approve.
You're saying this to trick me into confessing, my lord.
Truthfully, I'm saying what I really think.
I feel that I love her.
And I know that she is worthy.
You've always been a stubborn dissenter in the way you scorn beauty.
And you can't give any good reasons for your argument just sheer willfulness.
A woman conceived me, and I thank her for that.
Then she brought me up, and I give her humble thanks for that, too.
But all other women will have to pardon me if I don't want to be made a fool of by having hunting horns grow from my forehead .
Because I don't want to insult any particular woman by mistrusting her, I'll just protect myself by avoiding and mistrusting them all.
And the result of this is that I'll live as a bachelor, and have more money to spend on fine clothes.
Before I die, I swear I'll see you turn pale with lovesickness.
I'll turn pale with anger, with illness, or with hunger but never with love, my lord.
Well, time will tell.
Even the savage bull eventually wears the yoke.
If that ever happened, you'd go horn mad .
It's just as likely that there'll be an earthquake.
Well, you'll grow milder as time passes.
But in the meantime hurry to Leonato's, good Sir Benedick.
I think I have enough wit left in me to handle such a mission.
into God's hands.
From my house if I had a house
The sixth of July.
Your loving friend, Benedick.
Now, don't make fun.
Sometimes you two might decorate your conversation with little fragments of wit, but they don't hold together very well.
My lord, you can really help me now.
I'm eager to help.
Just let me what I can do, and you'll see how good I am at learning even the hardest lesson.
Does Leonato have any sons, my lord?
He has no child but Hero, who is his only heir.
Do you love her, Claudio?
Soon you'll be a true lover, and wear out everyone who listens to you with endless speeches about your feelings.
You can see how lovesick I am without even asking, and you take care of me so kindly!
But I didn't want to seem to hasty in my feelings, so I was going to smooth them over with a longer explanation.
Why build a bridge wider than the river it's crossing?
You don't have to say more than what gets the point across.
How are you, brother?
Where is my nephew, your son?
He's working on it right now.
But, brother, I have some strange, surprising news to tell you.
Is it good news?
Well, it seems good right now, but who knows how it will unfold.
Is the fellow who told you this a smart man?
He's very sharp.
I'll send for him, and you can question him yourself.
No, no, we'll pretend it was just a dream until it makes itself evident in reality.
But my daughter should know about it, so she can be better prepared with an answer if all this happens to be true.
Go and tell her about it.
Honestly, my lord, why are you so excessively sad?
There is no measure to the things that cause my sadnes.
Therefore, the sadness itself is limitless.
You should listen to reason.
And when I've heard it, how will reason reward me?
I'm surprised that you being such a gloomy man yourself go about trying to cure a deadly disease with platitudes.
I cannot hide who I am.
Yes, but you shouldn't act this way until you can do it without restraint or fear of endangering yourself.
Can't you put your unhappiness to some use?
I already make the most possible use of it, because it's the only thing I use.
Who's that coming?
I just came from a great feast.
Can I use this information to cause trouble?
Who is this fool who wants the constant hassle of marriage?
Well, it's your brother's right hand man.
Who?
The amazing Claudio?
That's the one.
A handsome young man.
And who's the girl?
Who's caught his eye?
Hero, the daughter and heir of Leonato.
A precocious young thing!
How did you come to hear this?
Come, come, let's go to the feast.
This might be just the food I need to cure my unhappiness.
That young upstart Claudio has gained honor and glory through my defeat.
If I can injure him in any way, I'll rejoice.
You'll both stay loyal and help me, won't you?
Until death, my lord.
Then let's go to this great feast.
They're all so happy because I have been defeated.
We'll accompany your Lordship.
Wasn't Don John here at dinner?
I didn't see him.
That gentleman always looks so sour!
I can't ever see him without getting heartburn afterwards.
He does have a very sad disposition.
A man would be excellent if he were halfway between Don John and Benedick.
Then you could put half of Sir Benedick's chatter in Don John's mouth, and put half of Don John's gloominess in Sir Benedick's face
And if he also had handsome legs and a full wallet, such a man could have any woman in the world, if he could win over her good will, uncle.
Niece, I swear you'll never get a husband if you keep such a sharp tongue in your mouth.
Honestly, she's too mean.
Too mean is better than just mean.
In that respect, I'll escape God's punishment, for as the old proverb says: "God gives a mean cow short horns," so she can't cause as much damage.
So by being too mean, God won't send you horns?
Exactly, and if he won't send me horns then he won't send me a husband, for any husband of mine would be sure to grow cuckold's horns.
And I thank God every morning and evening for sending me no husband.
Lord, I couldn't stand a husband with a beard on his face!
You might find a husband without a beard.
And what would I do with him?
Dress him up in my clothes and make him my serving woman?
Well then, does that mean you'll go to hell?
Well, niece, I trust that you at least will always defer to your father.
Yes, of course, it's my cousin's duty to curtsy and say, "Father, I'll do whatever pleases you.  "
But despite all that, cousin, if your father doesn't pick a handsome husband for you, you should curtsy again and say, "Father, I'll do whatever pleases me.  "
Well, niece, I hope to see you with a husband one day.
Not until God starts making men out of something other than dirt.
Shouldn't it make a woman grieve, being ordered about by some brave clump of dust?
Linking her life forever to a wandering piece of clay?
No, uncle, I would rather not have a husband.
All of Adam's descendants are my relatives, and I truly believe that marriage between relatives is a sin.
Daughter, remember what I told you.
If the Prince asks you about marriage, you know how to answer him.
Cousin, if he doesn't court you properly and appropriately, the fault will be in his timing.
If he presses you too hard, tell him that everything has its proper rhythm, and romance is like a dance.
Niece, you see things with unusual perceptiveness.
I have a good eye, uncle.
I can see obvious things in broad daylight.
The partygoers are coming in, brother.
Give them room.
My lady, will you dance with me for a while?
As long as you move gently, look handsome, and say nothing, I'm yours for the dance, and especially when I dance away.
Will I be in your company then?
I'll tell you when I decide.
And when will you decide?
When I like your actual appearance, for God forbid that your face should look like your mask.
Why, then your mask should be thatched like a roof.
Speak softly if you'll speak about love.
Well, I wish that you liked me.
Name one.
I say my prayers aloud.
I love you even more for that.
May God pair me with a good dancer!
Amen.
And may God take him away from me when the dance is done!
Now say "amen," preacher.
No more words from me.
I have my answer.
I know you well enough.
You are Sir Antonio.
In short, I am not.
I recognize you by the way you move your head.
To be honest, I'm only imitating Antonio.
You could never imitate his bad qualities so well unless you were the man himself.
See, you have his dry, aging hands exactly.
You are he, you are he.
In short, I am not.
Come, come, do you think I can't recognize you by the excellent wit of your answers?
Can virtue hide itself?
Be quiet, for you are Antonio.
Nobility will always make itself known, and there's nothing more to be said.
Won't you tell me who said that?
No, you'll have to pardon me.
And you won't tell me who you are either?
Not now.
To think, someone said that I was scornful, and that I got my wit from an old joke book!
Well, it must have been Sir Benedick who said that.
Who's he?
I'm sure you know him well enough.
I don't, believe me.
Didn't he ever make you laugh?
Please tell me, who is he?
Why, he's the Prince's jester a very stupid fool, whose only gift is coming up with outrageous insults.
When I meet the gentleman, I'll tell him what you've said.
Do that.
We should follow them in every good thing.
No, if they lead us the wrong way, I'll leave them at the next song.
My brother is surely in love with Hero, and has now taken her father aside to ask him about marrying her.
The ladies have all followed Hero, but one masked man remains.
And that is Claudio.
I recognize him by his posture.
Aren't you Sir Benedick?
You know me well.
I am Benedick.
Sir, you are a close friend of my brother's.
He is in love with Hero.
Please, convince him to change his mind.
How do you know he loves her?
I heard him swear it.
I did too, and he swore he would marry her tonight.
Come, let's go to the banquet.
I answered to Benedick's name, but I heard this bad news with Claudio's ears.
So it's true: the Prince wants Hero for himself.
Friendship is loyal in all things except for the business of love.
Therefore all lovers should speak only for themselves.
Count Claudio?
Yes, that's me.
Will you come with me?
Where?
Just to the nearest willow tree , to take care of your business, Count.
How do you want to wear your willow garland?
Around your neck, like a rich man's chain?
Or under your arm, like a lieutenant's sash?
You must wear it one way or another, for the Prince has won your Hero.
I wish him happiness with her.
Why, you sound like an honest cattle dealer.
That's how they sell bulls.
Please, leave me alone.
Hey, now you're lashing out in the dark.
Someone else robbed you, but you'll beat up the messenger.
If you won't go away, I'll leave you.
Alas, that poor wounded bird.
Now he'll crawl into the bushes and hide.
Now, Sir, where's Count Claudio?
Did you see him?
Truly, my lord, I played the part of Lady Rumor and relayed the news to him.
I found him here, as melancholy as a rabbit in a burrow.
To beat him?
What's his crime?
The simple crime of a schoolboy who finds a birds' nest and joyfully shows it to his friend, who then steals it.
Will you turn trusting a friend into a crime?
The criminal is the thief.
I only plan to teach the baby birds to sing, and then return them to their rightful owner.
The Lady Beatrice has a quarrel with you.
The gentleman she danced with told her that you had insulted her gravely.
Oh, she's insulted me so badly that not even a block of wood could endure it!
An oak tree with only one green leaf left would revive itself to respond to her abuse.
Even my mask started to come to life and try to argue with her.
Look, here she comes.
Will your Grace please send me on a mission to the ends of the earth?
I'll go to the other side of the globe for any silly errand you can come up with.
I'll fetch you a toothpick from the farthest reaches of Asia, or find out Prester John's shoe size, or bring you a hair from Cham's beard, or deliver any message you want to send to the Pygmies  anything rather than exchange three words with this man eating vulture.
Don't you have any work for me?
No work at all all I desire is your good company.
Oh God, sir, then here comes a meal I hate.
I can't stand tongue!
And I hope that he won't put me down , or else my children will all be fools.
Here, I've brought Count Claudio, whom you sent me to find.
Why, what's going on, Count?
I'm not sad, my lord.
What is it then?
Neither sad nor sick, my lord.
The Count is neither sad, nor sick, nor happy, nor well he's just civil, civil and orange like an orange from Seville, and with the same jealous, yellow complexion.
Truly, lady, I think your description is right, though I swear he has no reason to look so jealous.
Here, Claudio, I've courted Hero on your behalf, and beautiful Hero has been won.
I asked her father, and he's given his permission.
Name the day you want to get married, and may God give you joy.
Count Claudio, take my daughter, and take all my fortunes along with her.
The Prince has made the match, and may God the Prince of heaven say "amen" to it.
That's your cue to speak, Count.
Silence is the best announcer of joy.
Truly, lady, you have a cheerful heart.
Yes, my lord.
I thank my heart, the poor fool, for it keeps itself safe from worries.
Now my cousin is whispering to Claudio that she loves him.
And so she is, cousin.
Thank the good Lord for alliances!
And so everyone goes off into the world of marriage except for me.
Lady Beatrice, I will get you a husband.
I would rather have one your father got me .
Don't you have any brothers like yourself, your Grace?
Your father got excellent husbands, if only a young woman could find one.
Will you have me, my lady?
No, my lord not unless I could have another husband for workdays.
Your Grace is too expensive to wear every day.
But please pardon me, your Grace.
I was born to tell jokes, not to make sense.
Niece, will you take care of those things I asked you about?
Forgive me, uncle, I will.
If you'll excuse me, your Grace.
By God, what a good humored lady.
There's certainly not much gloominess in her, my lord.
She's only sad when she sleeps, and even then Hero has told me that Beatrice can dream of misfortune but still wake herself up laughing.
She can't stand to hear about getting a husband.
Oh, certainly not.
She mocks all her suitors until they give up courting her.
She would be an excellent wife for Benedick.
Oh Lord, if they were married, they'd talk each other into insanity within a week, my lord.
Count Claudio, when do you plan to get married?
Tomorrow, my lord.
Time limps along slowly when love is waiting to be fulfilled.
My lord, I'll accept your proposal, even if I have to stay up for ten nights straight.
And me too, my lord.
And you too, dear Hero?
My lord, I'll perform any task if it will help my cousin get a good husband.
And Benedick isn't the worst husband I know.
It's been decided.
Count Claudio will marry Leonato's daughter.
Yes, my lord, but I can still ruin it.
Any obstacle or impediment to Claudio's marriage will be like medicine to me.
I am sick with anger toward him, and whoever can spoil his happiness will improve my own happiness.
How do you plan to stop this wedding?
My lord, I can't do it without being dishonest, but I'll be so secretive that no one will suspect me.
Quickly, tell me how.
I think I told you about a year ago how much Hero's serving woman, Margaret, likes me.
I remember.
I can arrange for her to meet me at Hero's bedroom window at some indecent hour of the night.
How will that help to kill this marriage?
It's up to you to brew the poison with these ingredients.
Go to the Prince your brother.
And how can I prove that?
You'll have enough proof to deceive the Prince, torment Claudio, ruin Hero, and kill Leonato.
What more could you want?
I'll do anything to hurt them.
Go then, find a suitable time to speak with Don Pedro and Count Claudio alone.
Tell them that you know that Hero loves me.
Pretend to be very passionate about preserving your brother's honor, which has been compromised by making this match, and also Claudio's reputation, which will be ruined by this woman, whom you've discovered is only pretending to be a virgin.
They won't believe this without proof, of course so give them examples.
Make this happen as you say, and I'll do my part.
Arrange this cunningly, and I'll reward you with a thousand gold coins.
If you can make your accusation of Hero convincing, then my cunning won't fail me.
I'll go right now to learn the date of their wedding.
Boy!
Sir?
In my bedroom window there is a book.
Go get it and bring it to me here in the garden.
But I am here already, sir.
I know that, but I want you to go there and then come back here again.
Come, shall we hear some music?
Yes, my good lord.
How still the evening is as if it's purposefully being quiet to honor the music!
Do you see where Benedick is hiding?
Oh, very well, my lord.
When the music is over, we'll give that hidden fox more than he bargained for!
Come, Balthasar, please play that song again.
Oh, my good lord, don't command me to insult music again with my awful voice.
It's a sure sign of excellence that your voice doesn't admit to its own perfection.
Please, sing for us, and don't make me woo you anymore.
But note this before I play my notes: there's not a note I can sing that's worthy of being noted.
Why, listen to him speaking his odd ideas in quarter notes!
Everyone take note: we will now hear notes.
Now that must be a divine song!
Now their souls are filled with passion.
Isn't it strange that strings made of sheep's guts can draw men's souls from their bodies?
I swear, that's good song.
And a bad singer, my lord.
If a dog had howled like that they would have killed it.
I pray to God that his bad voice isn't an omen of trouble.
I would rather have heard a night raven shriek, even if it does mean the plague is coming after it, as they say.
Yes, well, do you hear me, Balthasar?
Please, get us some excellent music for tomorrow night we want to serenade Lady Hero at her bedroom window.
I'll do the best I can, my lord.
Do so.
Farewell.
Oh, yes.
Tread carefully: our prey is nearby.
Yes, and I never thought that that lady would ever love any man.
Is it possible?
Is that the way the wind is blowing now?
Maybe she's only pretending.
Yes, that seems more likely.
Oh God!
Pretending?
Then pretend passion has never seemed so much like real passion, at least the way she displays it.
Why, what symptoms of love has she been showing?
Bait the hook well; this fish is about to bite.
What symptoms, my lord?
You know, she will sit but you heard my daughter tell you about it.
She did indeed.
How, how?
Please tell!
I would think this was a joke if the white  bearded fellow weren't saying it.
Mischief surely can't hide itself in such a respectable old man.
He's taken the bait.
Keep it up.
Has she revealed her feelings to Benedick?
No, and she swears she never will.
That's what's been tormenting her.
That's the truth.
Now that you speak of a page of paper, I remember a funny story Hero told.
That was it.
Oh, Beatrice tore that letter into a thousand pieces, and got angry at herself for being so forward as to write to a man she knew would mock her.
Then she fell down on her knees and wept, sobbed, beat at her chest, tore her hair, prayed, and cursed: "Oh, sweet Benedick!
God give me patience!  "
If Beatrice won't tell Benedick, then it would be good if someone else let him know.
What purpose would that serve?
He would just turn it into a joke and torment the poor lady even more.
If he does that, it would be a good deed to hang him.
She's an excellent, sweet lady, and there's no doubt that she's virtuous.
And she is exceptionally wise.
In everything except for her love for Benedick.
Oh, my lord, when wisdom and emotion are at war within a tender young person, it's ten to one that emotion will be victorious.
I am sorry for her, as I ought to be, being both her uncle and her guardian.
I wish she had bestowed her love on me instead.
I would have put aside all other considerations and made her my wife.
Please, tell Benedick about this and hear what he says.
Do you think that would be a good idea?
She's right.
If she made him an offer of love, it's very possible that he'll scorn it for that man has a contemptuous nature, as we all know.
He is a very handsome man, though.
He does indeed have a good outward appearance.
And I'll swear to God that he's very wise.
He does indeed show some sparks of something like wisdom.
And he seems very brave.
And so he will, for he is indeed a God fearing man, even though some of his rude jokes make him seem otherwise.
Well, I am sorry for your niece.
Should we go find Benedick and tell him of her love?
No, that's impossible.
Her heart might give out first.
Well, we'll hear more about this from your daughter.
Let's leave it for a while.
I am fond of Benedick, and I wish he would examine himself humbly and see how undeserving he is of that good lady.
My lord, will you go?
Dinner is ready.
If he doesn't fall in love with her after this, I'll never trust myself again.
Make sure your daughter and her servants set the same trap for Beatrice.
The real fun will be when they each believe the other is in love, when none of it is actually true.
This can't be a trick.
Their discussion was serious, and they had Hero's words to back them up.
They seem to pity the lady.
I've been sent against my will to tell you to come in to dinner.
Fair Beatrice, I thank you for making the effort to do that for me.
So you took pleasure in delivering the message then?
Yes, just as much pleasure as choking a bird with a knife.
So you have no appetite for our battle of wits, sir?
Farewell then.
Ha!
"I've been sent against my will to tell you to come in to dinner.  "
There's a double meaning in that.
Good Margaret, run to the parlor.
You'll find my cousin Beatrice talking to the Prince and Claudio there.
Whisper in her ear, and tell her that Ursula and I are walking in the garden and talking about her.
Say that you overheard us, and tell her to sneak into the leafy arbor where the honeysuckles, brought to full bloom by the sun, now block the sunlight from entering like men promoted by princes who then turn against their masters.
Beatrice can hide there and listen to our conversation.
This is your job.
Do it well, and then leave the rest to us.
I'll make her come right away, I promise you.
Now, Ursula, when Beatrice shows up, we must walk back and forth on this garden path and talk about nothing but Benedick.
When I mention him, you should praise him more than any man ever deserved.
And I'll talk to you about how Benedick is sick with love for Beatrice.
This is how Cupid makes his crafty arrows: out of rumor and hearsay.
The best part of fishing is when you can see the fish cut through the water and greedily devour the treacherous bait.
We're fishing for Beatrice, who is hiding even now in the honeysuckle arbor.
Then let's get closer to her, so she won't miss any of the false, sweet bait we're putting out for her.
No, truly, Ursula, she is too scornful.
I know that she's as shy and untameable as a wild hawk in the mountains.
But are you sure that Benedick is so completely in love with Beatrice?
That's what the Prince and my new fiancé say.
And did they ask you to tell Beatrice about it, madam?
Why did you say that?
Doesn't Benedick deserve at least as good a wife as Beatrice would ever be?
Oh, by the god of love!
I know he deserves as much as any man could be given, but Nature never made a woman's heart prouder than Beatrice's.
Indeed, you speak the truth.
No matter how wise, noble, young, and handsome a man is, she always manages to turn his merits into faults.
Surely, surely, such fussy nitpicking is not to be praised.
No, it's certainly not praiseworthy to be as odd and willfully eccentric as Beatrice is.
But who would dare to tell her that?
If I spoke to her, she would mock me into thin air.
But you should tell her, and hear how she responds.
Oh, don't do your cousin wrong like that!
If she really has the quick and excellent wit she's known for, then she can't be so unwise as to refuse an exceptional gentleman like Sir Benedick.
He's the best man in Italy, except for my dear Claudio, of course.
Indeed, he does have an excellent reputation.
And he was excellent before he had the reputation, too.
When are you getting married, madam?
Why, tomorrow and every day after.
Come, let's go inside.
I want to show you some outfits and have you advise me on what I should wear tomorrow for the wedding.
She's trapped, I promise you.
We have caught her, madam.
My ears are burning!
Can this be true?
Do people really condemn me so much for being proud and scornful?
Then farewell to contempt, and farewell to my pride in being unmarried!
No one speaks well of a person with such qualities.
And Benedick, keep on loving; I will return your love.
I'll tame my fierce heart, which will be trained like a wild hawk to come to your loving hand.
I'll only stay in Messina until your marriage is official, and then I'll go on to Aragon.
My lord, I'll escort you there if you'll allow me.
No, that would be throwing a blot on your shiny new marriage, like showing a child his new coat and then not letting him wear it.
I'll only take the liberty of asking Benedick to come with me, for he's a true joker from head to toe.
He's evaded love two or three times and cut Cupid's bow string and since then Cupid doesn't dare to shoot at him.
Benedick's heart is like a bell, and his tongue is the clapper that makes it ring whatever his heart thinks, his tongue speaks.
Gentlemen, I am not the same man I used to be.
I agree.
I hope he's in love.
There's no way in hell!
Benedick doesn't have a drop of emotion in his blood that could be affected by love.
If he looks serious, then he needs money.
I have a toothache .
Draw it.
Hang it!
You must hang it first, and then draw it afterwards.
What, are you re so depressed about a toothache?
It's nothing but a humor or worm .
Well, everyone knows how to cure a pain except the person actually feeling it.
I still say he's in love.
All the traditional symptoms point to him being in love.
He brushes his hat in the mornings.
What does that imply?
Has any man seen him at the barber's?
Indeed, the loss of his beard does make him look younger.
And he's rubbed himself with perfume.
Can you sniff out his secret now?
You might as well say that the sweet smelling youth's in love.
The greatest sign of it is his melancholy behavior.
And when has he ever been in the habit of washing his face?
Yes, or wearing makeup?
I hear he's been doing that, too.
Indeed, this all adds up to a serious tale for Benedick.
To conclude: he is in love
Oh, and I know who loves him.
I want to know too.
It must be someone who doesn't know him well.
But she does know him, and all his bad qualities.
She'll be buried with her face upwards .
But all this talk won't cure a toothache.
Old sir, walk with me a while.
I have eight or nine wise words to say to you, and I don't want these buffoons to hear them.
I'd bet my life he wants to talk to Leonato about marrying Beatrice!
It must be that.
My lord and brother, God bless you.
Good evening, brother.
If you have time, I'd like to speak with you.
In private?
If you like.
But Count Claudio should stay and listen, for what I have to say concerns him as well.
What's the matter?
Do you plan on getting married tomorrow, my lord?
You know he does.
I can't be sure of that, once he learns what I know.
If there's any obstacle to the marriage, please reveal it.
You might think that I don't like you, Claudio.
I hope that you will think better of me after I reveal this news.
I think my brother holds you in high regard, and has affectionately helped you to arrange this marriage but that was an unfortunate courtship and a waste of labor.
Why, what's the matter?
I came here to tell you, and, without any unnecessary details for we've already wasted too many words on her the lady is unfaithful.
Who, Hero?
The same: Leonato's Hero, your Hero, every man's Hero.
Unfaithful?
That word is too good to properly describe her wickedness.
I would call her something worse.
Come up with a worse word for her, and I'll show you how she deserves it.
But restrain your disbelief until you've seen proof.
Go with me tonight, and you'll see a man enter her bedroom window even tonight, the night before her wedding day.
If you still love her after that, then go through with the marriage tomorrow.
But it would suit your honor better if you changed your mind.
Can this be so?
I refuse to believe it.
If you don't have the courage to see the truth for yourself, then don't claim to know anything.
If I see anything tonight that convinces me not to marry her, then tomorrow I'll shame her in front of the same congregation where I would have married her.
And since I courted her for you, I will join you in disgracing her.
I won't criticize her any more until you can bear witness to my accusations.
Keep calm until midnight, and then you'll see for yourself.
Oh, what a day horribly ruined!
Oh, unexpected unfaithfulness ruining my hopes!
Oh, what a curse prevented!
That's what you'll say when you've seen what comes next.
Are you good and honest men?
They must be, or else they should suffer salvation of body and soul.
No, that punishment would be too good for them, if they had any allegiance in them when they were chosen to be the Prince's watchmen.
Well, give them their instructions, Sir Dogberry.
First, who do you think is most undeserving to be captain of the watch tonight?
Hugh Oatcake or George Seacole, sir.
Come here, Sir Seacole.
God has blessed you with a good name.
To be a good looking man is a gift of luck, but to know how to read and write comes by nature.
Both of which, Master Constable
You have.
I knew that would be your answer.
What if a man won't stop?
If he won't stop when ordered to, then he's not one of the Prince's subjects.
True, and you are only supposed to deal with the Prince's subjects.
We'll sleep instead of talk.
We know what the duties of a watchman are.
Why, you speak like an old and quiet watchman, for I don't see how sleeping could offend anyone.
Just be careful that your weapons don't get stolen.
Also, you are to visit all the bars and tell those who are drunk to go to bed.
What if they won't?
Why, then, leave them alone until they're sober.
If they don't agree to go home even then, you can say that they aren't the men you thought they were.
Very well, sir.
If we know he's a thief, then shouldn't we arrest him?
Truly, your position allows you to, but personally I think that those who touch tar will become unclean themselves.
If you do find a thief, the most peaceable thing to do is to let him prove himself a thief by stealing away from your presence.
You've always been known as a merciful man, partner.
Truly, I wouldn't even a hang a dog, much more a man with any honesty in him.
If you hear a child crying in the night, you must call to the nurse and tell her to quiet it.
What if the nurse is asleep and won't listen to us?
It's very true.
This is the end of your instructions.
You, constable, are representing the Prince himself.
If you meet the Prince in the night, you can detain him.
No, by the Virgin Mary, I don't think he can.
By the Virgin Mary, I think that's true.
Ha, ha, ha!
Well, sirs, goodnight.
If anything important comes up, call on me.
Keep each other's advice, and your own.
Good night.
Well, sirs, we've heard our instructions.
Let's sit here on the church bench until two o'clock, and then all go to bed.
One more thing, honest sirs.
Hey, Conrad!
Quiet!
Don't move.
Conrad, I say!
Here, man, I'm at your elbow.
Christ , my elbow itched, and I thought I felt a scab there.
I'll get you back for that later.
Now continue with your story.
There's some villainy going on here, gentlemen.
Keep hidden.
You should know that I've earned a thousand gold pieces from Don John.
Is it possible that any villainy could be so expensive?
Instead you should ask if it's possible that any villain could be so rich.
For when rich villains need poor ones, then the poor villains can name their price.
I'm amazed.
That shows that you're inexperienced.
You know that the style of a man's jacket, hat, or cloak doesn't make the man, right?
Yes, it's just clothing.
No, I mean the fashion of the clothing.
Yes, the fashion is the fashion.
Pshaw, I might as well say that the fool's the fool.
But don't you see what a deformed thief fashion is?
I know that man Deformed.
He's been a terrible thief for the last seven years.
He walks about like he's a gentleman.
I remember his name.
Did you hear somebody?
No, it was just the weathervane on the house.
I understand all this, and I can see that clothes are discarded because of changing fashions before they can get worn out.
But aren't you crazy about fashion, too, since you've changed out of your story to start going on about fashion?
No, I'm not.
But you should know that tonight I seduced Margaret, Lady Hero's serving woman, and called her "Hero" the whole time.
She leaned out of her mistress's bedroom window and told me goodnight a thousand times.
But I'm telling this story badly.
I should first tell you how my master Don John filled the Prince and Claudio with suspicion about Hero's virtue, and arranged that they should witness this lovers' meeting from the garden.
And they thought that Margaret was Hero?
In the Prince's name, we command you to halt!
Call up the reverend Master Constable Dogberry.
We have here recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery that was ever seen in this country.
And the criminal Deformed is one of them.
I know him; he has a long lock of hair.
Gentlemen, gentlemen
You'll be forced to bring Deformed forward, I promise you.
Well, our value is about to be judged, I'll bet.
All right, we'll obey you.
Good Ursula, wake my cousin Beatrice and ask her to get up.
I will, my lady.
And tell her to come here.
Very well.
Honestly, I think your other collar looks better.
No, please, good Meg, I'll wear this one.
I swear it's not as good as the other one, and I bet your cousin will say so too.
My cousin's a fool, and so are you.
I'll wear this one and no other.
I like the new wig and headdress a lot, though I wish the hair was a shade browner.
Your gown is very stylish indeed.
Oh, that dress is beyond comparison, they say.
May God give me joy in wearing it, for my heart is very heavy.
It will be even heavier soon, with the weight of a man on top of it.
Watch your tongue!
Aren't you ashamed?
Of what, lady?
Of speaking honorably?
Sex and marriage are honorable things even for a beggar, aren't they?
Isn't your new husband honorable?
Good morning, cousin.
Good morning, sweet Hero.
Why, what's going on?
You sound sad, or sick.
It's the only way I can sound, I think.
Let's change your tune, then, and sing "Light of Love.  "
That song doesn't need any man to sing harmony.
You sing it, and I'll dance.
You're the "light of love," with your heels in the air !
If your husband is rich enough, you'll give him plenty of children.
Oh, your dirty jokes!
I kick them away with my heels.
It's almost five o'clock, cousin.
It's time to get ready.
I swear, I really don't feel well.
Are you sighing for a hawk, a horse, or a husband?
For the letter that starts them all, "H .  "
Well, if you haven't yet renounced your old belief that you'd never marry, then we can't trust anything anymore.
What is this fool trying to say, I wonder?
Nothing only that God sends everyone their heart's desire.
The Count sent me these gloves, and they're perfumed excellently.
I'm all stuffed up, cousin.
I can't smell anything.
A virgin, and stuffed !
That's a good way to catch a cold.
Oh, God help me, God help me!
How long have you claimed to have such a wit?
Ever since you left yours behind.
Doesn't my wit suit me excellently?
It doesn't show itself enough you should wear it in your fool's cap.
I swear, I'm really sick.
Get some distilled carduus benedictus and put it over your heart.
It's the only thing for a sudden sickness.
With that joke you've pricked her with a thistle.
Benedictus!
Why benedictus?
Is there some hidden meaning in this benedictus?
Hidden meaning?
No, I swear, I intended no hidden meaning.
I just mean that you should use plain holy thistle.
think you are in love.
Why are you talking so quickly?
I'm not running on untruthfully.
Madam, come with me: the Prince, the Count, Sir Benedick, Don John, and all the gentlemen of the town have come to bring you to the church.
Help to dress me, good cousin, good Meg, good Ursula.
What do you want from me, honorable neighbor?
Well, sir, I would like to have some confidence with you about something that decerns you greatly.
Be brief, please, for as you can see this is a busy time for me.
Well, it certainly seems to be, sir.
Yes, it truly is, sir.
What is this news, my friend?
Sorry, sir, Goodman Verges tends to ramble on a little.
Yes, I thank God that I'm as honest as any man alive who is also old and is no more honest than I am.
Making comparisons is odorous , neighbor Verges.
Use fewer words and get to the point, please.
Neighbors, you're becoming tedious.
You can say that if you like, your Worship , but we're only the poor duke's officers.
But truly, if I were as tedious as a king, I would find it in my heart to give it all to you, your Worship.
You'd give all your tediousness to me, huh?
Yes, even if it were a thousand pounds more than it is, for I hear that you are as well exclaimed as any man in the city, your Worship, and though I'm only a poor man, I'm glad to hear it.
And so am I.
I want to hear your news.
Well, sir, last night our watch captured two of the worst villains in Messina, excepting your presence, your Worship.
Indeed, my friend, you're certainly his superior.
It's only God's gifts.
I must leave you now.
One more thing, sir.
Our watch, sir, has indeed comprehended two aspicious persons, and we'd like for you to examine them this morning, your Worship.
Examine them yourself, and then bring me the results.
I'm in a great hurry right now, as you can see.
That will be suffigance .
Drink some wine before you go.
Farewell.
My lord, they're waiting for you to give your daughter away to her husband.
I'll attend to them.
I am ready.
Go, good partner.
Go to Francis Seacole, the constable of the watch.
Tell him to bring pen and ink to the jail.
And we must do it wisely.
We won't hold back our wit, I promise you.
We'll drive them crazy with our intelligence.
Just get that educated writer to record our excommunication , and meet me at the jail.
My lord, have you come here to marry this lady?
No.
He means he's here to be married to her.
Friar, you're the one who's come to marry her.
Lady, do you come here to be married to this count?
I do.
If either of you knows of any secret reason why you should not be married, then I command you, by your souls, to say it now.
Do you know of any, Hero?
None, my lord.
Do you know of any, Count?
I'll dare to answer for him none.
Oh, what men will dare to do!
What men are allowed to do!
What men do daily, not aware of what they're doing!
What's this, such bitter interjections at a wedding?
Let's add some better ones, like "ah," "ha," and "he!  "
Step aside, Friar.
Father, will you freely and without reservations give me this maiden, your daughter?
As freely, son, as God gave her to me.
And what can I give you back that would balance out this rich and precious gift?
Nothing, unless you should give her back.
Sweet Prince, you teach me how to accept things nobly.
There, Leonato.
Take your daughter back again.
Don't give this rotten orange to your friend.
She has only the outward appearance of honor.
See how she blushes like a virgin now!
Oh, how masterfully sin can disguise itself!
What do you mean, my lord?
My dear lord, if your proof is yourself if you are the one who conquered her in her youthfulness and took her virginity
And have I ever showed anything else to you?
Shame on you, false appearance!
I will argue against you.
To me you still seem like Diana , as innocent as the bud before it blooms.
But you are more hot blooded than Venus, or an animal left to run wild in its lust.
My lord, are you ill?
Sweet Prince, why don't you say something?
What should I say?
Are these things really being said, or am I dreaming?
Sir, they are spoken, and they are true.
This doesn't look like a wedding.
He says they're true!
Oh God!
Leonato, am I standing here?
Is this the Prince?
Is this the Prince's brother?
Is this face Hero's?
Are our eyes our own eyes?
All this is true.
As you are my child, I order you to do so.
Oh, God defend me!
How I am attacked from all sides!
What kind of interrogation is this?
Isn't my name Hero?
Who can stain that name with any honest accusation?
Well, Hero can do that!
I didn't talk to any man at that hour, my lord.
Why, then you are no virgin.
I'm sorry you must hear this, Leonato.
Does any man here have a dagger for me to stab myself?
Why, how are you doing, cousin?
Why are you collapsing now?
Come on, let's go.
These secrets being brought to light have overwhelmed her spirit.
How is the lady?
Dead, I think.
Help, uncle!
Hero, why Hero!
Uncle!
Sir Benedick!
Friar!
How are you, cousin Hero?
Take comfort, lady.
Do you dare to look up?
Well, why shouldn't she?
Why shouldn't she look up?
Why, isn't everything on earth condemning her?
Can she deny the story that is written in her guilty blush?
Sir, sir, calm down.
For my part, I'm so filled with amazement that I don't know what to say.
Oh, I swear on my soul, my cousin has been slandered!
Lady, did you sleep in her room last night?
Then it's confirmed, confirmed!
Oh, that has added even more evidence to what is already a strong case against her!
Friar, this cannot be.
You see that the only virtue she has left prevents her from adding perjury to her sins she won't deny the accusations.
Lady, what man is it you're accused of meeting with?
Ask the ones who accuse me.
I don't know.
If I've been with any man alive in a way that's inappropriate for a proper, modest virgin, then let all my sins be punished!
Oh my father, if you can prove that any man talked to me at an indecent hour or that last night I spoke to anyone at all then disown me, hate me, and torture me to death!
The princes have had some strange misunderstanding.
I don't know.
Pause a moment, and hear my advice about this.
The princes have left your daughter for dead here.
Let her be hidden secretly in your house for a while, and make it publicly known that she is, indeed, dead.
Keep up a show of mourning, hang sad epitaphs at your family's old tomb, and perform all the usual burial rites.
What will result from this?
What will this accomplish?
Sir Leonato, listen to the friar's advice.
It's a good agreement.
Lady Beatrice, have you been weeping this whole time?
Yes, and I will weep for a while longer.
I wish you wouldn't.
You have no reason to wish that.
I do it willingly.
I do truly believe that your beautiful cousin was wronged.
Ah, I would give anything to any man who made this right!
Is there any way I could show you such friendship?
A very clear way, but there is no such friend to do it.
Can a man do it?
It is a man's job, but not a job for you.
There's nothing in the world I love as much as you.
Isn't that strange?
As strange as my own confusion.
Beatrice, I swear by my sword that you love me.
Don't swear.
I'll swear by my sword that you love me, and if any man says I don't love you, I'll make him eat my sword.
But you won't eat your words?
Not with any sauce that could be invented for them.
I declare that I love you.
Why, then, God forgive me.
Forgive you for what offense, sweet Beatrice?
You've stopped me at just the right moment.
I was about to declare that I loved you too.
Then declare it with all your heart.
I love you with so much of my heart that none of it is left to object.
Come, ask me to do anything for you.
Kill Claudio.
Ha!
Not for the whole wide world.
Then you kill me by refusing.
Farewell.
Wait, sweet Beatrice.
My spirits have left, though my body is still here.
There is no true love in you.
Please, let me go .
Beatrice
I swear, I will go.
We must part on friendly terms.
You would dare to be my friend when you won't fight my enemies?
Is Claudio your enemy?
Hasn't he proved to be the worst kind of villain by slandering, scorning, and dishonoring my cousin?
Oh, if only I were a man!
What, he just leads her on until the moment they were exchanging vows, and then, with public accusation, open slander, pure hatred Oh God, if only I were a man!
I would rip out his heart and eat it in the marketplace.
Listen to me, Beatrice
Talking with a man at her bedroom window!
That's a likely story!
No, but Beatrice
Beat
Princes and counts!
Sure, what a princely testimony they gave an excellent conviction!
Count Sweetmeat, that sweet gentleman, for sure!
Oh, if only I were a man, I would deal with him!
Or even if I had a friend who would be a man for my sake!
But manliness and bravery have been melted into curtsies and compliments, and all men have become nothing but tongues, fancy tongues.
The man who tells a lie and swears that it's true is now considered as brave as Hercules.
Wait, good Beatrice.
I swear by this hand, I love you.
Then use it for something other than swearing, and prove your love for me.
Do you really think in your soul that Count Claudio has wronged Hero?
Yes, as sure as I have a mind or a soul.
Is our whole dissembly here now?
Oh, but we need a stool and a cushion for the sexton.
Which ones are the malefactors?
Well, that would be me and my partner .
Yes, that's certain we've been exhibitioned to examine this case.
But which ones are the criminals to be examined?
Let them come before the Master Constable.
Yes, well, bring them before me.
Borachio.
Please, write down "Borachio.  "
And yours, sir ?
I am a gentleman, sir.
Write down "Master Gentleman Conrad.  "
Sirs, do you obey God's laws?
Indeed , sir, that we aren't villains.
He's a marvelously witty fellow, I assure you, but I'll get the better of him.
Come here, sir, and I'll whisper a word in your ear.
Sir, I say that you are both suspected of being lying villains.
And I say that we are not, sir.
Well, step aside then.
By God, they've both agreed to the same lie.
Have you written that down, that they aren't lying villains?
Master Constable, this isn't the right way to conduct an examination.
First you must call forth the watchmen who accused them.
Yes, well, that's the easiest way.
Let the watchmen step forward.
Sirs, I order you in the Prince's name to accuse these men.
Sir, this man said that Don John, the Prince's brother, was a villain.
Write down that Prince John was a villain.
Why, thats flat  out perjury , to call a prince's brother a villain.
Master Constable
Please, man, be quiet.
I don't like the look of you, I promise you that.
What else did you hear him say?
Well, that he had received a thousand gold pieces from Don John for wrongfully accusing the Lady Hero.
That's burglary if anything ever was.
Yes, by God, it is.
And what else, man?
And that Count Claudio based on Don John's accusation was going to disgrace Hero before the whole wedding assembly, and refuse to marry her.
Oh, you villain!
You'll be condemned to everlasting redemption for this!
What else?
That's all.
And all this is more than you can deny, sirs.
This morning Prince John secretly fled Messina.
Hero was accused and refused by Claudio just as the watchman reported, and she died from her sudden grief.
Master Constable, tie these men up and bring them to Leonato's.
I'll go ahead of you and show him the written report of this examination.
Come, let's opinion them.
Let them be handcuffed.
Get off of me, you fool!
God save me, where's the sexton?
He ought to write down that the Prince's officer was called "fool.  "
Come on, bind them.
You wicked rascal!
Get away from me!
You are an ass, you are an ass!
How dare you!
Don't you suspect my position?
Don't you suspect my age?
You're behaving no better than a child by acting like this.
Please, be quiet.
But don't take up the burden of all this pain on your own.
Make those responsible suffer too.
Now you're speaking reasonably.
I'll do that.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio in a hurry.
Good evening, good evening.
Good day to both of you.
Listen to me, my lords
We're in a bit of a hurry, Leonato.
A bit of a hurry, my lord!
Well, farewell then, my lord.
Don't fight with us now, good old man.
Who has wronged him?
Indeed, you have wronged me, you hypocrite.
No, don't lay your hand on your sword.
I'm not afraid of you.
Indeed, curse my hand if it should ever frighten an old man like you.
I swear, my hand had no intention of using my sword.
Shame on you, man.
My villainy?
Yours, Claudio, yours, I say.
Then you don't speak the truth, old man.
Enough!
I won't have anything to do with you.
You think you can push me aside just like that?
You have killed my child.
Boy, if you want to kill a man, then dare to kill me.
We're both real men, and he'll have to kill both of us.
But that's no matter.
Let him try to kill one of us first.
Brother
Don't try to stop me.
Brother Antonio
Dont' stop me.
But, brother Antonio
Don't worry about it.
Let me deal with this.
Gentlemen, we won't stay and test your patience any further.
I'm sorry for your daughter's death, but I swear on my honor that the charges were true and backed up by proof.
My lord, my lord
I'm not listening to you.
No?
Come on, then, brother, let's go!
I want somebody to listen to me.
And somebody will listen to you, or certain people will suffer for it.
See, here comes the man we were looking for.
Now, sir, what's new?
Good day, my lord.
Welcome, sir.
You almost arrived in time to break up what was almost a fight.
We were about to have our noses snapped off by two old men without teeth.
Leonato and his brother.
What do you think of that?
If we had fought, I fear that we should have been too inexperienced for them.
There's no real bravery in an unfair fight.
I came to find you both.
My wit's in my sword's scabbard.
Should I unsheathe it?
Do you wear your wit by your side?
No one wears their wit by their side, though many are beside their wit .
I swear, Benedick looks pale.
Are you sick, or angry?
What, cheer up, man!
What does it matter that worry killed the cat?
You have enough liveliness in you to kill worry.
Sir, if you try to use your wit to attack me, I'll knock you down with my own wit.
Please, choose another method.
Give him another lance.
He broke that last one in half with a poor hit.
I swear, his face keeps getting paler.
I think he really is angry.
If he is, it's up to him to change his own attitude.
Can I have a word with you?
God forbid that he wants to challenge me!
You're a villain.
I'm not joking.
I challenge you in whatever way you prefer, with when you dare.
I accept your challenge, and will enjoy it.
What, are we having a feast?
Indeed, I thank Benedick.
He's asked me to have a calf's head and a capon , and says that if I don't carve them carefully he'll mock my skill with a knife.
Should I bring a woodcock too?
Sir, your wit is slow and rambling
I'll tell you how Beatrice praised your wit the other day.
I said that you had a fine wit.
"True," she said, "a fine little one.  "
"No," I said, "a large wit.  "
"Right," she said, "a large, coarse one.  "
"No, I said, "a good wit.  "
"Exactly," she said, "it doesn't hurt anybody.  "
"No," I said, "the gentleman is wise.  "
"Certainly," she said, "he's a wise gentleman .  "
"No," I said, "he knows foreign languages.  "
"I believe that," she said, "for he swore one thing to me on Monday night, and then took it back on Tuesday morning.
There's two different languages for you.  "
And so she turned your virtues inside out for a whole hour.
Then she cried because of it, and said she didn't care.
Yes, she did.
And yet, for all that, if she didn't hate him completely, she'd love him totally.
Leonato's daughter told us everything.
Everything.
So when should we put the savage bull's horns on the head of the once sensible Benedick?
Yes, and make the sign underneath him that says: "Here is Benedick, the married man?"
See you later, boy.
You know what I plan.
I'll leave you now to your silly gossip.
Your jokes are like the swords of cowardly braggarts thank God, they don't hurt at all.
My lord, I thank you for your many kindnesses to me.
I can no longer remain with you.
Your brother Don John the Bastard has fled from Messina.
The three of you have killed a pure and innocent girl.
As for Lord Beardless over there, he and I will duel.
He's serious.
And has he challenged you?
He has challenged me, completely seriously.
What a silly thing a man looks like when he's gotten dressed but left his brain behind!
But wait a minute, let me think.
I must consider this and get serious.
Didn't he say that my brother has run away?
Come here, sir.
If you don't feel the sting of justice, then Justice no longer has any power.
Since you are a damned hypocrite, we must deal with you.
What's going on?
Two of my brother's men in handcuffs?
And Borachio is one of them?
Listen to their crime, my lord.
Officers, what have these men done?
Who have you wronged, men, to be in custody and forced to answer?
This knowledgeable policeman is too smart to be understood.
What was your crime?
Sweet Prince, don't wait for the trial, but let me give my answer here.
Listen to me, and let this count kill me.
I have even your very eyes.
Doesn't this make ice run through your veins?
I feel as if I've drunk poison while he was talking.
But did my brother tell you to do all this?
Yes, and he paid me a lot to do it.
Sweet Hero, when I imagine you now, you seem as beautiful and exceptional as you were when I first loved you.
Come, take away the plaintiffs.
By now the sexton will have reformed Sir Leonato about all this.
And sirs, don't forget to specify, when the time is right, that I am an ass.
Here, here comes Master Sir Leonato, and the sexton too.
Which one is the villain?
Let me look into his eyes so that, when I see another man like him, I can avoid him.
Which of these men is he?
If you want to know who has wronged you, then look at me.
Are you the villain that has killed my innocent child with your words?
Yes, I alone.
No, not so, villain, you weren't the only one.
Here stand a pair of "honorable men" the third has fled who also had a hand in this crime.
I thank you, princes, for my daughter's death.
Record it in the list of your great and noble deeds.
It was bravely done.
I don't know how to ask you for patience, but I must speak.
Choose your revenge against me.
Do whatever you want with me to punish my sin.
But my only sin was in making a mistake.
Oh, noble sir!
Your kindness is making me cry.
I will expect you tomorrow then, and say goodbye for tonight.
Another thing, sir, which hasn't been written down this plaintiff here, the criminal, called me an ass.
Please remember this when you're handing out his punishment.
Also the watchmen heard these two talking about a criminal named Deformed .
I thank you for your hard work and honest efforts.
Your Worship speaks like a very thankful and respectful youth, and I thank God for you.
That's for your trouble.
God save the charity!
I leave a complete scoundrel with you, your Worship, whom I ask your Worship to correct yourself for the example of others.
God bless your Worship!
I wish your Worship well.
May God restore you to health!
I now humbly allow you to leave, and may we meet again in the future, if God prohibits it!
Come on, neighbor.
Farewell until tomorrow morning, my lords.
Farewell, my lords.
We'll expect you tomorrow.
We will be there without fail.
I'll mourn for Hero tonight.
Bring these criminals along.
We'll talk with Margaret, and find out how she became friends with this wicked fellow.
Please, sweet Mistress Margaret, do me a favor by calling Beatrice to speak with me.
Will you write me a sonnet praising my beauty in exchange?
I'll write you a sonnet in such a high style that no man will ever be able to come over it .
No man will come over me!
Your wit is as quick as a greyhound's mouth it catches whatever it wants.
And your wit is as blunt as a fencer's practice sword it hits, but doesn't hurt.
My wit is gentlemanly, Margaret, and it won't hurt a woman.
And so, please call Beatrice.
I give you the bucklers .
Give us the swords we women have bucklers of our own.
But, Margaret, if you're going to use your bucklers, you must screw the spikes in the center.
Well, I'll call Beatrice to come to you.
And so she will come.
Yes, sir, and I'll leave when you command.
Oh, stay until then!
Well, you've said "then.  "
So farewell.
But before I go, let me get what I came for the knowledge of what happened between you and Claudio.
Only foul, angry words passed between us, and with that I'll kiss you.
Foul words are foul air, and foul air is foul breath, and foul breath is nauseating.
Therefore I will leave unkissed.
Your wit is so forceful that it's frightened the words out of their proper meanings.
With all of them together: they are so wholly united that they create a perfectly bad person, and won't let any good qualities mix in with them.
But which of my good qualities first made you suffer love for me?
Suffer love!
That's a good expression.
I do suffer love indeed, for I love you against my will.
You love me in spite of your heart, I think.
You and I are too wise to woo each other peacefully.
You don't show your wisdom by declaring yourself wise, though.
It's said that a wise man won't praise himself.
Beatrice, that's an old, old proverb, from the good old days when neighbors would praise each other.
Nowadays, if a man doesn't erect a monument to himself before he dies, his memory won't last any longer than the church bell ringing and his widow's weeping.
And how long is that, do you think?
That's the question: why, an hour of ringing and fifteen minutes of crying.
She's very sick.
And how are you doing?
I'm very sick, too.
Serve God, love me, and feel better.
I'll leave you with that, for someone is hurrying this way.
Madam, you must go to your uncle's.
There's a great to do at home.
It's been proved that my Lady Hero was falsely accused, the Prince and Claudio were greatly deceived, and Don John who has fled and gone is responsible for everything.
Will you come right away?
Will you come with me to hear this news, sir?
I will live in your heart, die in your lap , and be buried in your eyes and what's more, I'll go with you to your uncle's.
Is this Leonato's family tomb?
It is, my lord.
Here lies Hero, A hero killed by slanderous tongues.
To repay her for her wrongs, Death gives her fame, which never dies.
So the life that died with shame Lives in death with glorious fame.
Good morning, sirs.
Put your torches out.
The wolves have finished their night's hunting, and look the gentle dawn precedes Phoebus ' chariot, and dapples the drowsy eastern sky with spots of light.
Thanks to you all.
Now leave us.
Good morning, sirs.
Let each of us go his separate ways.
Come, let's go and put on different clothes, and then we'll go to Leonato's.
And may Hymen give us better luck with this wedding than poor Hero had.
Didn't I tell you that she was innocent?
And so are the Prince and Claudio, who accused her because they themselves were deceived.
Well, I am glad that things have turned out so well.
And so am I, or else my own promise would have made me fight Claudio.
I'll do it with a straight, serious face.
Friar, I must ask you for a favor, I think.
To do what, sir?
To tie me up, or to undo me one or the other.
Sir Leonato, the truth is, good sir, that your niece Beatrice has been looking at me favorably.
She sees you with eyes my daughter lent her, that's true.
And I look back at her with eyes of love.
I think you got such sight from me, Claudio, and the Prince.
But what do you want?
Your words are puzzling to me, sir.
I am pleased with your desire, and I give you my blessing.
And I offer you my help.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio.
Good morning to this fair gathering.
Good morning, Prince.
Good morning, Claudio.
I would stick to my promise even if her complexion was dark .
Bring her out, brother.
The friar's ready.
Good morning, Benedick.
Bull Jove, sir, came mooing for love, and some strange bull like him mated with one of your father's cows, who then gave birth to a calf like you.
I'll get you back for that.
But here come other accounts I must settle first.
This one here, and I now give her to you.
Why then, she's mine.
Sweet one, let me see your face.
No, you won't see her face until you take her hand and swear to marry her in front of this friar.
Give me your hand before this holy friar.
I am your husband, if you want me to be.
Another Hero!
It's true.
The former Hero!
Hero that was dead!
She was only dead while her slander lived, my lord.
Wait a moment, Friar.
Which one is Beatrice?
I answer to that name.
What do you want?
Do you love me?
Why no, no more than is reasonable.
Why then, your uncle and the Prince and Claudio have been deceived.
They swore that you did.
Do you love me?
Truly, no, no more than is reasonable.
Why then, my cousin, Margaret, and Ursula have been greatly deceived, for they swore that you did.
They swore that you were almost sick with love for me.
They swore that you were almost dead with love for me.
Well then.
You don't love me?
No, truly just as a friend.
Come, niece, I am sure that you love this gentleman.
And I'll swear that he loves her, for here's a paper in his handwriting a clumsy sonnet that he composed himself, dedicated to Beatrice.
And here's another, stolen from my cousin's pocket written in her handwriting, and full of her affection for Benedick.
A miracle!
Our own handwriting gives evidence against our guilty hearts.
Come, I'll take you then, but I swear I'm only doing it out of pity.
Enough talking!
I'll stop your mouth with a kiss.
How are you now, Benedick, the Married Man?
I'll tell you what, Prince: a whole assembly of wisecrackers couldn't ruin my mood.
Do you think I care about mockery and name calling?
No.
If a man is always afraid of being ridiculed, he'll never dare to wear something nice.
Come, come, we're all friends here.
We'll have dancing after the wedding.
No, we'll have it first!
Play a song, musicians.
Prince, you look serious.
Get yourself a wife, get yourself a wife!
Your royal staff would be more impressive if it were tipped with horn .
My lord, your brother John has been captured, and armed men have brought him back to Messina.
Don't worry about him until tomorrow.
For your sake, I'll come up with a suitable punishment for him.
Now, play, musicians!
Psh!
Don't say that.
Iago, I am not pleased that you've known about this, especially since I've given you access to my wallet as if it were your own.
Christ , you're not listening to me!
I never even dreamed of such a thing.
You told me that you hated him.
If I don't hate him, you can hate me.
Three noblemen of the city tipped their hats to him, making a personal plea for him to make me his lieutenant.
God, I'd rather be his executioner than his flag bearer.
Well, there's nothing I can do.
That's the price of military service.
If I were your position I wouldn't follow him.
Oh, sir, calm yourself.
I'm following him only so I can turn on him later.
Maybe we can't all be leaders, but not all leaders can have loyal followers.
What luck Thick lips has, if he can pull off what he's trying to do.
Call up Desdemona's father.
Wake him up.
Here's Desdemona's father's house.
Hey, Brabantio!
Sir Brabantio, hey!
Brabantio, wake up!
Thieves!
Thieves!
What's the reason for your awful shouting?
What's the matter out there?
Sir , is all of your family safely inside?
Are your doors locked?
Why?
Good lord , you're being robbed!
You should be ashamed.
What are you saying?
Most noble sir, do you recognize my voice?
I do not.
Who are you?
My name is Roderigo.
Then you're not welcome here.
I've already told you not to come by my house.
I told you bluntly and honestly: my daughter is not for you.
And now you come here in some kind of madness brought on by feasting and too many drinks, just to make trouble and ruin my good sleep?
Sir, sir, sir
Make sure you understand: I have the will and the power to make you regret this.
Good sir, hold on.
What are you talking to me about with "robbing?"
This is the city of Venice.
Honorable Brabantio, I come to you in all honesty and good will
Christ, sir, you're the type of man who would refuse to serve God if the devil told you to!
We've come here to do you a favor, and you're ignoring us just because you think we're no good.
You're letting your daughter mate with a Barbary horse.
Your grandchildren will neigh to you.
What kind of foul mouthed jerk are you?
Sir, I am one that comes to tell you that your daughter and the Moor are doing the deed at this very moment.
You're a villain!
And you're a senator!
You will pay for this, Roderigo.
I know what kind of man you are.
Sir, I'll answer for anything I've done.
Hey, strike a match!
Light me a torch!
Goodbye.
The evil thing you warned me of is all too true.
She is gone.
And all that's left of my life, which I now hate, is bitterness.
Now, Roderigo, where did you see her?
Oh, unhappy girl!
Did you say she was with the Moor?
Truly, I think they have.
Oh, heaven, how did she get out of the house?
Oh, she has committed treason against her own blood!
All you fathers, from now on do not trust your daughters' minds based on how you see them act.
Aren't there magic charms out there that can trick and violate young maidens?
Roderigo, have you read about such things?
Yes, sir.
Call up my brother oh, if only you had married her!
Some of you go one way, some go another way.
Do you know where we might find her and the Moor?
I think I can find him, if you want to get some strong, armed men together and come along with me.
Please, lead the way.
I'll call on every house.
Even though I have killed men while serving in war, still my conscience forbids me from committing any premeditated murder.
I lack the evil disposition that would sometimes serve my purpose.
Nine or ten times I've thought about just stabbing him right under the ribs.
It's better that you haven't.
No, he said such insulting, rude things against your sense of honor that it took all the goodness in me to hold back from hurting him.
But I beg you to tell me, sir: are you safely married?
Because you can be sure that Senator Barbantio is well liked in the city, and has twice as much influence as the Duke.
He will divorce you two, or at least subject you to whatever restraint and punishment he has the power to inflict.
Let him do his worst.
My good deeds done in service to the city government will have more influence than his complaints.
That's the awakened father and his friends.
You'd better go inside.
Not me.
I must let them find me.
By Janus , I think not.
My lieutenant, and the servants of the Duke?
May this good night be a blessing to you, friends!
What's the news?
What do you think is the matter?
Something about Cyprus, I would guess.
It's an urgent matter.
It's a good thing I was found by you.
I'll just go say one thing inside, and then I'll go with you.
Flag bearer , what is Othello doing here?
In truth, tonight he's boarded a ship carrying lots of treasure.
And if his prize turns out to be legal, he'll be well  off forever.
I don't understand.
He got married.
To whom?
Indeed, to  Enter OTHELLO OTHELLO enters.
Yes, I'll go with you.
Here comes another group of people looking for you.
It's Brabantio.
General, be advised that he comes with bad intentions.
Hey!
Stop right there!
Sir, it is the Moor.
Get him, the thief!
You, Roderigo!
Come on, sir, I'll fight you.
Sheathe your shiny swords, or the dew will make them rust.
Good sir, your old age commands more respect than your weapons do.
Oh, you foul thief!
Where have you hidden my daughter?
Hold on, everyone both those supporting me, and the rest of you.
If this were the time to fight, I'd know it without anyone telling me.
So where do you want me to go to answer this accusation of yours?
To prison, until it's time for you to go bear witness at your trial.
What happens if I obey you?
How would the Duke like that, when he has just sent messengers here to bring me to him on urgent business of the city?
That's true, most noble sir.
The Duke is in a council meeting, and I am sure you have also been sent for.
What?
The Duke is having a council meeting?
At this hour of the night?
Bring him along with us.
My cause isn't a frivolous one.
The Duke himself, and my fellow senators, will sympathize with my situation as if it were their own.
For if we let people get away with things like this, our statesmen will be as good as slaves and pagans.
This news is so inconsistent that it doesn't have any credibility.
Indeed, it is inconsistent.
My letters say a hundred and seven ships.
And my letters say a hundred and forty.
And mine say two hundred.
Indeed, that's clear to see.
Hey!
It's a messenger from the ship.
What's going on now?
What do you think of this change?
This can't be true.
It makes no sense.
I agree completely.
Here comes more news.
Your Honor, the Ottomites have steered their fleet of ships toward the island of Rhodes, and added a second fleet to that one.
Just as I thought.
How many of them do you think are there?
Thirty ships.
And now they are retracing their course backwards, clearly sailing towards Cyprus.
Sir Montano, your trusty and bravest servant, has sent me to bring you this news, and he prays you will believe him.
Then it's certain that they are going for Cyprus.
Is Marcus Luccicos not in town?
He's in Florence now.
Write him a letter from us.
Right away, hurry now.
Here comes Brabantio and the brave Moor.
Brave Othello, we must send you immediately to go fight against the Ottoman forces, enemy to us all.
I didn't see you.
Welcome, noble sir.
And I missed your help, too.
Your Grace, pardon me.
Why?
My daughter!
Oh, my daughter!
Is she dead?
She's dead to me.
She has been abused, stolen from me, and corrupted by spells and potions bought from charlatans.
For Desdemona is neither lacking in common sense, nor blind to it.
Whoever he is that has tricked your daughter in this foul way and robbed you of her, you will get to punish him according whatever your own interpretation is of the law books, which have the power of the death penalty.
I humbly thank you, your Grace.
Here is the culprit: this Moor, who it seems your orders have brought here for state business.
We are very sorry to hear this.
What can you say about this on your own behalf?
My daughter is a young girl who has never been bold.
Speak up, Othello.
Did you subdue and poison this young girl by trickery and force?
Or did the marriage come about voluntarily, as two souls are accustomed to come together?
I beg you, send someone to get Desdemona from the Sagittary Inn, and let her talk about me in front of her father.
If she speaks badly of me, then you can take away my official position, lose all your trust in me, and even sentence me to death.
Bring Desdemona here.
Flag bearer, lead them to her.
You know the place where she is the best.
Go ahead and speak, Othello.
I think such a story would win over my daughter, too.
Please, hear her speak.
If she admits that she flirted back, then I will no longer place all the blame on Othello.
Come here, sweet girl.
Do you see to whom, out of everyone here, you should be most obedient?
My noble father, I feel that my loyalty is divided.
I owe you for my very life and my upbringing.
And because of this I respect you.
I have a duty to you, as I am your daughter.
But here is my husband.
God be with you.
I'm finished with my business.
If you please, your Grace, you can move on to the state affairs.
I'd rather adopt a child than father my own.
Come here, Moor.
I now give you with all my heart my daughter, whom I'd keep from you with all my heart if you didn't already have her.
For your sake, precious Desdemona, I am glad that I don't have another daughter.
Let me speak, as you have, and offer some proverbs that may help you to be happier with these two lovers.
If that's true, then let the Turks take Cyprus from us, and we'll be fine as long as we smile.
The Turks are heading for Cyprus with a strong fleet.
Honorable senators, I'm so used to the difficult, cruel war that it's as comfortable to me as a soft down bed.
I am naturally eager to take on difficult challenges, and I will undertake this mission against the Ottomites.
As I am obeying you, I humbly ask for appropriate arrangements for my wife.
She should have a place to live that is worthy of her nobility, as well as suitable company.
She can have all this at her father's house.
I won't allow it.
Neither will I.
And I wouldn't want to stay at my father's house, either, as my presence would irritate him.
What is your idea, Desdemona?
The quickness and boldness with which I have taken control of my future clearly show that I married the Moor so that I could live with him.
My heart is completely under his control.
I saw Othello's true nature in his mind, and dedicated my soul and all my fortune to his honor and bravery.
Give your support to her idea.
As to whether she will stay or go, it shall be as you decide privately.
But this business is urgent, and we must act quickly.
You must depart tonight.
With all my heart, I will.
The rest of us will meet here again at nine in the morning.
Othello, leave an officer behind here, and later he can bring you our instructions, and anything else you feel you need.
Let it be so.
Good night to everyone.
And, noble sir, if virtue is a beautiful thing, then your son in law is much more fair than he is black.
Farewell, brave Moor.
Be good to Desdemona.
Look out, Moor, and keep an eye on her.
She has deceived her father, and may deceive you.
I would bet my life on her honesty!
Honest Iago, I must leave Desdemona with you.
Please, have your wife look after her, and bring them along after me when you get the chance.
Iago.
What is it, noble man?
What do you think I should do?
Well, go to bed and sleep.
I will drown myself right now.
If you do that, I'll never love you again.
Why would you do such a thing, you silly gentleman?
Oh, please!
I've been around for twenty eight years, and ever since I've known the difference between a good thing and a bad thing, I've never yet found a man who knew what was good for him.
I'd trade in my humanity to become a baboon before I'd ever say that I'd drown myself for the love of some hen.
What should I do?
I admit it's embarrassing to be so in love, but I can't help it.
You can't help it?
A lie!
It's all up to you.
Our bodies are like gardens, and our willpower is the gardener.
That can't be true.
It's just lust, and your will is letting it control you.
Come on, be a man.
Drown yourself?
Drown cats and blind puppies instead!
I have told you that I am your friend, and our bond is strong.
I am being a good friend to you right now.
Sell some things to put money in your wallet.
Will you be loyal to me, if I need your help?
You can rely on me.
Go, get some money.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again and again: I hate the Moor.
My objective is set in my heart.
And you are equally determined in yours.
Let's work together to get our revenge on him.
Where will we meet in the morning?
At my house.
I'll meet you there early.
Go on, now.
Bye.
What?
No more of this drowning nonsense, you hear?
I've changed my mind about that.
Then go, goodbye.
Get enough money together in your wallet.
I'll sell all my land.
Thus I make this fool into my bank account.
I'd be wasting my cleverness if I spent time with such an idiot without getting some amusement and money out of it.
I hate the Moor, and there's a rumor going around that he's slept with my wife.
What can you see out on the sea?
Nothing at all.
The Turkish fleet will be dispersed.
Unless the Turkish fleet is sheltered from this storm, they must be drowned.
It's impossible for them to survive the storm at sea.
I've got news, lads.
What?
Is this true?
The ship that saw all this is now docking here.
It came from Verona, bringing Michael Cassio, the lieutenant of the warlike Moor Othello.
The Moor himself is still at sea, having been ordered to come here to Cyprus.
I'm glad.
He's a good governor.
But this Cassio I mentioned he brings good news about the Turks' losing their ships, but he looks sad and hopes that the Moor is safe at sea.
Their two ships were separated by the foul, violent storm.
Come on, let's do that.
Every minute we expect more ships to come in.
Thank you, you brave men of this warlike island, who think highly of the Moor.
Does he have a good ship?
A sail, a sail, a sail!
What's this noise?
The town is empty.
Everyone is standing on the shoreline, and they're crying out, "A sail!  "
I hope the ship they see is the one carrying Othello.
They've fired their shot of courtesy .
We at least know it's a friendly ship.
Please sir, go out and then let us know who has arrived.
I will.
Good lieutenant, is your general married?
Yes, and it's a good marriage.
It's someone named Iago, the general's flag bearer.
He's been fortunate to have such a speedy trip.
It's as if the storms themselves  the high seas, the howling winds, the jagged rocks, and the heaped up sands  normally bent on wrecking ships, have recognized the beauty of the divine Desdemona and went easy on her ship, letting her travel safely.
Who is she?
Thank you, brave Cassio.
What news do you have of my husband?
He hasn't arrived yet.
And I don't know anything, but I'm sure he's all right and will be here soon
Oh, but I'm worried.
How did you get separated from him?
The great storm parted our ships.
A sail, a sail!
But look!
A sail.
They've fired a shot as a greeting.
This ship is also friendly.
Go see what's going on.
Sir, if she gave you as much of her lips as she gives me of her talkative tongue, you'd have had enough.
No, she doesn't talk that much!
Really, she talks too much.
She even talks when I'm trying to sleep.
I admit that maybe she talks less in front of you, and thinks before she speaks.
You have little reason to say that.
Come on, come on.
You women are the picture of perfection out in public, but annoying as ringing bells in your parlors and like wild cats in your kitchens.
Oh, curses upon you, you slandering women!
You're not going to say anything good about me, are you?
No, I won't.
What would you say about me, if you had to praise me?
Come on, give it a try.
Has someone gone to the harbor?
Yes, madam.
I'm not in a good mood, but I'm putting on an act and pretending to be jovial.
Tell me, Iago, how would you praise me?
Clever praise!
And what if she's unattractive and smart?
If she is unattractive, but has some wits, she'll find a man suitable for her appearance.
That one's worse.
What if she's pretty and foolish?
These are old sayings to make fools laugh in the bars.
What saying do you have for a woman that's both ugly and foolish?
The ugly, foolish women play the same tricks the pretty, wise ones do.
Oh, you're ignorant!
You give the best praise to the worst women.
But what would you say about a truly virtuous woman, one that even malicious people would have to admit was a good person?
The sort of woman to do what?
To raise foolish children and tally household expenditures.
Oh, what a lame, bad punchline!
Emilia, don't listen to him, even though he's your husband.
What do you think, Cassio?
Doesn't he give profane, poor advice?
He speaks bluntly, madam.
He's a better soldier than a scholar.
He takes her hand.
Ah, yes, whisper together.
This is all I need to trap Cassio like a fly in my web.
Indeed it is.
Let's go meet and welcome him.
Look, he's coming!
Oh, my beautiful warrior!
My dear Othello!
I'm surprised, but happy to see that you made it here before me.
Oh, my soul is overjoyed!
If this is my reward for every sea storm, then let the winds rage and blow all they can, and let my ships have to climb up mountainous waves and drop down from their crests as if falling from heaven to hell!
May heaven give us even more love and comfort as we get older.
Amen to that, oh heavenly powers!
I can't speak enough about how happy I am.
It's too much joy.
And let this, and this, be the only quarrels we have.
You are happy now, but I'll ruin your happiness, no matter how honest you may think I am.
Come on, let's go to the castle.
I have good news, friends!
The war is over, and the Turks are all drowned.
How is my old friend on this island doing?
Meet me in a minute at the harbor.
Come here.
If you are brave for after all, they say that lousy men acquire more nobility than they naturally have when they are in love listen to me.
Tonight, the lieutenant Cassio will be on guard.
First of all, I have to tell you this: Desdemona is in love with him.
With him?
But that's not possible.
Quiet for a second, and listen up.
Remember how quickly she fell in love with the Moor, all over some bragging and made up fantastical stories.
Do you think she still loves him now for talking?
Don't think this for a second.
She wants something nice to look at, and she won't get that with the devil Othello.
When she gets bored with having sex, she'll need to find something to inflame her passion again   someone good looking, closer to her age, and more like her in behavior and appearance.
She'll find none of this in the Moor.
Without any of these desirable things, she'll get so sick of the Moor she'll want to throw up.
Her very nature will compel her to find a second man.
I can't believe this about Desdemona.
She's such a good, blessed woman.
Blessed?
As if.
She drinks the same wine we do.
Yes, I did notice that.
It was flirtation, the sort of thing that leads to foul thoughts and lust.
Their faces were so close to each other that they almost breathed the same breath.
It's horrible to think about, Roderigo!
When this kind of behavior happens, the main event isn't far away  the physical consummation.
Psh!
But, sir, let me tell you what to do.
I've brought you here from Venice.
Wait for my command tonight.
Cassio doesn't know who you are.
I won't be far away from you.
Find some excuse to make Cassio angry, either by speaking too loudly, or mocking his discipline, or whatever way you want that seems like a good idea at the time.
Okay.
Sir, Cassio has a bad temper, and maybe he'll try to hit you.
Provoke him so that he will.
I will do this, if you give me the chance.
I promise I will.
Meet me later at the castle.
I have to bring Othello's things in from the boat.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
I really do believe that Cassio loves Desdemona.
And I think it's probable that she loves him.
Although I hate the Moor, he really is steadfast, loving, and noble, and I think he'll be a good husband to Desdemona.
Good Michael, take care of the guard duties tonight.
Let's show some self restraint and not celebrate to the point of excess.
Iago is most honest.
Good night, Michael.
Come speak with me tomorrow as soon as you're up.
Welcome, Iago.
We must go be on the lookout.
She's a most beautiful lady.
And I'll bet she has a trick or two up her sleeve.
Indeed, she's a young, delicate creature.
What nice eyes she has!
They could provoke a war.
She has an inviting eye, and yet I think she's very modest.
And when she speaks, isn't it like a call to arms for lovers?
She really is perfect.
Well, may she and Othello be happy in bed!
Come now, lieutenant  I have a jug of wine and there are a couple of gentlemen from Cyprus here who'd gladly want to drink a toast to the health of black Othello.
Not tonight, good Iago.
I'm not a very good drinker.
I wish it was customary to celebrate in some other way.
Oh, but they're our friends.
Just one drink.
I'll even drink it for you.
What?
It's a night of celebration, man!
Where are they?
Here at the door.
Please, call them in.
I will, but I don't like where this is going.
If I can get him to have just one drink, together with what he's already had to drink, he'll be as belligerent and testy as a badly trained as a young girl's pet dog.
Now my fool Roderigo  whom love has practically turned inside out, has drunk whole pots full of wine in toasts to Desdemona  and he's on guard duty.
By heaven, they have already given me a drink.
Just a little one, really, no more than a pint I promise, on my soldier's honor.
Hey, more wine!
By heaven, that's an excellent song.
I learned it in England, where they really are strong drinkers.
The Danes, the Germans, and the pot bellied Dutch drink, everybody!
can't compare to the English in drinking.
Are the English really so good at drinking?
Why, an Englishman could easily drink a Dane under the table, and wouldn't sweat out drinking a German.
A toast, to the health of our general!
I'll toast to that, lieutenant!
Oh, sweet England!
Why, that song is even better than the last.
Do you want to hear it again?
No, I find men who do things like that to be acting below their social rank.
Anyways, heaven is the final judge of us all, and some souls must go to heaven while others go to hell.
That's true, good lieutenant.
As far as I'm concerned, I hope to go to heaven no offense to the general or any noble man.
I hope to go to heaven, too, lieutenant.
Yes, but, if you don't mind, not before me.
A lieutenant's must get into heaven before the flag bearer.
But enough of this, let's get down to business.
Forgive us our sins, God!
Gentlemen, let's get to work.
Don't think I'm drunk now, gentlemen.
Very good!
Very well, then.
You must not think that I am drunk.
To the platform, gentlemen.
Come on, let's take up our posts for tonight's guard.
But is he often this drunk?
He's always drunk before going to bed.
He can't sleep unless he's had something to drink.
The general should know about this.
Perhaps he doesn't see this, or he only sees the virtues in Cassio and is blind to his faults.
What do you think?
What's going on, Roderigo?
Please, follow the lieutenant, go!
And it's such a pity that the noble Moor has made someone with such a weakness for alcohol his second in command.
I really ought to tell Othello about this.
But listen!
What is that noise?
Christ!
You scoundrel!
You rascal!
What's the matter, lieutenant?
A rogue is going to tell me what to do?
I'll beat the scoundrel to a pulp.
Beat me?
Did you say something, you rogue?
No, good lieutenant!
Please, sir, stop hitting him!

Let me go, sir, or I'll strike you on your head.
Stop that.
Drunk?
Go away, I tell you.
What's the matter here?
Stop, for God's sake!
Stop, lieutenant!
Sir Montano Gentlemen, are you out of your minds?
Have you forgotten your sense of duty?
Stop!
The general is talking to you.
What is going on?
What is the reason for this fight?
Have we become Turks?
Are we attacking ourselves since fate stopped the Turks from attacking us?
You are Christians; stop this barbarous brawl.
The next one of you to raise a fist must not value his life very much, for I'll kill whoever moves.
I don't know who started it.
We were all friends just a moment ago, as close as a bride and groom going to bed.
How have you become so out of your mind, Michael?
Please, forgive me.
Noble Montano, you are usually civil.
Noble Othello, I am seriously injured.
So that I save my energy by not speaking, your officer Iago can tell you all that I know.
I don't know of anything I said or did wrong, unless taking care of yourself is a vice, and defending ourselves when someone attacks us is a sin.
Now, by heaven, my anger starts to overwhelm my reason, and passion is working to take over my good judgment.
If you don't tell the truth because you're partial to Cassio, then you don't deserve the title of soldier.
Don't accuse me of such a thing.
I would rather have my tongue cut out of my mouth than speak ill of Michael Cassio.
But I think that speaking the truth cannot wrong him.
This is the truth, general: Montano and I were talking, and all of a sudden a man came crying out for help, and Cassio was chasing after him with his sword drawn.
Sir, this gentleman stepped in to stop Cassio, while I chased after the shouting man, because I was worried his clamor would awaken and scare the townspeople.
Iago, I realize that your affection for Cassio makes you downplay what he has done.
Cassio, I love you, but you are no longer one of my officers.
What's the matter, dear?
Everything is fine, my sweet.
Go back to bed.
Sir, I myself will tend to your wounds.
Are you hurt, lieutenant?
Yes, beyond anything a doctor can help with.
Oh God, no !
I mean my reputation.
Reputation, reputation!
I'm an honest man who takes things literally, so I thought you had been seriously wounded.
That would be worse than losing your reputation.
I'd rather ask him to hate me than ask him to have a commander who is as feeble, drunk, and indiscreet as I am.
Who was it that you were chasing after with your sword?
What did he do to you?
I don't know.
Really?
I remember everything in a big haze.
I can't recall the particulars.
I remember the fight, but not the reason for it.
Oh, why do men drink their enemy, which robs them of their senses!
But you seem fine now.
How did you sober up so fast?
The devil of drunkenness decided to give up his place to the devil of anger.
One vice leads to another, and now I hate myself.
Oh stop, you're being too hard on yourself.
If I ask him for my place as lieutenant back, he'll say that I am a drunkard.
If I had as many mouths as the Hydra to ask him with, he'd say no to each one.
How strange it is that I should be a sensible man, but occasionally foolish, and then just now a beast!
Come on, good wine isn't bad if you don't drink too much of it.
Stop swearing against wine.
Now, good lieutenant, am I right in thinking that you know I care about you?
I know you are my friend.
I can't believe I got drunk!
You or any man may get drunk now and then.
I'll tell you what to do.
Our general's wife is now the one who's actually in charge.
What I mean by this is that he is totally devoted to her and obsessed with contemplating and describing her qualities and graces.
Apologize to her, and beg her to help you regain your place as lieutenant.
That's good advice.
I give it out of sincere kindness and affection for you.
I think you're right, and in the morning I will ask the virtuous Desdemona to plead on my behalf.
But I worry for my fortunes if they hold me back.
You're on the right track.
Good night, lieutenant.
Good night, honest Iago.
I come here exhausted, like a dog bringing up the rear of the pack during a hunt.
I've spent almost all my money, have been thoroughly beaten up tonight, and all I have for all this is some painful life experience.
So, I'm going to return to Venice a little wiser and a lot poorer.
How poor are those who don't have any patience!
Every wound must heal gradually.
You know that our plan is based on cleverness and not magic, and cleverness needs time to work.
Aren't things actually going well?
Cassio has beaten you up, yes.
But because of this he's been fired from his position as lieutenant.
The fruits that blossom first are the first to ripen, and before long, we'll reap the fruits of our labors.
Be patient a while longer.
It's already morning, in fact.
Excitement and action make time fly.
Go back to your room and get some sleep.
Go, I tell you.
I'll fill you in more later.
Gentlemen, play some music here.
I'll pay you for your trouble.
What do you mean, sir?
Tell me, are these wind instruments?
Yes, indeed they are, sir.
Well, that's an problem.
What's the problem, sir?
Well then, sir, we will stop.
If you have any songs that are silent, feel free to keep playing those.
But, you know, the general doesn't care much for music.
We don't have any silent songs, sir.
Then pack up your instruments and go.
Vanish into the air.
Do you hear, my honest friend?
No, I don't hear your honest friend .
Please, that's enough of your jokes.
Here's a little gold for you.
She is awake, sir.
If she happens to come this way, I'll tell her.
Just in time, Iago.
You haven't gone to bed, then?
No.
It was already daytime when we left each other.
Iago, I've been bold enough to ask to speak to your wife.
I will ask her to allow me to see the virtuous Desdemona.
I humbly thank you for this.
Good morning, good Lieutenant.
I am sorry for what has happened to you, but I'm sure everything will turn out okay.
The general and his wife are talking about the situation, and Desdemona is speaking up for you.
Othello says that the man you hurt is well known and well liked in Cyprus, and that he has no choice but to refuse your appeal.
But Othello insists that he still loves you, and doesn't need any persuading to put you back in your position when he gets the opportunity.
Nonetheless, I beg you  if you think it's possible and a good idea  to let me talk with Desdemona alone for a little bit.
Please, come inside.
I will give you a chance to talk to her freely.
I owe you for this.
Very well, my good lord.
Well then, gentlemen, shall we go see the walls of this fort?
After you, my lord.
Rest assured, good Cassio, I will do all I can for you.
Please do, good madam.
The situation has my husband troubled as if the problem were his own.
Oh, your husband's an honest fellow.
Cassio, do not doubt that I will soon have you and my husband as close as you were before.
Generous madam, whatever happens to me, I'll always be your loyal servant.
Thank you.
I know you mean that.
Don't worry about that.
Madam, here comes my husband.
Madam, I'll leave now.
Why don't you stay here and hear me speak?
Madam, not now.
I don't have a good feeling about this, and don't think it's the right time.
Well, it's up to you.
Huh.
I don't like the looks of that.
What are you talking about?
Nothing, my lord, unless I don't know.
Wasn't that Cassio who was just talking to my wife?
Cassio, my lord?
I think it was him.
How are you, my husband?
I have been talking here with a man who, sadly, you are displeased with.
Who do you mean?
Your lieutenant, Cassio.
My good husband, if I have any grace or power to persuade you, please accept his apology.
I swear he truly loves you and made a mistake on accident, not on purpose, or else I can't judge an honest face.
Please, call him back here.
Was that him who just left?
Not now, sweet Desdemona.
Some other time.
All the sooner because you asked, sweetheart.
So, will that be tonight at dinner?
No, not tonight.
Tomorrow at dinner, then?
I'm not eating dinner at home tomorrow.
Then do it tomorrow night, or Tuesday morning.
Or Tuesday at noon, or Tuesday night, or even Wednesday morning.
You name the time, but please sometime within the next three days.
Please, don't talk anymore about this.
Let Cassio come when he wants.
I will never say no to you!
All I ask of you right now is that you leave me alone for a bit.
And will I say no to you?
No, I won't.
Goodbye, my husband.
Goodbye, my Desdemona.
I'll come see you soon.
Emilia, come with me.
Act however you want, Othello.
Whatever you do, I'll be obedient to you.
Oh, that crazy girl.
But I'll be damned if don't love her!
The world will end before I stop loving her.
My noble lord
What is it, Iago?
Did Michael Cassio know about your love for Desdemona when you were courting her?
He did, from the very beginning.
Why do you ask?
Why were you curious, Iago?
I didn't think he had met her.
Oh, yes he knew her, and often carried messages between Desdemona and me.
Really?
What do you mean, "really?"
Yes, really.
You think something's strange about that?
Isn't Cassio honest?
Honest, my lord?
Honest, yes, honest.
My lord, for all I know.
What do you think?
Think, my lord?
My lord, you know I care about you.
I think you do.
And it's precisely because I know you are full of love and honesty and think carefully before you speak that I'm even more worried about the way you're hesitating.
In some disloyal liar, it wouldn't mean anything, but in an honest man like you, these kinds of reactions are indications of thoughts that come from the heart which cannot be clouded by emotion.
As far as Michael Cassio goes, I think I can swear that he is honest.
I think so too.
Certainly, men should be what they seem to be.
Well then, I think Cassio is an honest man.
No, there's something more going on.
Please, tell me what you're thinking to yourself, and speak even the worst thoughts you are thinking.
Iago, if you think that a friend of yours is in trouble but you don't say anything, then you are wronging your friend.
What do you mean?
A good reputation is the most precious jewel of a man's or a woman's soul, my dear lord.
If someone steals money from me, it's not a big deal.
It was mine, now it's his, and it's been held by thousands of others.
But if someone steals my good reputation from me, then he really does make me truly poor, and steals something that doesn't even make him any richer.
I want to know your thoughts.
You cannot know, not even if you were squeezing my heart in your hand to make me tell you.
Ha!
Oh, my lord, beware of jealousy!
It is a green eyed monster that mocks whoever it eats away at.
A man who knows for sure that his wife is cheating on him lives in bliss, since he knows not to love his wife.
Oh, what misery!
Why would say that?
Do you think I would make jealousy my whole life, and with every change in the moon find new suspicions?
No!
To doubt once is to make up your mind.
I'm glad to hear this, because now I can show my love for you and fulfill my duty in a more frank manner.
So, hear what I must tell you.
I don't have any proof yet.
But keep an eye on your wife, and watch her carefully with Cassio.
Look at her like this: don't be too jealous or too trusting.
I wouldn't want you to get taken advantage of because of your noble, kind nature.
Look out.
I know the people of my country well.
Women of Venice let God see the sorts of exploits they wouldn't dare let their husbands see.
Do you think so?
Desdemona deceived her father in marrying you, and she pretended to shake in fear at your looks when she actually loved them.
Yes, she did.
Well, there you have it, then.
Even though she was a young woman, she was so good at lying that she made her father as blind as a tree to her plans.
He even thought you'd used witchcraft on her.
But I'm partially to blame for saying this.
I am forever in your debt.
I can see this has upset you a little.
Not at all, not at all.
Trust me, I worry it has.
Please consider that what I am saying comes from my love for you.
But I see you really are affected by what I've said.
I won't.
If you do, my speech would have the very vile effects that I didn't want it to.
Cassio is my deserving friend my Lord, I see you're troubled.
No, I'm not troubled.
I think Desdemona is nothing but honest.
May she be be honest for a long time.
And that you will think she's honest for a long time.
And yet, one can act against one's nature
Yes, that's the point.
Goodbye, goodbye.
If you notice anything more, let me know.
Have your wife look out, too.
Leave me, Iago.
My lord, I will leave now.
Why did I marry?
My lord, I ask you not to worry about this anymore.
Give it some time.
It is right for Cassio to get his place as lieutenant back for sure, he's very good at the job but if you wait for a while you will get a better idea of what he's up to.
Take note if your wife strongly insists that you reinstate him.
That would mean a lot.
In the meantime, just think that I'm being overly suspicious in my fears and I have good reason to think I may be and I beg you to consider Desdemona innocent.
Don't worry about how I'll handle myself.
Once again, goodbye.
This man is very honest and knows human interactions very well.
If I find proof that Desdemona is unfaithful, I'll let her go like I'm getting rid of a pet, even if the leash is my own heartstrings.
How are you, my dear Othello?
The islanders you invited to dinner are waiting for you.
My mistake.
Why do you speak so faintly?
Are you okay?
I have a headache, here by my forehead .
Well, that's from staying up too late.
Your handkerchief is too small.
I am very sorry that you aren't feeling well.
What's going on?
What are you doing here alone?
Don't scold me.
I have something for you.
You have a thing for me?
It is a common thing .   .   .
What?
.
Oh, is that it?
What will you give me now for the handkerchief itself?
What handkerchief?
What handkerchief?
The one the Moor first gave to Desdemona, the one you so often asked me to steal.
You've stolen it from her?
That's a good girl, give it to me.
Why do you care?
If you don't have an important purpose for it, then give it back to me.
Poor Desdemona, she'll be so upset when she realizes it's missing.
Don't tell her what happened to it.
I have a use for it.
Ha!
Ha!
Desdemona, unfaithful to me?
Why, what is going on, General?
Don't talk like that.
Away!
Get away from me!
You have tortured me.
I swear it's better to be horribly betrayed and not realize it than to know a bit about it.
What is going on, my lord?
Was I completely senseless during the hours she was cheating on me?
I didn't see anything, and I didn't suspect anything.
So, it didn't do me any harm.
I slept well after, ate well, and was happy and carefree.
I am sorry to hear this.
I would have been happy if the whole camp of soldiers, trench diggers and all, had tasted her sweet body, if only I didn't know about it.
Oh, now I can say farewell to a peaceful mind!
Farewell to being content!
Farewell to the soldiers in uniform and the big wars that allow me to fulfill my ambitions!
Oh, farewell!
Farewell the neighing horses and the shrill war trumpets, the war drums that stir the spirit, the ear piercing flute, the royal banners, pride, the pomp and circumstance, and everything else that's good about war!
And you deadly cannons, whose rude blasts are as loud as Jove's thunderbolts, farewell!
Othello's military career is finished.
Can this be possible, my lord?
Villain, you'd better be sure that my wife turns out to be a whore.
Has it come to this?
My noble lord
Oh, grace!
Oh, heaven forgive me!
Are you human?
Do you have any sense, or a soul?
Goodbye, I resign as flag bearer.
Oh what a fool I am for being honest to a fault!
Oh this monstrous world!
Take note, take note, everyone: it is not safe to be direct and honest.
No, stay.
You should be honest.
I should be wise, because being honest is foolish and causes someone to lose all that he works for.
By the world, part of me thinks my wife is honest, and another part of me thinks she isn't.
Part of me thinks you're trustworthy, and another part of me thinks you're not.
I need some proof.
Her reputation, which was as pure and fair as Diana's , is now besmirched and black as my face.
If I can find any ropes, knives, poison, fire, or streams you can drown in, I won't endure this dishonor.
If only I could be satisfied in this!
I see, sir, that passion is eating away at you.
I regret that I told you about this.
You say that you wish you could be satisfied?
Yes, and I will be.
But how?
How will you be satisfied, my lord?
Would you, like a voyeur, inappropriately watch and look on as she is having sex?
Death and damnation!
Oh!
Give me some proof that Desdemona is disloyal.
I don't like this task.
But since I'm already so deeply involved in this, thanks to foolish honesty and concern for you, I will go on.
I was recently spending the night in Cassio's bedroom and couldn't sleep because of a raging toothache.
Now, some men have such a loose soul that they mutter things in their sleep.
Cassio is one of them.
I heard him say in his sleep, "Sweet Desdemona, let's be careful and hide our love.  "
And then, sir, he clutched and grabbed my hand, crying "Oh sweet woman!  "
Oh, this is terrible!
Terrible!
But this was only his dream.
But his actions suggests something he had already done.
It's very suspicious, even though it's only a dream.
And this may support and strengthen other, shakier evidence.
I'll tear Desdemona to pieces!
I gave her such a handkerchief.
I didn't know that, but I saw Cassio use such a handkerchief I'm sure it was your wife's to wipe his beard earlier today.
If it really was that handkerchief
If it's the same one, or any handkerchief of Desdemona's, it is another piece of evidence weighing against her.
Calm down, now.
Oh, blood, blood, blood!
Be patient, I'm telling you.
You might change your mind.
I'll never change my mind, Iago.
Don't get up yet.
May the stars in the sky, and the sky itself be my witnesses: Iago hereby dedicates all of his wit, strength, and heart to helping Othello, who has been wronged.
Whatever he commands, I will obey, whatever bloody task he gives me.
Rather than just giving you empty thanks for your vow, I will take up your generous offer and give you an order right now.
Within three days, let me hear you say that Cassio is dead.
Your wish is my command.
My friend Cassio will die.
Damn her, that lusty flirt!
Oh damn her, damn her!
Come on, come leave with me.
I will go to figure out some quick way to kill the beautiful devil.
Now you are my lieutenant.
I am loyal to you forever.
Do you know where Lieutenant Cassio lies?
I daresay he doesn't lie anywhere.
Why?
He's a soldier, and to accuse a soldier of lying is as bad as stabbing him.
Oh, come on.
I mean where does he sleep?
To tell you where he sleeps would be to tell you where I lie.
That doesn't make any sense.
Can you ask around and find out?
I will interrogate all the world about him, and make everyone answer my questions.
Find him and tell him to come to me.
Tell him I have persuaded my husband on his behalf, and I hope that everything will be resolved.
Where could I have lost that handkerchief, Emilia?
I don't know, madam.
Believe me, I would rather have lost my purse full of coins.
Losing my handkerchief would be enough to make my husband jealous, if he were less loyal and more of a jealous man.
Is he not a jealous man?
Who, Othello?
I think he got so much sunlight where he was born that it burned the jealousy out of him.
Look, he's coming here.
I won't stop bothering him now until he reinstates Cassio.
How are you doing, my husband?
I'm doing well, my good lady.
Oh, it's so hard to pretend I'm fine!
How are you, Desdemona?
Well, my good husband.
Give me your hand.
It's moist, my lady.
Yes, because I am young and haven't experienced any sorrow.
You could say that, for it was that hand that gave you my heart.
A giving hand.
It used to be that people's hearts controlled whether they gave someone their hand in marriage.
I can't speak to that.
Now come on, remember your promise.
What promise, dear?
I have sent someone to tell Cassio to come speak to you.
I have a cold and a runny nose.
Lend me your handkerchief.
Here, my lord.
No, give me the one I gave to you.
I don't have it with me.
You don't?
No, my lord.
That's not good.
My mother was given that handkerchief by an Egyptian woman who could read people's minds.
She told my mother that as long as she had the handkerchief, she would be desirable and my father would be helplessly in love with her, but if she lost it or gave it away, my father would hate her and he would go after other women.
Before my mother died, she gave the handkerchief to me and told me to give it to my wife whenever I married.
I did this, and so keep it close like a precious treasure.
To lose that handkerchief or give it away would be a sin greater than any other.
Is this true?
It is true.
There's magic in the sewing.
A prophetess who lived to the age of two hundred sewed the handkerchief while she was in a trance.
The worms that made the silk were magical, and it was tinted in dye extracted from embalmed virgins' hearts.
Really?
Is this true?
Absolutely, so look after that handkerchief carefully.
God, I wish I'd never seen it!
Aha!
Why do you wish that?
Why are you talking in fits in starts  and so impulsively, too?
Is the handkerchief lost?
Is it gone?
Tell me, have you lost it?
God help me.
What do you say?
It isn't lost, but what if it were?
What?
I'm telling you, it's not lost.
Go get it, then.
Well, sir, I could do that, but I won't right now.
You're trying to trick me so I forget about persuading you regarding Cassio.
Please, let Cassio be your lieutenant again.
Bring me the handkerchief.
The handkerchief!
Cassio has always had good fortune because of your love for him.
The handkerchief!
To tell the truth, it's all your fault.
Christ!
Doesn't that look like a jealous man?
I've never seen him like this.
It takes just a year or two for a man's true colors to become apparent.
They're nothing but hungry stomachs, and we women are the food.
There's no other way.
She must be the one to do it.
And what luck, here she is!
How are you, Cassio?
Madam, only my case from before.
I beg you to use your virtuous powers to help me return to the good graces of Othello, whom I honor with all of my heart.
I want this to happen quickly.
If my offense was so bad that neither my past service nor my present regret, nor the future good deeds I promise can buy back his love, then I at least would like to know this now.
If that is the case then I will pretend to be content, and settle on a new career to try my fortunes there.
Alas, dearest Cassio, my pleading on your behalf isn't working right now.
Is Othello angry?
He was just here, and he is certainly strangely bothered.
Can he be angry?
I have seen him remain calm when a cannon has blown his soldiers into the air and, like the devil, blown his own brother out of his arms.
And now he's angry?
It must be about a serious matter.
Please do go see him.
God forbid!
I've given him no reason to be jealous.
But jealous souls need no evidence.
They aren't jealous because of a reason, but merely because they are jealous people.
Jealousy is a monster that gives birth to itself.
May heaven keep that monster away from Othello's mind!
Amen, my lady.
I will go find him.
Cassio, stay around here.
If I find him in a good mood, I'll plead your case and try my hardest to get you your job back.
My lady, I humbly thank you.
Hello, my friend Cassio!
What are you doing away from home?
How are you, my most beautiful Bianca?
I was actually just on my way to your house, my sweet love.
And I was on my way to yours, Cassio.
Why have you been away for a week?
Seven days and nights?
One hundred and sixty eight hours?
And hours that lovers spend apart pass eight times more slowly than normal.
How tiresome to count the hours going by!
Oh, Cassio, where did you get this from?
This is some gift from another woman!
Now I see why you haven't come to see me.
Has it come to this?
Well, well, well.
Whose is it, then?
Leave you!
Why?
I am waiting on the general here, and I don't think it would be very good for him to see me with a woman.
Why?
It's not that I don't love you.
But that you don't love me.
Please come with me just a little ways, and tell me if I will see you soon at night.
I can't go with you very far, for I must wait here.
But I will see you soon.
That's good enough.
Do you think so?
Think what, Iago?
What, that they kissed in private?
An inappropriate kiss!
Or because she was naked in bed with a friend for just an hour or more, not meaning any harm?
Iago, naked in bed and not meaning any harm?
That would be like tricking the devil.
As long as they haven't actually done anything, it's just a pardonable sin.
But, if I give my wife a handkerchief .   .   .
What then?
Her honor belongs to her, too.
Can she give that away, as well?
Her honor is part of her inner essence that can't be seen.
Often people have an honorable reputation but aren't really honorable.
By heaven, I wish I had forgotten about it.
Yes, so what?
That is not so good, now.
What if I had told you that I saw him do you wrong?
Or what if I heard him say so there are some villains out there who, once they have seduced or satisfied some mistress with their flirting and doting, can't help but brag about it
Has he said something?
My lord, he has  but you can be sure that he'll deny it.
What did he say?
Well, he said that he did I don't know what he did.
What?
What?
He said he did lie
With Desdemona?
With her, on her, however you want to say it.
Lie with her?
Lie on her?
To lie on someone is to tell lies about that person!
To lie with her that's obscene.
First the handkerchief, and now this confession!
Should he confess first and then be executed?
No, I'll kill him first and let him confess later.
I am trembling with anger, and nature wouldn't make my body do this without some reason.
Keep on working, my harmful medicine, keep on working!
This is how gullible fools are tricked, and many trustworthy and chaste women, completely innocent, are punished in situations like this.
Hey!
My lord!
My lord!
Othello!
What's the matter?
My lord has fallen into a seizure.
This is the second time he's had one of these fits.
He had one yesterday.
Rub his temples.
No, hold on.
We have to let the fit run its course.
Otherwise he'll foam at the mouth and break out in a fit of savage madness.
Look, he's moving.
Stay away for a bit.
Are you mocking me ?
No, I swear to God!
I wish you would bear your misfortune like a man!
Well then, there are many monsters in big cities, and many monsters that pass for men.
Did Cassio confess to it?
Oh, you are certainly wise!
Stay away from her for a while.
Listen to me, Iago: I will be patient and cunning.
That's not wrong.
But wait for a bit.
Ask Desdemona to help you, and you'll surely get it back.
Ha, that poor woman!
Look how he's laughing already!
Alas, the poor girl, I think she really does love me.
Now he denies his crime a bit, and laughs it off.
Have you heard, Cassio?
Now Iago is asking Cassio to tell the story again.
Go on, well said, well said.
She is saying that you're going to marry her.
Do you intend to?
Ha, ha, ha!
Are you celebrating like a triumphant Roman general?
Are you triumphing after your conquest?
Me, marry her?
A prostitute?
Aha, so there!
He's laughing like he's won her over!
Really, rumor has it that you are going to marry her.
Please, is that true?
I swear it is, or else I'm a villain.
Have you wronged me?
Well, then.
The monkey herself must be spreading this rumor.
She is convinced I will marry her, driven by her own love and self  flattery.
Iago is signaling to me.
Now Cassio is beginning the story.
She was here just now.
She follows me everywhere.
The other day I was talking along the shore with some Venetians, and the silly girl came to me and I swear she hangs around my neck like this
He looks like he's crying out, "Oh dear Cassio!  "
That's what his gestures indicate.
She hangs on me like this and cries on my shoulder and shakes and pulls me like this!
Ha, ha, ha!
Now he's talking about how she dragged him to my bedroom.
Oh, Cassio, I'm going to cut off your nose and throw it to some dog.
Well, I must stop spending time with her.
My goodness!
Look, she's coming.
Just the prostitute we were talking about.
And she's wearing perfume.
Why are you following me around like this?
Let the devil and his wife follow you around!
Why did you give me that handkerchief just recently?
I was an idiot to accept it.
You want me to copy the embroidery?
What a likely story, that you found it in your room and didn't know who left it there!
This is a gift from some woman, and you want me to copy out the embroidery?
There, give it back to your new mistress.
Wherever you got it from, I'm not copying any of it.
What's the matter, my sweet Bianca?
What's the matter?
By heaven, that's my handkerchief!
If you will come have dinner with me tonight, then okay.
Go after her, go after her.
I must.
Will you go to dinner with her?
Yes, I intend to go.
Well, I'd like to get a chance to see you later, because I really would like to speak with you.
Please come to the diner, then.
Stop talking and go after her!
Exit CASSIO CASSIO exits.
How should I murder him, Iago?
Did you see how he laughed about his crime?
Oh, Iago!
And did you see the handkerchief?
Was that my handkerchief?
I swear on my hand, it was yours.
And look how much he cares about your foolish wife!
She gave him her handkerchief, and he turns around and gives it to a whore.
If I could, I'd spend nine years killing him slowly.
She was a fine woman!
A beautiful woman!
A sweet woman!
You must forget about that.
Yes, let her rot and perish and go to hell tonight, for she will not live past tonight.
No, my heart has turned to stone.
If I beat my chest, it hurts my hand.
No, that's not like you to obey a woman.
Let her be hanged!
I'm just calling her what she is now.
Such a skilled sewer, such an admirable musician.
Oh, she could sing so well she'd charm a savage bear to gentleness!
She's so clever and intelligent!
All these traits make her even worse.
Oh, they make her a thousand times worse!
Yes, too gentle.
That's certainly true.
But what a pity this is, Iago!
Oh, Iago, the pity!
I will chop her up into little bits!
Cheat on me, will she?
Oh, it's really a foul thing for her to do.
With my own lieutenant!
That's even worse.
Iago, get me some poison this very night.
I won't speak to her, so her body and beauty don't trick my mind again.
Don't poison her.
Strangle her in her bed  the very bed she contaminated with her affair.
Good idea!
Poetic justice!
And as for Cassio, let me handle him.
You'll hear more about it by midnight.
Very good.
It must be some news from Venice.
Here comes Lodovico, from the Duke.
Look, your wife is with him.
Hello, noble General.
Hello, sir.
The Duke and Senators of Venice send their greetings.
I kiss the letter that contains their commands.
And what's the news, good cousin Lodovico?
I am very glad to see you, sir.
Welcome to Cyprus.
Thank you.
How is Lieutenant Cassio doing?
He's alive, sir.
Are you sure about that?
My lord?
"Don't fail to do this, since you will "
He wasn't talking to you, Desdemona.
He's busy reading the letter.
Yes, a most unhappy one.
I would do anything to repair their friendship, because of my love for Cassio.
Fire and brimstone!
My lord?
Do you have any sense?
What, is he angry?
Truthfully, I'm glad about that.
Really!
My lord?
I'm glad to see that you are angry.
Why, sweet Othello
You devil!
I haven't done anything to deserve this.
Oh, devil, devil!
If the whole world were filled with the tears of women, they'd all be fake tears!
Get out of my sight!
I will not stay, if it offends you.
She is truly an obedient lady.
I beg you, my lord, call her back.
Mistress!
Yes, my lord?
What do you want with her, sir?
Me, my lord?
Yes, you're the one who wanted me to have her turn around and come back here.
She can turn around all right; she's very good at turning on you.
And she can weep, sir.
And she's obedient, as you say, very obedient.
Keep on crying.
About this letter, sir.
Oh you are pretending really well!
I have been ordered to come home.
Is this the same noble Moor that our whole senate thinks so highly of?
Is this the person who supposedly could not be shaken by passion?
The man whose solid virtue was invulnerable to anything chance or fortune could throw at it?
He has changed a lot.
Does he still have his wits?
Has he gone crazy, too?
He is as he is.
I can't say a bad word about what he might be like.
If he is not what he has the potential to be, then I wish to heaven he was!
What was that about?
Why did he hit his wife?
That really was not so good.
But I wish I could say that was the worst he'll do.
Does he usually hit her like that?
Or did the letter he was reading raise his temper and make him so angry that he hit her?
Alas, alas!
It is not right for me to tell you about what I have seen and learned.
You will see for yourself, and his actions will show you what he is like, so that I don't have to tell you.
Go follow after him, and just watch how he acts.
I'm sorry I misjudged him.
You haven't seen anything, then?
I haven't heard anything either, and I haven't suspected anything.
But you've seen Desdemona and Cassio together.
But I didn't see anything wrong then, and I heard every syllable they uttered to each other.
What, did they never whisper so you couldn't hear?
Never, my lord.
And they never sent you away?
Never.
She didn't send you away to go get her fan, her gloves, her mask?
Never, my lord.
That's strange.
I would bet that Desdemona is honest, my lord.
I'd bet my soul on it.
Tell her to come here.
Go.
My lord, what do you want?
Please, dear, come here.
What would you like?
Let me see your eyes.
Look into my face.
What horrible things are you imagining?
Do your job, mistress, and leave us lovers alone.
Shut the door.
Cough or say "ahem" if anyone comes.
That's your job, your job !
Well, what are you?
I am your wife, my lord.
Your true and loyal wife.
Heaven knows the truth.
Heaven knows the truth: that you are false as hell.
To whom, my lord?
With whom have I been unfaithful?
How am I false?
Ah, Desdemona, go away, away, away!
Alas, this is a sad day.
Why are you crying?
I hope my noble lord thinks I am honest.
Oh yes, as honest as a swarm of flies all reproducing together in the blowing wind.
Oh, you weed, you are so lovely and smell so sweet that it hurts to look at you.
Alas, what sin have I committed without knowing about it?
Did God create in you a beautiful blank slate just to write "whore" on it?
What sin did you commit?
Commit?
Oh, you public prostitute!
If I even spoke of what you did, my mouth would burn up modesty itself just by uttering the words.
What sin have you committed?
By heaven, you accuse me wrongly!
Are you not a whore?
No, I swear on my Christianity.
What, not a whore?
No I am not, on my word as a good Christian.
Can this be true?
Oh, God forgive us!
Alas, what is this gentleman talking about?
How are you doing, madam?
My good lady, are you okay?
I've practically fainted, to tell the truth.
Good madam, what's the matter with my lord?
With who?
With my lord, madam.
Who is your lord?
Your husband, sweet lady.
I have no husband.
Do not talk to me, Emilia.
I cannot weep, and I have nothing to say besides what could be expressed by tears.
Please, make my bed tonight with the sheets from my wedding night.
Remember to do this, and call your husband here.
Everything has changed so much!
It's appropriate that I am treated like this, very appropriate.
What have I ever done to make him find the smallest thing to complain about?
What do you want, madam?
How are things going with you?
I can't tell.
Those who teach young children do it in a gentle way with easy tasks.
What is the matter, lady?
Alas, Iago, my lord has called her a whore, and called her such serious, spiteful names that someone with a true heart couldn't bear to hear them.
Am I that name, Iago?
What name, fair lady?
The one my lord called me.
He called her "whore.  "
A drunken beggar wouldn't call his girl such a name.
Why did he call you this?
I do not know.
I am sure I am not such a thing.
Do not weep, do not weep.
Alas, what a terrible day!
Did she reject so many noble suitors and turn her back on her father, her country, and her friends just to be called a whore?
Wouldn't that make anyone weep?
It is my wretched fate.
Damn him for this!
What has happened to him?
Only God knows.
I would bet my life that some villain  some scheming, insinuating rogue, some deceitful, double crossing rogue   has slandered Desdemona in order to get some military position.
If I'm wrong, let me be hanged!
But there is no man who would do such a thing.
It is impossible.
If there is any such man, may God have mercy on him!
Quiet down.
Oh, curse those evil people!
It was a person like this who got inside your head and made you suspect that I cheated on you with the Moor.
You are a fool.
Get out of here.
Alas, Iago, what should I do to win back my husband?
Good friend, go to him.
For I swear by heaven, I do not know what I did to lose him.
I kneel down here and swear it: if I ever betrayed his love, either by some actual deed or even by just thinking about doing something; if my eyes, ears, or anything else ever delighted in any other man; if I never really loved him or don't love him now, or won't continue to love him dearly   , then may I lose all comforts!
I beg you, don't get upset.
If there were no other reason
That's it, I promise.
I don't think you've been honest with me.
Why not?
Will you listen to me, Roderigo?
I have heard you speak too much, and your actions and words don't match up.
You accuse me unjustly.
I accuse you with nothing but the truth.
I have spent all my money.
The jewels you took from me to send to Desdemona would have been enough to corrupt a nun.
You told me she received them, and promised that, in return, I would see hope and encouragement by her immediate affection.
Well, fine.
"Fine!  "
Things aren't "fine," man.
Very well.
It is not very well, I tell you.
I will tell everything to Desdemona.
If she will return my jewels, I will give up on courting her and take back my unlawful advances.
If she doesn't, I'll seek repayment from you.
You've spoken your piece, now.
Yes, and I've said just what I intend to do.
Well, now I see you have a backbone, and I think more highly of you now than ever before.
Give me your hand, Roderigo.
Your accusation against me is understandable, but I still insist that I have behaved honestly in helping you with your situation.
It doesn't appear that way.
I admit it doesn't seem that way, and you are not stupid or unjustified to have suspicions.
Well, what is your plan?
Is it reasonable?
Sir, a special order has come from Venice to put Cassio in charge here, in Othello's place.
Is that true?
Then Othello and Desdemona are returning to Venice.
What do you mean by "removal?"
Well, I mean making him incapable of taking Othello's place.
And you want me to do that!
Yes, if you dare do something that would help yourself.
Cassio is having dinner tonight with a prostitute, and I am going to go meet him there.
He doesn't know yet about his good luck with this promotion.
If you will be on the lookout for him there    you can get him.
I'll be nearby to help you, and he'll be surrounded by us.
Come on, don't stand there dumbfounded.
I'll come and hear what reasons you have for doing this.
You won't regret it.
Sir, I beg you: don't trouble yourself any further.
I beg your pardon, but it will be good for me to walk.
Good night, madam.
I humbly thank you, my lady.
You are most welcome, your Honor.
Will you walk with me, sir?
And oh, Desdemona
Yes, my lord?
I will, my lord.
How is it going now?
Othello looks gentler than before.
He said he's coming back immediately and commanded me to go to bed and dismiss you for the night.
Dismiss me?
That's what he ordered.
Therefore, good Emilia, give me my night gown and then goodbye.
We must not displease Othello now.
Okay.
I wish you had never seen him!
I don't wish that.
My love for him is so strong that I don't mind please help unpin this for me even his stubbornness, his reprimands, his frowns.
I have made your bed with the sheets from your wedding night, as you asked.
All right.
Good God, how foolish our minds can be!
If I die before you, please wrap me in one of these same sheets.
Oh come on!
You're just saying that.
Should I go and get your nightgown?
No, just unpin this for me here.
That Lodovico is a good man.
A very handsome man.
He's well spoken.
I know a lady in Venice who would have walked barefoot to Palestine just to touch his lower lip.
It might, or it might not.
I've heard that it means that.
Oh these men, these men!
Tell me, Emilia: do you think that there are women who deceive and cheat on their husbands as badly as men do to women?
No question, there are some.
Would you ever cheat on your husband, for all the world?
Well, wouldn't you?
No, by the light of heaven!
Well I wouldn't do it by light either.
I might do it in the dark, though.
Would you really do such a thing for all the world?
All the world is a huge thing.
It would be a great reward for a little misdeed.
In truth, I think you wouldn't do it.
In truth, I think I should do it, and then undo it after.
Really, I wouldn't do such a thing for a ring, or for fine linen, or for gowns and petticoats, or for caps, or for any little gift.
But for the whole world?
Why, who would not cheat on her husband in order to make him king of the world?
I'd risk being punished in purgatory for it.
The devil may take me if I should ever do such a wrong for the whole world.
But the wrong is just a wrong in the world, so if the world is yours, then it is a wrong in your own world.
I don't think there is any such woman who would do it.
Yes there are a dozen, and in fact as many as would populate the whole world that they wagered for.
But I think that if wives are unfaithful, it is their husbands' fault.
Let's say they stop sleeping with us and give themselves to other women instead, or break out in fits of jealousy and impose restraints on us.
Or let's say they hit us, or spitefully cut back on our allowance.
Why, we feel resentment, and although we have some grace, we can still have some revenge, too.
Let husbands know that their wives have good sense just like them.
They see and smell and can taste both sweet and sour, just like their husbands can.
What are they doing when they switch us out for other women?
Is it for fun?
I think so.
And does physical attraction lead to it?
I think so.
Is it a weakness to do this wrong?
I think so, too.
And don't we have physical attractions, desire for fun, and weakness, just like men?
Good night, good night.
Here, stand behind this wall.
He'll come soon.
Be nearby, since I might mess this up.
I'll be here, right by your side.
Be bold, and make a stand.
I don't have any great dedication to do this deed, but Iago has given me satisfactory reasons to do it.
It's just one man to kill.
Go forth, my sword: he will die.
I rubbed this young pimple as much as I can, and he's getting angry.
Now, whether he kills Cassio or Cassio kills him, or they each kill each other, it's all good for me.
If Roderigo lives, he will make me pay him back for all the gold and jewels I took from him as gifts for Desdemona.
I can't have that.
If Cassio survives, his beauty every day makes me seem ugly by comparison.
And besides, the Moor might tell him what I've said about him that would be very dangerous for me.
No, he must die.
But I hear him coming.
I know his walk.
It's him.
That thrust would have been quite bad for me indeed, except that my coat is thicker than you realize.
Oh, I've been killed!
I am crippled forever.
Help, hey!
Murder!
Murder!
It's the voice of Cassio.
Iago keeps his word.
Oh, I am a villain.
Yes, you are.
Oh, help, hey!
Bring some light!
I need a doctor!
It's him.
Oh, brave Iago, you are honest and just, to care so much for a wrong done to your friend!
You teach me by your example.
Unchaste woman, your dear boyfriend lies dead, and your own damned fate hurries your way.
Whore, I'm coming for you.
Your charms, your eyes, are erased from my heart.
Your bed, stained with lust, will soon be stained with your lusty blood.
What's going ?
No one on guard?
No one passing by?
Murder!
Murder!
Something's wrong.
Oh, help!
Look!
Oh, that wretched villain!
Two or three people are groaning.
It's the middle of the night they might be trying to trick us.
Let's not rush in unsafely by ourselves, without any other help.
Will nobody come?
I'm going to bleed to death.
Look!
Here comes someone in his night shirt, with a light and weapons.
Who's there?
Whose voice is it that keeps saying murder?
We don't know.
Don't you hear a cry?
Over here!
For heaven's sake, help me!
What's the matter?
This is Othello's flag bearer, I think.
This is him, a very brave man.
Who are you that's crying out in such pain?
Iago?
Oh, I have been ruined and undone by villains!
Give me some help.
Oh my, lieutenant!
What villains have done this?
I think one of them is around here, and cannot run away.
Oh, treacherous villains!
Who are you over there?
Come here and give some help.
Oh, help me!
That's one of the villains that did this to me.
Oh, murdering scoundrel!
Oh, villain!
Oh, damned Iago!
You inhuman dog!
Judge us by our actions.
Sir Lodovico?
That's me, sir.
I ask for your forgiveness.
This here is Cassio, hurt by some villains.
Cassio!
How are you, brother?
My leg has been cut in half.
No, heaven forbid!
Gentlemen, give me some light so I can bind the wound with my shirt.
Hey, what is the matter?
Who is it that cried out?
Who is it that cried out?
Oh, my dear Cassio!
My sweet Cassio!
Oh, Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
You notorious whore!
Cassio, do you have any idea who attacked you?
No.
I am sorry to find you like this.
I've been out looking for you.
Lend me a stocking.
There.
Oh, if only we had a chair, to carry him off easily!
Alas, he is fainting!
Oh, Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
All of you gentlemen, I suspect that this piece of trash has played a role in Cassio's injury.
Hold on just a bit, good Cassio.
Come on, give me some light.
Do we know this face or not?
Alas, it is my friend and my dear countryman Roderigo!
No, it can't be yes, it is for sure!
Yes, it's Roderigo.
Roderigo from Venice?
That's the man, sir.
Do you know him?
Know him?
Yes.
Sir Gratiano, is that you?
I am glad to see you.
Are you okay, Cassio?
Oh, we need a chair, a chair!
Roderigo!
None at all, and I don't even know him.
What, are you looking pale?
Someone carry him off.
Alas, what is the matter?
What is the matter, husband?
Cassio has been attacked here in the dark by Roderigo and some men who have run away.
Cassio was almost killed, and Roderigo is dead.
Alas, he was a good gentleman!
And alas, poor Cassio!
This is what you get from whoring around.
Please, Emilia, go ask Cassio where he had dinner tonight.
Why do you shake with worry at that?
He had dinner at my house, but that's not why I'm shaking.
Oh did he?
I order you, come with me.
Oh, shame on you, whore!
As chaste as me?
Shame on you!
Kind gentlemen, let's go make sure poor Cassio's wounds get tended to.
Come on, mistress, you must tell us another story.
Emilia, run to the castle and tell Othello and Desdemona what has happened.
Will you go on ahead?
This is the night that either makes me, or utterly ruins me.
That's the reason for this, that's the reason, my soul.
I won't say the reason to the chaste stars in the sky, but it is the reason.
But I won't shed her blood, or scar that skin of hers that is whiter than snow and as smooth as alabaster.
Still, she must die or else she'll betray more men.
Extinguish the light, and then extinguish her light.
If I extinguish you, flame, I can light you again if I have second thoughts.
But as for you  you most artfully, excellently fashioned woman   once I put out your light, I don't know of any magical fire that can bring your life back.
When I have plucked the rose of your life, I can't re plant it again it must wither.
I'll smell you while you're still alive.
Oh, your gentle breath almost persuades Justice herself to put away her sword!
One more, one more kiss.
If you look like this when you are dead, I will kill you and love you after.
One more, and that's the last.
There was never anything so sweet and yet so deadly as you.
I can't help but weep, but that is not a sign of pity.
This sorrow is like that of God, who must strike down the creatures he loves.
She's waking up.
Who's there?
Othello?
Yes, Desdemona.
Will you come to bed, my lord?
Have you prayed tonight, Desdemona?
Yes, my lord.
If you can think of any crime you haven't atoned for, make amends with God right now.
My lord, what do you mean by that?
Just do it.
And quickly.
I will walk around.
You're talking about killing?
Yes, I am.
Then heaven have mercy on me!
Amen, I wholeheartedly agree.
Then I hope you will not kill me.
Hmph!
And yet I fear you, because when your eyes roll like that I know you're in a deadly mood.
I don't know why I should be afraid, since I am not guilty of anything.
But I am afraid nonetheless.
Think about your sins.
My only sin is my love for you.
Yes, and that's why you're going to die.
It's not a natural thing to kill someone for loving.
Alas, why are you biting your lower lip?
Some bloodthirsty passion is shaking your whole body.
These are bad signs, but I hope they do not point to something that is going to happen to me.
Be quiet, and stay still.
I will.
What's the matter?
That handkerchief that I loved so much and gave to you, you gave to Cassio.
No, I swear on my life and soul!
Send for him and ask him.
You sweet soul, careful now, be careful about lying.
You are on your deathbed.
Yes, but it's not yet time for me to die!
It will be soon.
Oh, heaven have mercy on me!
I say amen to that.
And you have mercy, too!
By heaven, I saw my handkerchief in his hand.
Then he must have found it.
I never gave it to him.
He has confessed.
What, my lord?
He has confessed that he has had sex with you.
What?
Adulterous sex with me?
Yes.
He would not say that.
No, he cannot speak.
Honest Iago has taken care of that.
Oh!
Alas, he has been betrayed, and now I am ruined.
Enough, whore!
Do you dare to weep for him in front of me?
Oh, my lord, banish me, but do not kill me.
Get down, whore!
Kill me tomorrow let me live tonight!
No, if you struggle
Just half an hour!
Once I've started this, I cannot stop.
Let me say just one prayer!
It is too late.
My lord, my lord!
What is going on?
My lord, my lord!
What is this noise?
Is she not dead?
Not quite dead yet?
I may be cruel, but I am merciful too: I don't want you to die slowly and painfully.
So here.
Hey!
My lord, my lord!
Who's there?
Oh, my good lord, I want to have a word with you!
Yes, it is Emilia.
One minute.
She's dead.
Emilia is likely coming to tell me about Cassio's death.
There was a lot of noise outside.
Ha!
Not moving anymore, Desdemona?
Still as the grave.
Should Emilia come in here?
Would that be good?
Is Desdemona moving again?
I beg you to let me speak with you, my good lord!
I forgot you were out there.
Come in, Emilia.
Quietly, now.
Let me draw the bed curtains.
Oh, my good lord, foul murders have been committed outside!
What?
Just now, my lord.
My lord, Cassio has killed a young Venetian named Roderigo.
Roderigo killed?
And Cassio killed!
No, Cassio is not killed.
Cassio isn't killed?
Then the murder was botched, and sweet revenge hasn't gone as planned.
Oh, I have been unjustly murdered!
Alas, what is that cry?
That?
What?
Oh no, that was my lady's voice.
I die as an innocent.
Oh, who has done this to you?
Nobody.
I did it to myself.
Farewell.
Send my love to my kind lord.
Oh, farewell!
Why, how could she have been murdered?
Alas, who knows?
You heard her say herself that it wasn't me.
She said so.
I must tell the truth.
Then she's gone to hell as a liar.
I'm the one who killed her.
Oh, this makes her even more of an angel, and you more of a devil!
She strayed, and she was a whore.
You slander her, and you are a devil.
She was as unfaithful as water is inconstant.
You are as impetuous as fire to say that she was unfaithful.
She was heavenly faithful and honest!
Cassio slept with her; you can ask your husband.
I would be damned to hell if I didn't seek out just punishment to this end.
Your husband knew all about this.
My husband!
Yes, your husband.
He knew that she was unfaithful in her marriage?
Yes, with Cassio.
My husband?
Yes, he was the one who told me about her first.
He is an honest man, and hates the slime of filthy bad deeds.
My husband!
Why are you repeating yourself, woman?
I said your husband.
Oh, my mistress  a villain has played tricks with love.
My husband said she was unfaithful!
Yes, him, woman.
I said "your husband" do you understand the words?
My friend, your husband, the honest, honest Iago.
If Iago said this, then let his malicious soul rot slowly day after day!
He lies down to his heart.
She was too attached to her filthy marriage to you to be unfaithful.
Ha!
Do your worst.
This deed you have done is not justified.
You'd better be quiet.
You don't have enough strength to do me half as much harm as I can endure.
Oh, you fool!
You idiot!
You are as ignorant as dirt!
What is the matter?
What is going on, general?
Oh, you've come, Iago?
You've done really well, since other men credit you for their murders .
What is the matter?
Refute what this villain has said, if you are a man.
He says that you told him his wife was unfaithful.
I know you did not; you aren't that much of a villain.
Speak, for my heart can't bear your silence any longer.
I told him what I thought, and said no more than that which he himself found out to be true.
But did you ever tell him that she was unfaithful?
I did.
You told a lie  a horrible, damned lie.
I swear by my soul, it was a lie, a wicked lie.
Desdemona, unfaithful with Cassio!
Did you say with Cassio?
Yes, with Cassio, mistress.
Now come on, hold your tongue.
I will not hold my tongue.
I must speak.
Heaven forbid!
And the news you spread led to the murder.
Don't look so amazed, gentlemen.
It's a strange truth.
What a monstrous act!
Wickedness, wickedness, wickedness!
I think about it, and I think I can smell it, oh wickedness!
I suspected it earlier.
I could kill myself out of grief.
What, are you crazy?
I order you to go back home.
Good gentlemen, give me permission to speak.
It is proper for me to obey my husband, but not in this case.
Maybe I will never go home, Iago.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Yes, lie down and roar with grief, since you have killed the sweetest innocent girl that ever lived.
Oh, she was foul!
Poor Desdemona!
It is pitiful, but Iago knows that Desdemona had shamefully cheated on me with Cassio a thousand times.
Cassio confessed it, and she repaid his love with a token, the pledge of love that I first gave her.
Oh God!
Oh heavenly powers!
Christ, keep quiet.
The truth will come out, the truth will come out.
Me, be quiet?
No, I will speak as freely as the north wind blows.
Be smart and go back home.
I will not go.
Shame!
You draw your sword against a woman?
Oh, you stupid Moor!
I found the handkerchief you speak of by chance, and gave it to my husband.
Evil whore!
Did Desdemona give it to Cassio?
Filth, you are lying!
I swear by heaven, I do not lie, I do not, gentlemen.
Oh, you murdering fool!
How did such a fool as you get such a good wife?
Doesn't Jove have any thunderbolts he can use to strike down this complete villain?
The woman has fallen down!
He's surely killed his own wife.
Yes, yes.
Oh, lay me down next to Desdemona.
He's run off, and his wife has been killed.
He is a terrible villain.
Take this weapon that I have obtained from the Moor.
Go, guard the outer door.
Don't let Iago get out.
I'm not very strong if some puny little man can take my sword from me.
What did your song foretell, my lady?
Listen, can you hear me?
I will be like a swan and die while singing.
If you try to get by, you'll pay for it.
You have no weapon, and so you'll surely get hurt.
What is the matter?
Look, I have a weapon.
A better sword has never graced a soldier's scabbard.
Where is this impulsive and most unfortunate man?
You speak of Othello.
Here I am.
And where is that poisonous snake?
Bring the villain forward.
Take his sword away from him.
I am bleeding, but I haven't been killed, sir.
Good.
I want you to live, because for me death is sweet now.
Oh, Othello, you used to be so good, and now you've fallen under the control of a cursed villain.
Anything.
This wretched man has confessed to some of his evil doings.
Did you and he conspire to kill Cassio?
Yes.
Dear general, I gave you no reason to kill me.
I believe you, and I ask for your forgiveness.
Will you please ask that half devil why he has tricked me and ruined my soul and body?
Ask me nothing.
You know what you know.
From now on I will never speak again.
Not even to pray?
We can make you speak with torture.
Do your best, then.
Sir, let me explain what has happened, which I don't think you know.
Here is a letter that was found in dead Roderigo's pocket.
Oh, you villain!
Filthiest heathen!
Oh, you malicious wretch!
Cassio, how did you come across my wife's handkerchief?
I found it in my room, and Iago himself just confessed that he left it there on purpose as part of his plan.
I'm a fool!
A fool!
A fool!
Moreover, Roderigo's letter describes how Iago told him to offend me while I was on guard duty, the thing that made me lose my title of lieutenant.
And just now, even though he seemed to be dead, Roderigo spoke and said that Iago tricked him and urged him to on.
You must leave this room and come with us.
You have been stripped of your power and command, and Cassio now rules over Cyprus.
As for this scoundrel, he will get whatever clever, cruel torture we can devise to cause him a lot of pain for a long time.
You will stay a prisoner until the Venetian government hears of your crime.
Come on, bring him away.
Wait, let me say a word or two before you go.
I have served the government of Venice well, and they know it.
But nothing more about that.
I beg you, in your letters, when you relate the story of these unfortunate deeds, speak of me as I am.
Don't downplay my crime, but don't exaggerate it maliciously.
What a bloody conclusion!
Everything he said is tarnished by what he's done.
I kissed you before I killed you.
Now that I am killing myself, I must die with a kiss.
I feared this would happen because he was a brave man, but I didn't think he had a weapon.
You cruel dog, look at the tragic contents of this bed  worse than pain, starvation, or the tempestuous sea.
This is your doing.
It hurts to look at this.
So, Prince of Tyre: you understand how dangerous the task you're about to attempt is?
Prince Pericles
who has every intention of being your son in law
Of all the men who've tried, I hope you succeed!
I hope this ends well for you!
Like a knight going into a tournament, the only advice or help I need is faithfulness and courage.
I'm not a snake, but I eat My own mother's flesh.
Don't touch her, Prince Pericles, if you value your life.
That's the law, and it's as dangerous as the rest.
Your time is up!
Sir, no one likes to hear their sins repeated back to them it would offend you to hear me say it.
I wish I had a mind like yours!
He's figured out the meaning, but I'll talk him out of it.
You're trying to hide your evil with a show of hospitality, but it's hypocrisy; it only looks good from the outside!
He's figured out the riddle, which means I'll have to kill him.
Did you call, sir?
Thaliard, you're my trusted servant, and I need you to do something for me under the utmost secrecy.
Sir, I understand.
Good.
Catch your breath, please.
Sir, Prince Pericles is gone.
Goodbye, Thaliard!
I won't rest until Pericles is dead.
Don't let anyone come in here.
God bless you, sir!
And good luck on your journey!
Quiet, please.
You look angry, sir.
How dare plants grow up toward the sky, from which they receive rain and sun?
You know I have the power to kill you.
Get up, please.
Be patient, and don't be so hard on yourself.
You sound like a doctor, Helicanus, but what you're prescribing me is something you'd hardly do yourself.
You see, I went to Antioch where, as you know, I faced death for the chance to win a famously beautiful woman.
Oh, sir!
Well, sir, since you've given me permission to speak, I will.
I do trust you, but what if Antiochus attacks while I'm gone?
We'll shed each other's blood into the earth from which we came .
So, this is Tyre, and this is the court.
I'm supposed to kill King Pericles here and, if I don't do it, I'll be hanged back home.
What?
The king's gone?
If you're still not satisfied since he didn't go with your permission I'll tell you why he left.
What about Antioch?
Welcome, Lord Thaliard of Antioch.
I'll do my best, sir.
Oh, it's too true.
But look what heaven can do!
You can tell by our sunken cheeks and hollow eyes.
Oh, if only the cities that have enough, who enjoy the tastes of prosperity, with their superfluous riots, would hear these tears!
One day, they could be as miserable as Tarsus.
Where's the governor?
Here.
Tell me the bad news that you hurried to bring us; I can't imagine it's good news you bring.
We can make out, on the opposite shore, a large group of ships sailing this way.
I figured.
On my way, sir.
Peace would be great, if that's what he's here for.
May the gods of Greece protect you!
And we'll pray for you.
If anyone fails to thank you, or think grateful thoughts toward you whether it's our wives, children, or ourselves may they be cursed by heaven and punished by men!
Until the day someone denies you    you're very welcome here in our town and with us.
We'll accept your welcome and feast here a while, until our fortunes turn again from bad to good.
Please, heaven, stop your wrath!
Come on, buddy!
Hey, come bring the nets in!
What'd you say, dummy?
What did you say, master?
Oh, look how fast you're moving now!
Come on, then, or I'll come after you with a vengeance.
Master, I'm thinking of the poor men that were shipwrecked before us even now.
I told you this was coming when I saw the dolphin jumping in the waves.
That's a nice moral.
But master, if I worked in a church, I'd want to be there for that.
Why, man?
Because, when he swallowed me, I would have made a bunch of noise in his belly.
Simonides!
then we could get rid of all the men that are robbing the king of his wealth.
Honest?
What's that mean?
If you pointed to any old day on the calendar, we wouldn't know what it meant.
As you can see, I've been shipwrecked here.
The sea must have been drunk if it dropped you here.
You don't beg?
There's a lot of people in our country, Greece, that get more from begging than we do from working.
Do you know how to catch fish?
I've never tried it.
Did you say "die"?
May the gods forbid!
I have a coat here, come on, put it on, get warm.
Now come with me, handsome man!
Thank you, sir.
Hey, man, you said you wouldn't beg!
I only asked.
Only asked!
Maybe I'll become a beggar too, and talk my way out of a whipping.
Why?
Joking makes their work fun!
Listen, sir, do you know where you are?
Not really.
The good King Simonides, huh?
He's fortunate to have his subjects speak so highly of his government.
How far is the court from where we are now?
If my luck matched my desires, I'd try my hand at that.
Help, master, help!
Armor?
Let me see that.
After all the bad luck I've had, finally, something to help me fix myself, though it is my own, and part of my heritage: this is my armor, given to me by my dead father.
What do you mean, sir?
What, you're going to enter the tournament for the lady?
I'll show how skilled I am in battle.
Well, take it, then, and may the gods bless you!
But listen, sir: we're the ones that pulled this armor out of the rough sea, so there are certain conditions, certain respects to paid.
I hope, sir, if you're successful, that you'll remember where you got it from.
Believe me, I will.
Are the knights ready to begin the contest?
They are, sir, and are waiting to present themselves to you.
Father, you like bragging about me even when I don't deserve it.
I'll do my best.
Who's this first knight?
Sounds like he loves you a lot, if you're his whole life.
Who's the second knight?
And the third?
And the fourth?
A burning torch turned upside down, with the motto, "That which lights me snuffs me out.  "
Which symbolizes that his love of beauty could as easily lead him to do great things as evil ones.
He must be a stranger, since he showed up with such a strange outfit.
And let his armor rust until today on purpose, before he wears it in the tournament.
It's foolish to judge a book by its cover.
Wait, the knights are coming let's go into the stadium.
Knights, I hardly need to say how welcome you are.
To write an endorsement of the book of your good deeds, like on a title page, would be more than is needed, since you've already showed your worth by doing the deeds themselves.
So, get ready to laugh, since feasts are best enjoyed with laughter.
It was more by good luck, ma'am, than by skill.
You've honored us with this feast, Simonides.
Sir, there's your place.
Some other place would be better.
You're all very kind, polite knights.
Sit, sir, sit.
By Jove , king of thoughts: I can hardly eat this delicious food; I can't stop thinking about a certain girl.
By Juno , queen of marriage: everything I eat tastes bland; I only want to taste him.
He's definitely an rich gentleman.
To me he's one in a million .
What are you all laughing at?
How could we do anything else in your royal presence?
We thank you, sir.
What is it to me, father?
What?
Do what I say, or else.
Now, by the gods, there's nothing that would make me happier.
And also tell him we want to know where he came from and who his parents are.
Sir, the king, my father, just drank a toast to you.
Tell him I said thanks.
He wished you good health.
Thanks to him and to you.
And he also wants to know where you came from, what your name is, and who your parents are.
He said thank you, and that his name is Pericles, that he's from Tyre, and was only shipwrecked here by chance.
Now, by the gods, I feel sorry for him and will cheer him up.
Come on, gentlemen, we're spending too much time on little things.
Let's not waste time any longer; let's find another pastime.
Well, I'm glad I asked; that was a good dance.
Those that dance might, sir.
Well, you might miss your chance if you keep talking.
All right, break it up.
Thanks, gentleman, and everyone.
Thank you, sir.
It was very strange.
It's very true.
See, no one has private access to Pericles except for Helicanus.
We can't let this go on any longer without challenging it.
Anyone who's not with us is against us.
Follow me, then.
Helicanus, can we have a word?
With me?
Of course.
You have to understand that our grievances have piled up to the point of overflowing.
Your grievances!
Why?
Don't say anything against the prince you love.
Long live Helicanus!
Good morning, Simonides.
Gentlemen, I have to tell you that my daughter has decided not to marry for another year.
Can't we see her, sir?
Absolutely not; she's locked in her room and it's impossible to get her out.
She's sworn to remain a virgin for another year, and swears on her honor she won't go back on her promise.
We're sad to leave, but we'll go now.
All blessings to you, good Simonides!
The same to you, sir!
Thanks for the compliment, but I hardly deserve it.
You're a master of music.
I'm the worst of all music's students, sir.
Let me ask you a question: what do you think of my daughter, sir?
She's a virtuous princess.
And she's pretty, too, right?
As beautiful as a summer day; extremely beautiful.
I'm not worthy to be her teacher.
She doesn't think so; look at this letter.
What does this say?
She says in this letter that she loves me!
Maybe this is the king's plot to kill me?
You've tricked my daughter into loving you, you crook.
Traitor, you lie!
Traitor?
Yes, traitor.
Now, by the gods, I have to applaud his bravery.
I've only tried to do the right thing; I haven't thought or done a single wrong thing.
Really?
Here comes my daughter; she can prove it.
Please, since you're as honest as you are beautiful, tell the truth: tell your angry father that I never said or wrote anything proclaiming my feelings to you.
Well, if you did, I wouldn't be offended; I'd be glad.
Hey, missy, aren't you getting a little hasty?
I'm happy about this, with all my heart.
You'll have to listen to me; I'll make you do what I want.
Would you really agree to marry a stranger without my permission?
Of course, if you love me, sir!
I swear on my life, with all my heart!
You both feel the same way?
Yes, if you approve.
I approve so wholeheartedly that I'd like to have the wedding immediately and get you off to bed!
Now it's night and everyone is asleep; the only sound in the house is snoring, all the louder after being overfed at this marriage feast.
Cats' eyes shine like burning coals as they hunt for mice, crickets chirp in the empty kitchen, and everything goes on as usual.
Now, Lychorida!
What, what, Lychorida!
Don't cry, sir, we've got enough wailing with the storm going on.
Oh, you gods!
Why do you give us good things that we love and then take them away?
Those of us on earth hardly know what to do.
Calm down, sir as bad as this is.
May you have an easy life!
No baby has ever had such a chaotic birth, but you seem to be quiet and gentle!
This is the worst welcome to the world that any princess has ever had.
It can only go up from here!
Have courage, sir!
God bless you!
I have enough courage; I've never been afraid in my life   .
But for this baby's sake, this brand new sailor, I wish the storm would quiet down.
Let the sails go slack there!
Do it, why don't you!
Hurry up!
That's your superstition.
Sorry, sir, it's the way things are done at sea, and we're true to tradition.
Give her up quickly, because we have to throw her overboard now.
If you think it's best.
Poor queen!
Here she is, sir.
Sir, we have a chest ready, waterproofed and sealed.
Thank you.
Sailor, where are we?
We're near Tarsus.
Let's go there, and then change course for Tyre.
How soon can we get there?
By morning, if the wind stops.
Let's go to Tarsus!
Hey, Philemon!
Did you call me, sir?
Start a fire and get some food for these poor men.
I've been in many storms, but, until now, I've never seen a night as bad as this.
Your master will be dead before you get back; there's no way on earth to help him now.
Give this to the doctor, and tell me how it works.
Good morning.
Good morning, sir.
Gentleman, what are you doing up so early?
That's why we're bothering you so early it's not our fault.
Fair enough.
Put it up there.
What is that?
Sir, this chest washed up on the shore from a shipwreck.
Set it down; let's look at it.
It looks like a coffin, sir.
Whatever it is, it's very heavy.
Of course, sir.
It's really sealed up tight!
Did it come out of the sea?
The biggest wave I've ever seen washed it up on the shore.
Open it!
Shh!
A delicate odor.
The most delicate I've ever smelled.
Lift up the lid!
Oh, you powerful gods!
What's in here?
A body!
How strange!
Wearing royal clothes, scented with perfumes and spices!
With a passport, too!
Apollo , help me read what this says.
"To whoever's reading this, if this coffin ever comes to land: I, King Pericles, have lost my beloved wife.
Most likely, sir.
No, definitely tonight, look how fresh she looks!
They shouldn't have thrown her in the sea.
Build a fire inside, and bring all the boxes from my closet.
It may look like someone is dead for hours, but then they revive and come back to life.
I heard of an Egyptian who was dead for nine hours and then, with some help, recovered.
Perfect, perfect.
Oh, Diana , where am I?
Where's my husband?
What is this place?
Isn't this strange?
Very odd.
Quiet, gentlemen!
Please, pick her up and take her into the next room.
Get some sheets; we need to hurry, since a relapse could kill her.
Come, come, and Aesculapius help us!
Though the bad luck you've experienced has hurt you the most, we feel your pain, too.
Your poor queen!
If only you could have brought her here, so that I could have met her.
We have to obey the gods above.
I can rage as loud as the sea and it won't bring Thaisa back.
You have my thanks and prayers, ma'am.
We'll walk you up to the shore, then we'll give you up to Neptune and pray for the gentlest winds from the skies.
I'll accept that offer.
Come here, sweetheart.
It's my husband's.
I remember being set in the sea right after I gave birth, but don't know how I washed up here.
Since I'll never see my husband, King Pericles, again, I'll become a nun and will never be happy again.
Imagine Pericles gets back to Tyre, where he's welcomed back and settles down quickly.
We'll leave his poor queen here at Ephesus, where she becomes a priestess of Diana.
I'll do it, but she is an innocent girl.
It's better, then, that the gods should have her.
Here she comes, crying over Lychorida's death.
Are you ready?
I'm ready.
I'll take every flower Mother Earth has to offer, to decorate your grave with yellows, blues, purple violets, marigolds all these will cover you as long as summer lasts.
Poor me!
When I was born   , my mother died; my whole life has been a continuous storm blowing me away from my friends.
Hello, Marina!
Why are you alone?
Why isn't my daughter with you?
Don't make yourself sick with being so upset; I'll be your nurse now.
Look how your situation has changed with this unfortunate loss!
Come on, give me your flowers before the sea air wilts them.
Well, I'll go even though I don't want to.
Come, come!
Of course, ma'am.
Thanks, ma'am.
Is that a west wind blowing?
South west.
When I was born, the wind was from the north.
Was it?
According to my nurse, my father wasn't afraid.
When was this?
Say your prayers, now.
What do you mean?
Why would you want to kill me?
To satisfy Dionyza.
Why would she want me killed?
My job isn't to debate the reason.
You won't do it for anything in the world, I hope.
You're handsome; I can tell by your looks that you have a gentle heart.
I swore I would, so here we go .
Stop right there, you scoundrel!
Some booty!
Some booty!
Let's split it equally, mates, equally.
Come on, get her onboard.
Those terrible thieves who've taken Marina serve the great pirate, Valdes.
Let her go there's not a chance of her coming back.
I'll swear she's dead and that I threw her into the sea .
.   .   actually, I'll follow along and see what happens.
They might just have their way with her and not take her onboard.
Boult!
Sir?
Search the market carefully.
Mytilene is full of young men.
We've never had such a shortage of creatures.
So, let's get some fresh ones, no matter what we have to pay for them.
If we don't put any heart into this business we'll never succeed.
Yeah, it was eleven, and we brought them down again!
But should I search the market?
What else can we do?
The girls we have are so pitiful, a strong wind would blow them all to pieces.
You're right; they're a mess, truth be told.
The poor Transylvanian girl is dead the one that slept with that guy with the tiny junk.
Yeah, and she gave him whatever she had; he's food for worms now!
But I'll go search the market.
Three or four thousand gold coins is all we need to retire quietly and give up the business.
Why would we give it up?
Is there anything wrong with working while we're old?
Oh, come on.
As much as we do?
But our evil is worse.
And our profession isn't really a "trade" or a "calling.  "
But here comes Boult.
Hurry up, now.
So, guys, you say she's a virgin?
Oh, sir, we have no doubt.
Boult, what are her assets?
What's her price, Boult?
I can't get her for a cent less than a thousand gold coins.
Boult, write a full report of her: the color of her hair, complexion, height, age, with a guarantee of her virginity, and cry, "Whoever pays the most can have her first.  "
If I know men, a virginity like this won't go cheap.
Do exactly as I say.
I'll take care of it.
If only Leonine hadn't been so slow!
Why are you crying, pretty girl?
Because I'm pretty.
Come on, the gods have blessed you.
I'm not accusing them.
You've come into my hands now, where you're likely to live.
Which makes it even worse that I escaped Leonine's hands, where I might have died.
Oh, but you'll live in pleasure.
No.
Are you a woman?
What would you rather me be, if not a woman?
A good woman, or not a woman at all.
May the gods protect me!
If it pleases the gods to protect you through men, then men will comfort you, feed you, sleep with you.
Boult's back.
Have you spread the word about her all over the market?
And please, tell me: how do people seem to be reacting, especially the younger ones?
Well, they listened to me as closely as they would to their own father's will being read.
There was a Spanish guy whose mouth watered so much, he went to masturbate off just the description of her.
I'm sure he'll be here tomorrow in his best clothes.
Tonight, tonight.
But, mistress, do you know the French guy who works as a butcher?
Who, Mr.   Syphilis ?
Well, well, as for him he brought his disease here, and he just keeps it up.
I know he'll come here soon and that he'll spend plenty of money.
Come here for a minute.
Good things are coming your way.
I don't understand you.
Well, some do, some don't.
But, mistress, since it's me that bought her
you can have a little taste .
I may?
Who's stopping you?
Ah, don't change them yet.
Boult, spread the news in town about our new guest, and don't leave out a single detail.
Come on, then, follow me.
I swear I'll stay a virgin!
What do we have to do with Diana ?
Now will you come with us?
Dionyza, there's never been such a horrible murder committed on the earth.
I think you're about to turn back into a baby!
Were I the king of the whole world, I would do anything to undo this.
That she's dead.
The Fates aren't nurses; they don't protect our lives forever or even for a while.
She died at night; I'll say so.
Who would dare to contradict me?
Unless you try to play Mr.   Innocent and, in a display of honesty, blurt out, "She was murdered!  "
Oh, quit it.
Well, well, of all the evil things that go on on earth, the gods will be the least happy about this.
You're one of those who thinks a little birdie is going to fly to Tarsus and tell Pericles what happened!
I'm ashamed to think of what a coward you are, and a king, too.
Anyone who would have said "yes" to this, even if he didn't do it himself, is a bad person.
May the gods forgive you!
And as for Pericles, what can he say?
Again, we'll sail over miles of miles of ocean as if it were nothing, hopping from country to country and region to region, by the power of your imagination.
Forgive us for using the same language in all these different places where our scenes are set for the sake of simplicity.
Poor Pericles believed that fake performance!
Have you ever heard anything like it?
Isn't it strange to hear such godly preaching there?
Did you ever dream of such a thing?
No, no.
I don't care what she's worth; I wish she had never come here.
Shame, shame on her!
She could convince even the most hot blooded man not to have sex.
We either need to have someone sleep with her or get rid of her.
Well, I'll have to rape her, or she'll ruin all our customers, converting the evil doers to good.
Damn her inexperience!
Well, there's no way for her to get experience except by getting experience.
Here comes Lord Lysimachus in a disguise.
We could win him and his money over if the girl would just give in to customers.
Hello!
How much for a dozen virginities?
God bless you, sir.
I'm glad to see you're healthy, sir.
I'm sure you are it's better for your business when your clients keep from getting sick!
If she would do the dirty, you mean.
You're exactly right, sir.
Well, bring her in, then!
What did you say?
Oh, sir, I can be quiet.
Isn't she pretty?
She's just what you want after a long voyage at sea.
Well, there you go.
Please, sir, let me speak with her first and then I'll leave you.
Please, do.
First, please note that he is an honorable man.
I hope he proves himself so; then I can respect him.
Second: he's the governor of this country, and I'm bound to serve him.
Whatever he gives courteously, I accept gratefully.
Are you done?
Sir, she hasn't been broken in yet ; you'll need to work hard to make her obey.
So, pretty girl, how long have you been working in this business?
What business , sir?
I can't say the name, or I'll offend you.
I can't be offended by the name of my business.
Please say it.
How long have you been in this profession?
Ever since I can remember.
Did you start that young?
Were you a prostitute at the age of five or seven?
Earlier that that, sir, if that's what I am now.
The place where you live proclaims you to be a prostitute.
If you know this place is a brothel, why did you come in ?
I've heard that you're honorable, and that you're the governor of this place.
Did your boss tell you who I am?
Who is my boss?
The Bawd , the one that teaches you and facilitates your shame and wickedness.
All right, you've heard I'm powerful and rich so you're playing hard to get.
I'll have you know, pretty girl, that once I see you, I'll pay you very well.
Come on, bring me to a private room.
What?
What?
Say more, be clear.
I couldn't have imagined you could speak so well; I couldn't have dreamed it.
If I had had a dirty mind, your speech would have changed it.
May the gods protect you!
Please, sir, a coin for me?
Get out, you damned doorman!
Without this virgin keeping it up, this whole house would collapse and bury you!
Away!
What now?
We'll have to try a different tactic with you.
Your worthless virginity which isn't worth a cheap breakfast eaten in the night isn't about to ruin this place; I'd rather be neutered like a dog than see that happen.
Come with me.
Where are you taking me?
I have to deflower you; otherwise you'll have to be killed.
Come with me.
We can't have any more gentleman driven away.
Come with me, I said!
Hey, what's going on here?
It's unthinkable!
For goodness' sake, have her hanged!
The nobleman would have done with her what a nobleman does, but she sent him away as cold as a snowball, and saying his prayers, too.
Even if she were uglier than she is, she'd have to be screwed.
Gods, listen, help me!
She's praying; take her away!
I wish she had never set foot in this house.
Damn her!
She's going to ruin us.
Don't you want to do what women do?
Come up, my little virgin pie with rosemary and bay leaves!
Come on, missy, come with me.
What are you going to do to me?
Take away your most prized possession.
Please, tell me one thing first.
All right, what's your one thing?
Who's the worst person you know?
Neither of them is as bad as you; their jobs are better than yours.
What do you want me to do?
Fight in the war, huh?
Where a man might serve seven years before he loses a leg, and then not have enough money to buy a wooden one?
Do anything but this.
Can you teach all those things?
If it turns out that I can't, you can take me home and prostitute me to the lowest peasant that's a regular at your house.
I want to work among honest women.
I don't know many of them, I'll tell you.
So Marina escapes the brothel and, according to our story, finds some decent work.
Where is Lord Helicanus?
He can answer your questions.
Oh, here he is.
Sir, there's a boat that just came from Mytilene and Lysimachus, the governor, is in it, asking to come onboard.
What should we do?
Bring him aboard.
And bring some gentlemen with you.
Hey, gentlemen!
Helicanus is calling.
Did you call, sir?
Gentlemen, there's some powerful people who want to come aboard.
Sir, this is the man who can answer whatever questions you may have.
Greetings, sir!
May the gods bless you!
Thanks.
I was on the shore, admiring Neptune 's domain, when I saw your impressive ship sail toward us.
First, who are you?
I am the governor of the country you are now in.
How did he get this way?
The story is too long to repeat, but the short version is that he lost his beloved daughter and his wife.
Can we see him?
Let me see him anyway.
Here he is.
He was a good man until the disaster that destroyed him in a single night.
Greetings, king!
May the gods protect you.
Greetings, sir!
It's no use; he won't speak to you.
Sir, there's a girl in Mytilene who could probably make him speak.
That's a good idea.
It's probably useless, but we won't overlook anything that might help.
Oh, sir, if I were to deny you that service, the most just gods would send a plague of caterpillars, one for every grain we didn't give, to afflict our country.
But let me ask again: can I hear the story of how your king came to be so sad?
Oh, here's the lady that I sent for.
Hello, beautiful!
Isn't she pretty?
She's a noble lady.
Sir, I'll use all the skills I have to help him, as long as no one but me and my maid are allowed to come near him.
Did he listen to your music?
No, and he didn't look at us.
See, she's going to speak to him.
Hello, sir!
Sir, will you listen to me?
Hmm, ha!
My luck .
.   .   parents .
.   .   good parents .
I said, sir, that if you knew who my parents were, you wouldn't hurt me.
I believe you.
Please, look at me.
You remind me of someone .
.   .   where are you from?
I'm so upset; I'm about to start crying.
My wife looked just like this girl, and my daughter might have looked like her if she had survived: she has my wife's thick eyebrows, her exact height, her straight posture, her beautiful voice, her sparkling eyes framed in rich eyelashes , with a walk as graceful as Juno's , and a voice that makes people hungry to hear her speak.
Where do you live?
I'm just a stranger here: you can see where I live from the deck of this boat.
Where were you born?
And how did you achieve all these accomplishments?
If I told you my story, you would think I was lying.
Yes, I did.
Tell me who your parents were.
I think you said you'd been wronged and hurt in the past, and that you thought you had suffered as much as I had   .
I said something like that, but I only said what I thought might be true.
My name is Marina.
Sir, please listen, or I'll stop here.
I'll listen.
You have no idea how much you've startled me by calling yourself "Marina.  "
The name was given to me by a powerful person: my father, who was a king.
What?
You're a king's daughter named Marina?
Are you flesh and blood?
Is your heart beating?
You're not a ghost?
You're alive!
Well, keep talking.
Where were you born?
And why were you called Marina?
I was called Marina because I was born at sea.
At sea!
Who was your mother?
Oh, wait a minute!
You're making fun of me.
I'll believe every word you say.
But let me ask: how did you get here?
Where were you born?
Hey, Helicanus!
Did you call, sir?
You're a serious, noble advisor, and wise about many different things: tell me, if you can, what this girl is, or is supposed to be, that she's made me cry so much?
I don't know, but here's the governor of Mytilene, sir, and he speaks highly of her.
She would never tell me who her parents were.
First, sir, please: who are you?
Will it prove I'm your daughter if I say my mother's name was Thaisa?
Thaisa was my mother, and she died as soon as I was born.
Now bless you!
Get up; you are my child.
Bring me fresh clothes.
I'll give you a hug.
Give me my clothes.
I'm overwhelmed with what I've seen.
May the heavens bless my girl!
But listen: what's that music?
Tell Helicanus, my Marina, tell him the whole thing, point by point, because he still seems unsure tell him that you're my daughter.
But what's that music?
Sir, I can't hear anything.
Nothing?
It's the music of the spheres !
Listen, my Marina.
It's not good to contradict him; let him go on.
Strange sounds!
Can't you hear?
Sir, I hear.
The most heavenly music!
I can't stop listening; and it's making me sleepy.
Get a pillow for his head.
Heavenly Diana, silver goddess, I will obey you.
Helicanus!
Sir?
Sir, give me your arm.
Come, my Marina.
Now our time is almost up; there's only a little bit left before we shut up.
Praise Diana!
I recognize that voice!
You're, you're oh, Pericles!
What did that nun say?
Is she dead?
Help her, gentlemen!
Sir, if you've told the truth just now at Diana's altar, this is your wife.
Near this coast, I bet.
Exactly.
Take care of the lady, she's just overexcited.
Early one morning, this woman washed up on shore.
I opened the coffin, found some expensive jewels inside, revived her, and made her a nun here in Diana's temple.
Can we see the jewels?
Of course, come to my house and I'll bring them to you.
Look, Thaisa woke up.
Let me look!
If he's not my husband, my religious spirit won't let me get excited just by hearing; I'm inclined not to believe, having not seen.
Oh, sir, are you Pericles?
You spoke just like him, and you look just like him .
The voice of Thaisa, who's dead!
I am Thaisa, who you thought was dead and drowned.
Immortal Diana!
Now I recognize you.
When we left Pentapolis, my father, the king, gave you this ring.
This, this no more, gods!
My heart jumps at the thought of being able to hug my own mother.
Look who kneels here!
This is your daughter , Thaisa, called "Marina" for the sea because that's where she was born.
Bless you, daughter!
I salute you, my queen!
I don't know you.
It was Helicanus back then.
Sir, you're the nearest thing to a god that a man can be.
Can you explain how my queen came back to life?
I can, sir.
Diana, bless your perfect plan!
I will make a sacrifice to you tonight.
Thaisa, this is Lysimachus, who's engaged to your daughter and is about to marry her in Pentapolis.
Lord Cerimon has received trustworthy letters saying my father's dead.
May the gods bless his soul.
We'll go to Pentapolis to celebrate their wedding, and we'll stay there to rule that kingdom for the rest of our lives.
OId John of Gaunt, well respected Lancaster : have you, according to your promise and duty, brought here your presumptuous son Henry Hereford to explain his case against the Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Mowbray, which at the time we didn't have time to hear?
I have, my liege .
Tell me, furthermore: have you asked him whether he accuses the duke because he has a grudge against him, or because like a good subject he has reason to suspect him of disloyalty?
As much as I could gather, he accuses the duke because he thinks he poses a threat to your highness, not for personal reasons.
May you reign many years in happiness, my gracious King, my most loving lord!
We thank you both: yet one merely flatters us, since you come to accuse one another of high treason .
Cousin of Hereford, what is your accusation against the Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Mowbray?
First, let heaven witness my speech!
I swear that I make this accusation as a devoted subject, concerned for the precious safety of my prince, and free from any other grudge or personal motive.
Pale trembling coward, there I throw my gage , abandoning here my royal blood it's fear, not respect, that makes you refuse to challenge me because I'm the king's cousin.
What crime do you accuse Mowbray of, cousin?
It must be very bad, if it can cause us to think any ill of him.
His determination soars to such heights!
Thomas of Norfolk, how do you respond to this?
Oh, I wish that my sovereign might turn away his face and be deaf for a little while, until I have told this villain how God and good men hate foul liars like him.
Then, Bolingbroke, I say that you lie from your heart through your throat.
I paid three fourths of the money I had for Calais to his highness' soldiers; the rest was given to me by prior agreement, since the king owed me money for my expenses when I last went to France to fetch his queen: so take back that lie.
As for Gloucester's death, I didn't kill him; although I admit I let down my sworn duty in that case.
To be a peacemaker is a fitting role for me, at my age: my son, throw down the Duke of Norfolk's gage.
And, Norfolk, throw down his.
Harry, when will you do what I command?
If you were an obedient son, I wouldn't need to ask again.
Norfolk, throw down, we command you; there's no point refusing.
My king, I throw myself at your feet.
You have power over my life, but not my honor: it's my duty to obey you, but my good name, even if you take my life, will not be dishonored by you in death.
I am disgraced, insulted, and slandered here, my soul pierced with the venomous spear of lies, which no medicine can cure except the blood of the man who has poisoned me.
Control your rage; give me his gage.
Cousin, put down your gage.
Oh god, defend my soul from such deep sin!
Shall I seem humbled in my father's sight?
Or disgrace my high rank and look like a fearful beggar before this coward?
Oh, the part of me that shared Woodstock's blood makes me long for revenge on his butchers even more than your cries of pain!
But since the power to take vengeance lies in the hands of the person who's responsible   , we have to take it up with heaven, which, when the time comes, will make everything right again.
Don't you have anything more to say?
He was your brother   is there any fire left in your old blood?
Where then can I go for help, if not to you?
To God, the champion and defender of widows.
Why, then, I will.
Goodbye, old Gaunt.
You go to Coventry to see our cousin Hereford and that evil Mowbray fight: oh, may Hereford's spear avenge my husband by stabbing Mowbray!
Or, if he's unlucky enough to miss, I hope Mowbray's sins sit so heavy in his heart that his horse's back breaks and throws its rider to the ground, so that he becomes my cousin Hereford's wretched prisoner.
Goodbye, sister; I must go to Coventry: I wish us both good fortune!
My Lord Aumerle, is Harry Hereford ready for battle?
Yes, entirely, he's eager to get on the battlefield.
The Duke of Norfolk, filled with rage, is awaiting the sound of the trumpet to summon him to battle.
Why, then, the champions are prepared, so we're just waiting for his majesty.
What is your name?
And why do you come here before King Richard in his royal lists ?
Whom are you here to oppose?
And what's your argument?
Speak like a true knight, so help you God!
On pain of death, no one should be so bold as to touch the king's lists except the marshal and the officers in charge.
The accuser greets your highness with all loyalty and respect, desiring to kiss your hand and say goodbye.
We will descend and embrace him.
Cousin of Hereford, if your cause is just, may you be victorious in this royal fight!
Farewell, my blood ; if that blood is shed today, we'll lament it, but we won't take revenge.
May God make you prosperous in your good cause!
Let Saint George and my innocence make me successful!
Goodbye, my lord: I see bravery and virtue in your eyes.
Order the fight, marshal, and begin.
Harry of Hereford, Lancaster and Derby, take your weapons, and may God defend whichever of you is truly innocent!
Strong as a tower in my hopes, I cry out "amen.  "
Go take this lance to Thomas, Duke of Norfolk.
Harry of Hereford, Lancaster and Derby, stands here for God, his sovereign and himself, to prove the Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Mowbray, a traitor to his God, his king and him, and if not to prove himself a false liar: he challenges Mowbray to fight.
Here stands Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk, both to defend himself and to prove Henry of Hereford, Lancaster, and Derby, disloyal to God, his sovereign and to him, and if not to prove himself a false liar: courageously and eagerly, he waits for the signal to begin.
Sound the trumpets, and combatants, come forward.
Come close to me, and hear what we've decided to do after consulting with our advisers.
Norfolk, there's a worse sentence for you, which I say with some regret: the slow hours will not bring you any closer to ending your banishment, for I order you never to return, upon pain of death.
It won't help you to try to make us feel sorry for you.
Then thus I turn away from my country's light, to live in dark shades of endless night.
Come back and take an oath.
I swear.
And I swear as well to abide by all these conditions.
No, Bolingbroke: if I've ever been a traitor, let my name be erased from the book of life, and I banished from heaven as I've been banished from here!
But what you are, God and I do know; and all too soon, I fear, the king will regret sparing you.
Goodbye, my liege.
Now there's no particular way I can go; all roads are open to me, except those leading back to England.
After six frozen winters have passed, come home from banishment  with my welcome.
How long a time lies in one little word!
Four long winters and four fresh springs end in a word: such is the power of a king's wishes.
Why, uncle, you have many years to live.
But not a minute, king, that you can give: you can shorten my days with sorrow and keep me up at night, but you can't give me a morning: you can help time to age me, but you can't stop wrinkles in their tracks: your word can make me die more quickly; but once I'm dead, all your kingdom couldn't make me breathe again.
Things that taste sweet are difficult to digest.
You asked my opinion as a judge, but I would rather you had asked me to argue as a father.
Oh, had it been a stranger, not my child, I would have gone easier on him; I tried to avoid looking prejudiced, but destroyed my own life in the process.
Cousin, farewell; and, uncle, say goodbye: he's banished six years, and he shall go.
Goodbye, cousin: what you can't tell me now, write to me.
My lord, I won't leave you now: I'll ride to the sea with you.
I have too few words of thanks, for I'm not eloquent enough to speak the pain in my heart.
Your grief is only your absence for a time.
Without joy, there is only grief.
What's six years?
They'll pass before you know it.
To happy people, perhaps; but grief makes one hour feel like ten.
Pretend you're taking a trip for pleasure.
Then think of this hard journey as a jewel box where you can set the precious stone of your return home.
No, rather, every tedious step I make will just remind me how far I'm going from the things I love.
But do I have to serve a long apprenticeship in foreign places, and in the end, having my freedom, have nothing else to say for myself but that I was a journeyman to grief?
Everywhere that God can reach is a safe haven to a wise man.
Tell yourself this: there is no virtue like necessity.
Think not that the king banished you, but instead that you banished the king.
Woe sits heavier where it perceives weakness.
Oh, who can hold a fire in his hand by thinking of the freezing Caucasus?
Or feel full when hungry by imagining a feast?
Or feel warm in December snow by imagining fantastic summer's heat?
Oh, no!
Come, come, my son, I'll bring you on your way: had I your youth and cause for anger, I would not stay.
Then, England's ground, farewell; sweet soil, goodbye; my mother, and my nurse, that still holds me!
We did observe  .
Cousin Aumerle, how far did you go with mighty Hereford on his journey?
I brought mighty Hereford  if you call him that  just to the next highway, and left him there.
And tell me, how many tears were shed when you left him?
What did our cousin say when you left him?
Well, he is gone, and these thoughts should go with him.
Bushy, what's the news?
Where is he?
At Ely House.
Well, God hopes the doctor will help him to his grave immediately!
The money in his coffers will pay for coats for our soldiers in these Irish wars.
Come, gentlemen, let's all go visit him: pray God we may get there quickly, but come too late !
Amen.
Will the king come, so that I may spend my last breath giving wholesome advice to his reckless youth?
Don't upset yourself, or waste your breath: it's no use giving him advice.
Oh, but they say people are more likely to listen to the last words of dying men: when words are few, they rarely miss their mark, for those who speak when they're close to death are always truthful.
The king is here: be gentle to this youth, since young horses only get angrier when shouted at.
How are you, noble uncle Lancaster?
Can you give us some comfort, York?
How is old Gaunt?
Oh, how that name fits me!
Old Gaunt indeed, and gaunt in being old: grief has made me lose my appetite, and the man who doesn't eat loses weight.
Can sick men make such amusing puns on their names?
No, I joke because I'm mocking my own misery: since you have tried to kill my family name by banishing my son, I mock my name to flatter you.
Should dying men flatter those that live?
No, no, living men flatter those that die.
But you, who are dying, say that you flatter me.
Oh, no!
You're dying, although I'm the sicker one.
I'm healthy, I breathe, and I see that you're sick.
A crazy dim witted fool, thinking that he can presume to criticize me just because he's ill  daring with his criticisms to make us turn pale , chasing the royal blood from our cheeks.
Oh, don't spare me, my brother Edward's son, because I'm the son of his father Edward ; you've already drained the family blood and drunkenly rolled around in it: I mean my brother Gloucester, a plain and well meaning soul now in heaven, sacrificed like the pelican.
My liege, old Gaunt sends greetings to your majesty.
What does he say?
Nothing; he's said all he can.
His tongue is now a stringless instrument; his words and his life are finished.
May I be next!
Death is hard, but it ends the struggles of our lives.
The ripest fruit falls first, and so does he; his time is over, so we must carry on his absence.
So much for that.
How long shall I be patient?
Ah, how long shall duty to my king make me allow wrongdoing?
Not Gloucester's death, nor Hereford's banishment, not Gaunt's criticisms, nor England's private injuries, nor poor Bolingbroke being prevented from marrying, nor my own disgrace has ever made me give a sour look or provoke one wrinkle on my sovereign's face.
Why, uncle, what's the matter?
Oh my liege, pardon me, if you please; if not, I will be content not to be pardoned.
Will you seize and grip into your hands all the rightful inheritance of banished Hereford?
Isn't Gaunt dead, and doesn't Hereford live?
Was not Gaunt fair, and is not Harry loyal?
Didn't Gaunt deserve to have an heir?
Is not his heir a well deserving son?
Take Hereford's rights away, and you take away ancient customs and rights: tomorrow won't come after today, and you won't be yourself  for how are you a king except by fair inheritance and succession ?
Now, before God  God forbid my prediction comes true!
if you wrongfully seize Hereford's rights, taking away his legal right to the income and honors of the dukedom of Lancaster, you bring a thousand dangers on your head, you lose a thousand hearts that would have been well disposed towards you, and you test my patience by bringing me to thoughts which honor and allegiance cannot allow me to think.
Go to the Earl of Wiltshire straight away, Bushy, and tell him to go to Ely House to see to this business.
Well, lords, the Duke of Lancaster is dead.
And living too; for now his son is duke.
But only in title, not in income.
He would be rich in both, if justice had its way.
I have much in my heart, but it must break with silence before I say what I think.
No, come out with it, and let him never speak again that betrays you by repeating what he hears!
Would you speak on behalf of the Duke of Hereford?
If it be so, come out with it boldly, man; I'm eager to hear those who speak good of him.
I can't do much good at all for him, unless you call it good to pity him for having lost his inheritance.
Now, before God, it is a shame that he, a royal prince, is wronged in this way, as are so many more of noble blood in this declining land.
He's taxed the common people so much that he has quite lost their love; he's fined the nobles too, for old quarrels, and quite lost their hearts.
Every day new taxes are invented, such as blanks , benevolences , and I know not what: but what, in God's name, will come of this?
He hasn't spent it on wars, for he hasn't fought any; instead, he makes compromises when his noble ancestors would have fought on the battlefield: he's spent more in peace than they spent in war.
The Earl of Wiltshire uses the realm like a farm.
The king's grown bankrupt, like a broken man.
Criticism and debauchery surround him.
He has no money for these Irish wars, even with all those heavy taxes, except by the robbing of the banished duke.
Who is his noble cousin  most wicked king!
We see the shipwreck that will come to us; there's no avoiding the danger now, for we will suffer the same.
Not so; even through the hollow eyes of death I can see life; but I dare not say how close we are to finding hope.
No, let us share your thoughts, as you do ours.
To horse, to horse!
Encourage those who are afraid.
If my horse holds out, I'll be the first there.
Madam, your majesty is sad too often: you promised, when you parted with the king, to lay aside depression and be cheerful.
To please the king I did, but to please myself I cannot do it.
It's nothing but your imagination, my gracious lady.
God save your majesty!
and greetings, gentlemen: I hope the king has not left for Ireland yet.
Why do you hope so?
One had better hope he is, for he's in a hurry, and his success against the rebels requires speed  so why do you hope he isn't gone yet?
Because then he, our hope, might have brought his army here and defeated our enemy's hopes  for banished Bolingbroke is back in England, and is safely arrived at Ravenspurgh with an army at his back.
Now God in heaven forbid!
Why have you not proclaimed Northumberland and all the rest of the rebels as traitors?
We have: and when we did so, the Earl of Worcester broke his staff and resigned his stewardship, and all the household servants went with him to Bolingbroke.
So, Green, you are the midwife to my sadness, and Bolingbroke is the child of my sorrow: now my soul has brought forth her offspring, and I, a gasping new mother, have joined my unborn sorrow with a real one.
Don't despair, madam.
Who shall stop me?
I will despair, and be an enemy to false hope: he is a flatterer, a parasite, and a keeper back of death  death, which would let us end our lives gently, when hope makes up live on and suffer.
Here comes the Duke of York.
If I did so, I would be lying: comfort's in heaven; and we are on the earth, where nothing lives but problems, cares and grief.
My lord, your son was gone before I came.
He was?
Why, then!
What will be will be!
The nobles are fled; the common people are cold and will, I fear, join Hereford's side.
Go to Plashy, to my sister Gloucester; tell her to send me a thousand pounds as soon as she can; wait, take my ring.
What is it, scoundrel?
An hour before I came, the duchess died.
God for his mercy!
What a tide of woes comes rushing on this sad land at once!
I don't know what to do: I wish to God, provided I hadn't done anything disloyal, the king had cut off my head with my brother's.
What, are there no messages sent to Ireland?
How will we have money for these wars?
Come, sister  cousin, I would say  pray, pardon me.
Go, man, go home, find some carts and bring us the armor that is there.
Gentlemen, will you go raise men for battle?
I don't know how or which way to order the disorderly affairs that have been thrust into my hands, believe me.
The wind is good to send messages to Ireland, but we've heard nothing back.
We can't raise an army the size of Bolingbroke's.
And the wavering common people are his enemies too: they love their wallets, and whoever takes money from them fills their hearts with deadly hate.
In that the king is condemned by everyone.
If they have power over us, we'll be condemned too, because we've been always near the king.
Well, I'll go to Bristol castle now for safety; the Earl of Wiltshire is already there.
I'll go there for you; for the common people won't do anything for us, except to tear us to pieces like dogs.
Will you go along with us?
No; I'll go to Ireland to his majesty.
Goodbye: if the heart can predict the future, the three of us will never meet again.
Unless York succeeds in beating back Bolingbroke.
Oh, poor duke!
His task is like counting the sands or drinking an ocean dry; where one fights for him, thousands will fly to the other side.
Goodbye at once, for once, forever.
Well, we may meet again.
I fear never.
How far is it, my lord, to Berkeley now?
My company is worth less than your good words.
But who comes here?
It is my son, young Harry Percy, sent by my brother Worcester, wherever he is.
Harry, how is your uncle?
I had thought, my lord, that I might hear about him from you.
Why, isn't he with the queen?
No, my good lord; he has left the court, broken his staff of office and dispersed the king's household.
What was his reason?
He wasn't on our side when we last spoke together.
Because your lordship was proclaimed a traitor.
Have you forgotten the Duke of Hereford, boy?
No, my good lord, for that would be to forget what I never remembered; to my knowledge, I've never seen him in my life.
Then learn to know him now; this is the duke.
My gracious lord, I offer you my service, such as it is, being tender, raw and young: when I'm older, I'll be more worthy of it.
How far is it to Berkeley?
And what business keeps good old York there with his soldiers?
There stands the castle, by that patch of trees, with three hundred men defending it, as I have heard; and in it are the Lords of York, Berkeley, and Seymour, but no other noblemen.
Welcome, my lords.
I know you follow a banished traitor: I can only give you thanks now, but soon you'll be rewarded for your efforts on my behalf.
Your presence makes us rich, most noble lord.
And is worth more than our labor to find you.
Eternal thanks, my poor man bankers; this richness must stand for my reward until my infant fortune inherits his due.
But who comes here?
I think it is my Lord of Berkeley.
My Lord of Hereford, my message is for you.
My lord, my answer can only come from my Lord of Lancaster ; I am here to seek that name in England; and you must call me by my proper title before I can reply to anything you say.
I won't need to talk to him through you; here comes his grace in person.
My noble uncle!
Show me your humble heart, and not your knee; you're only pretending to be dutiful.
My gracious uncle
Tut, tut!
Don't "grace" me or "uncle" me: I am no traitor's uncle; and the word "grace" in an ungracious mouth is just profanity.
Why have those banished and forbidden feet dared once to touch a dust of England's ground?
But then more "why?"
Why have they dared to march so many miles upon this peaceful land, frightening her pale faced villages with war and display of arms?
Do you come because the anointed king isn't here?
Why, foolish boy, the king is here; he appointed me his representative.
My gracious uncle, tell me what I've done wrong: what law have I broken and when?
You've broken the law in the worst way possible, in shameless rebellion detested treason: you are a banished man, but you came here before the end of your banishment, bearing arms against your sovereign.
When I was banished, I was banished as Hereford; but as I come, I come for Lancaster.
The noble duke has been too much abused.
Your grace is responsible for seeing justice done.
Low born men enrich themselves by his property.
An offer, uncle, that we will accept: but we must persuade your grace to go with us to Bristol castle, which they say is held by Bushy, Bagot and their accomplices  the caterpillars of the commonwealth, which I have sworn to weed and pluck away.
Stay yet another day, trusty Welshman: you're the king's last hope.
It's thought the king is dead; we will not wait.
Ah, Richard, with the eyes of a heavy heart I see your glory fall like a shooting star from the sky back down to earth.
Bring the men out.
The stroke of death is more welcome to me than Bolingbroke is to England.
Lords, goodbye.
My comfort is that heaven will take our souls, and that the unjust people who do this to us will suffer in hell.
My Lord Northumberland, see they are executed.
I've sent a servant to deliver her the letters explaining your continued love and affection for her.
Thanks, gentle uncle.
Do they call this place Barkloughly castle?
Yes, my lord.
How do you feel, now that you're on land again after that rough sea journey?
I feel much better: I weep for joy to stand upon my kingdom once again.
Dear earth, I touch you with my hand, even as rebels wound you with their horses' hoofs: just as a mother who's been separated from her child smiles and cries when they're reunited, so I greet you, my earth, both crying and smiling, and honor you with my royal hand.
Don't be afraid, my lord; God, who made you king, has the power to keep you king in spite of everything.
He means, my lord, that we should be doing more, since Bolingbroke grows stronger in power and arms through our lack of opposition.
Silly, gloomy cousin!
Welcome, my lord!
How far away is your army?
My weak arm, my gracious lord, is as close are you're going to get to an army: gloom guides my tongue and makes me speak of nothing but despair.
Returning one day too late, I'm afraid, noble lord, has ruined all your happy days on earth: oh, call back yesterday, tell time to run backwards, and you would have had twelve thousand men to fight for you!
Take comfort, my liege; why are you so pale?
Until now the blood of twenty thousand men made my cheeks red with triumph, but now they're gone; and until so much blood comes to me again, don't I have good reason to look pale and dead?
Be calm, my liege  remember who you are.
Yes, I had forgotten.
Aren't I the king?
Wake up, cowardly majesty!
You've been sleeping.
Isn't the king's name worth twenty thousand names?
Take up arms and fight for me, my name!
I wish you more health and happiness, my liege, than I can give you!
I'm listening and my heart is ready; the worst you can say is just loss on this earth.
Tell me, is my kingdom lost?
Well, it was my responsibility; and what loss is it to be rid of a burden?
Does Bolingbroke want to take my throne?
I'm glad that your highness is so prepared to handle my sad news.
They have indeed made peace with him, my lord.
Oh villains, vipers, damn them to hell!
Dogs, easily won to slobber over any man!
Snakes, nurtured in my own blood, that now sting my heart!
Three Judases, each one three times worse than Judas!
They want peace?
Let hell make war on their souls for this!
Are Bushy, Green, and the Earl of Wiltshire dead?
Yes, all of them lost their heads at Bristol.
Where is the duke my father with his army?
My lord, wise men never sit and wail with grief, but find ways to prevent more grief.
If you're afraid  since fear saps your strength  you give strength to your enemy by your weakness, and so fight against yourself.
Be afraid and you'll die; there's nothing worse than coming to a fight afraid, since to be afraid of dying is to make yourself a slave to death.
My father has an army; ask about him and learn to make a whole body from a single limb.
Men look at the sky and see what sort of a day it will be; so you can guess, by my sad and tearful eyes, that my tongue has another heavy tale to say.
You've said enough.
I hate you, cousin, for leading me out of that sweet way to despair!
What do you have to say now?
What comfort do we have now?
By heaven, I'll hate him forever that tells me to "be of comfort" anymore.
I'll go to Flint castle: there I'll waste away; a king, sorrow's slave, shall obey his sorrow.
My liege, one word
He wrongs me twice that wounds me with flattery.
Release my followers; let them all go free  from Richard's night to Bolingbroke's fair day.
So we hear that the Welshmen have abandoned him, and Salisbury went to meet the king, who recently landed with a few close friends upon this coast.
The news is very favorable and good, my lord: Richard is hiding not far from here.
Lord Northumberland should be more respectful and say "King Richard"; God forbid such a sacred king should have to hide.
Your grace has misunderstood me; I left his title out only to be brief.
There was a time when, if you had been so brief with him, he would have been so brief with you as to shorten your body by a head.
Careful, uncle  don't misunderstand me further than you should.
I know it, uncle, and would not oppose myself against the will of heaven.
But who's here now?
Welcome, Harry: what, won't this castle surrender?
The castle is royally defended against your entrance, my lord.
Royally!
Why, since it contains no king?
Yes, my good lord, it does contain a king; King Richard is inside those lime and stone walls, and with him are the Lord Aumerle, Lord Salisbury, Sir Stephen Scroop, and a clergyman whose name I can't find out.
Oh, no doubt it is the Bishop of Carlisle.
God forbid that we should threaten our lord the king with such violence!
No, my good lord; let's fight with gentle words, and wait it out until our friends can come to our aid with their swords.
Northumberland returns with a message from Bolingbroke.
What does the king have to do now?
Must he submit?
The king shall do it.
My lord, he waits to speak with you in the lower courtyard, if you'll come down.
Down, down I come, like glittering Phaethon , unable to manage his unruly horses.
In the lower courtyard?
Lower courtyard, where kings are made low, coming when a traitor calls and acting respectful to him.
In the lower courtyard?
Come down?
Down, court!
Down, king!
For it's night when it should be day.
What does his majesty say?
His sorrow and grief make him sound unhinged  but he's here.
Everyone make way, and show respect to his majesty.
My gracious lord
My gracious lord, I come only for what belongs to me.
Your own is yours, and I am yours, and everything.
Let it be mine, my most noble lord, only as my true service deserves your love.
Oh, you deserve: they deserve who know the strongest and best way to get what they want.
Uncle, give me your hands: no, dry your eyes; tears show their love, but won't fix anything.
Cousin, I am too young to be your father, though you are old enough to be my heir.
What you want, I'll give you willingly, for we must do what force compels us to do.
We'll go to London, cousin, isn't that so?
Yes, my good lord.
Then I must not say no.
What game should we play in this garden, to distract ourselves from our sad thoughts?
Madam, bowling!
That will make me think the world is full of rubs , and that the ball is weighted against me.
Madam, we'll dance.
Madam, we'll tell stories.
Happy or sad?
Either, madam.
Madam, I'll sing.
I'm pleased that you feel like singing, but it would please me better if you cried.
I would cry, madam, if it would do you good.
And I could sing, if crying did me any good, and you wouldn't need to cry at all.
But wait, here come the gardeners: let's hide in the shadow of these trees.
Oh, God, I bet they'll talk about politics, for everyone does when they expect a change in government; sorrow is a sign that there's more sorrow to come.
Go, tie up those dangling apricots, which overburden their parent tree with their weight, like unruly children  give some support to the bending twigs.
What, are they dead?
They are; and Bolingbroke has imprisoned the wasteful king.
Oh, it's a pity that he didn't manage his land as we take care of this garden!
What, so you think the king will be deposed, then?
Well, he's been cast down already, so it seems likely that he'll be deposed: letters came last night to a dear friend of the good Duke of York's, telling bad news.
Oh, I'll die if I don't reply!
You, old man  who, like Adam, are commanded to tend this garden  how dare you talk about this sad news so rudely?
What Eve, what serpent, has persuaded you to make man fall a second time?
Why do you say King Richard is deposed?
Do you dare  since you're little better than dust   to predict his downfall?
Say, where, when, and how you heard this news?
Speak, you fool.
Forgive me, madam: I am sad to say it, but what I say is true.
Poor queen!
I would take that curse, if only it would help you.
Tell Bagot to come in.
Then tell the Lord Aumerle to look me in the face.
Cousin, come forward and look at this man.
My Lord Aumerle, I know you’ll be ashamed to take back what you said before.
Princes and noble lords, how can I respond to this villain?
Will I dishonor myself by getting angry at him, descending to his level?
But I must do that, or have my honor soiled by his lies.
This is my gage, which will seal your death sentence and send you to hell: I call you a liar, and will prove it by defeating you in battle, although your blood isn’t noble enough to stain my sword.
Bagot, wait; don’t pick it up.
I wish Bagot had a higher rank except yours, of course  so that he'd be worth fighting.
If you’re braver with a man of your own rank, here’s my gage, Aumerle: by the sun that shines on us, I hear you say and you said it boastingly that you were responsible for noble Gloucester's death.
Even if you deny it twenty times, you’re still a liar; and I’ll stab you in your lying heart.
You wouldn’t dare, coward.
I wish we could fight this very hour.
Fitzwater, you are damned to hell for this.
Who else comes after me?
By God, I’ll beat you all; I have a thousand spirits in my heart and could answer twenty thousand challenges.
My Lord Fitzwater, I remember the time you and Aumerle talked of these matters.
That’s true; you were there, and can testify that what I say is true.
It’s as false, by heaven, as heaven is true.
Surrey, you lie.
Dishonorable boy!
You’re foolishly spurring on, I see!
That honorable day will never be seen.
What, bishop, is Norfolk dead?
He is as dead as I am alive, my lord.
May his soul rest in peace with good old Abraham in heaven!
Lords, your challenges will wait until we assign a day for the duel.
In God's name, I'll ascend the royal throne.
Indeed.
God forbid!
I know my words may not be welcome, but I must speak the truth.
You’ve argued well, sir and in return, we arrest you here for capital treason.
My Lord of Westminster, keep him under guard until his trial.
My lords, may it please you to grant the request from the House of Commons.
I'll bring him.
Lords, you who are here under arrest, put up your bail for your trial days.
I owe nothing to your love, and will hardly turn to you for help when I need it.
Oh, why does the new king bring me here before I have shook off my own regal thoughts?
I haven’t yet learned to flatter, bow, and bend my limbs: give me some time to learn how to submit.
And yet I remember the tokens of respect from these men: were they not my subjects?
Did they not sometimes shout “all hail” to me?
Give me the crown.
I thought you were willing to resign.
I’m willing to resign my crown, but my sadness is still mine: you may take my crown and my kingdom from me, but not my sadness: I’m still king of that.
But you give me part of your cares with your crown.
Just because you have more cares doesn’t mean I have fewer.
Will you freely give me the crown?
Yes no no yes : for I must be nothing, therefore no “no,” and I must surrender to you.
Do I have to?
Do I have to read out everything I’ve done wrong ?
Kind Northumberland, if your offences were on the record, wouldn’t you feel ashamed to read them all out?
My lord, come on; read the list.
My lord
Go, some of you, and get a mirror.
Read this list while we wait for the mirror.
Devil, torturing me even before I've come to hell!
Don't ask him anymore, my lord Northumberland.
The commons won't be satisfied, then.
Give me the mirror, and I’ll read from that.
No deeper wrinkles yet?
Has sorrow struck so many blows against my face and not left any deeper wounds?
Oh, the mirror flatters me, like my old courtiers, lying to me!
Was this the face that every day under his household roof kept ten thousand servants?
Was this the face that, like the sun, blinded people who looked at it?
Was this the face that faced so many follies, and was at last out faced by Bolingbroke?
I see a fragile glory shining in this face, and the face is fragile too.
For there it is, cracked in a hundred pieces.
See, silent king, what I mean by this: my sorrow has destroyed my face.
The shadow of your sorrow has destroyed the shadow of your face.
Say that again?
Name it, fair cousin.
Yet ask.
And shall I have what I ask?
You shall.
Then give me permission to go.
Where?
Wherever you want, as long as I'm out of your sight.
Go, some of you, and convey him to the Tower.
Oh, good!
Convey?
You’re all conveyers, taking advantage of a true king’s fall to raise yourselves up.
Next Wednesday will be our coronation; lords, prepare yourselves.
We’ve seen a sad scene here.
You holy clergymen, can’t we do something to rid the kingdom of him?
What, is my Richard transformed and weakened in shape and mind?
Has Bolingbroke deposed your intellect?
Has he been in your heart?
A king of beasts, indeed; if they had been nothing but beasts, I would still be a happy king of men.
Good old queen, prepare to go to France: imagine that I’m dead, and that here you’re saying goodbye to me on my deathbed.
My lord, Bolingbroke has changed his mind: you must go to Pomfret, not to the Tower.
Well, on my own head be it, and that’s it.
Say goodbye; you have to go now.
Doubly divorced!
Bad men, you’ve broken two marriages, one between my crown and me, and then between me and and my married wife.
Let me unkiss the oath between you and me and yet no, since we made it with a kiss.
And must we be divided?
Do we have to leave each other?
Yes, hand from hand, my love, and heart from heart.
Banish us both and send the king with me.
That would be nice of us, but hardly politically sensible.
Then wherever he goes, let me go with him.
So the two of us will cry together.
Cry for me in France, and I’ll cry for you here; better to be as far away from me as possible.
Go, count your journey with sighs, I’ll count mine with groans.
The longest journey will have the longest moans of grief.
I’ll groan twice for every step, since my journey is short, and go with a heavy heart.
Give me my heart back again; I can’t be responsible for killing your heart.
So, now I have my heart again, be gone, so that I can kill it with a groan.
We’re making a fool of sorrow with all this delaying; goodbye, once more, and let sorrow say the rest.
My lord, you told me you would tell the rest of the story of how our two cousins came into London, since crying made you stop.
Where was I?
At the sad place, my lord, where people threw dust and garbage on King Richard’s head from the windows.
Oh, poor Richard!
Where did he ride?
Here comes my son Aumerle.
Welcome, my son; who are the violets now that celebrate the new spring?
Madam, I don’t know, and I don’t care: I would rather be nothing than one of them.
Well, behave yourself in this new spring, lest you be cropped before your time.
What’s the news from Oxford?
Did they hold the jousts?
For all I know, my lord, they do.
You will be there, I know.
If God doesn’t prevent me from going, I plan to be there.
What’s that letter you have?
Why do you look so pale?
Let me see it.
My lord, it's nothing.
Then it shouldn’t matter who sees it; I will be satisfied in this.
I ask your grace to forgive me; it’s a letter of no importance, which for some reasons I don't want you to see.
Which for some reasons, sir, I will see.
I fear, I fear
What should you be afraid?
It’s nothing but some receipt for his clothes on the tournament day.
Bound to himself?
Why would he have a receipt, if he hasn't paid yet?
Wife, you’re a fool.
Boy, let me see the letter.
I beg you, forgive me; I can’t show you.
I will be satisfied; let me see it, I order you.
Treason!
Foul treason!
Villain!
Traitor!
Slave!
What is the matter, my lord?
Hey!
Who's inside?
Saddle my horse.
God have mercy, what treachery is here!
Why, what is it, my lord?
Give me my boots, I tell you; saddle my horse.
Now, by my honor, by my life, and by my word, I'll turn in the villain.
What's the matter?
Be quiet, foolish woman.
I will not be quiet.
What is the matter, Aumerle?
Good mother, don't ask any more questions; my life will have to answer for it.
Your life answer for it!
Bring me my boots; I'm going to the king.
Hit him, Aumerle.
Poor boy, you’re shocked.
Go away, villain!
Never come into my sight again.
Give me my boots, I tell you.
Why, York, what will you do?
Will you not hide the crime of your own child?
Do we have any other sons?
Are we likely to have any more?
Aren’t I too old?
And will you take my fair son away from me in my old age, robbing me of the name of a happy mother?
Isn’t he like you?
Isn’t he your own?
You too fond crazy woman, will you hide this dark plot?
He won’t be a part of it; we’ll keep him here.
Get away from me, fond woman!
If he were twenty times my son, I would still turn him in.
If you had suffered for him in childbirth as I have, you would be more sympathetic.
Get out of my way, unruly woman!
After him, Aumerle!
Get on his horse, ride fast, and get to the king before him to beg his pardon before he’s accused you.
Can’t anyone tell me where my wasteful son has gone?
I haven’t seen him for three months; if we have a plague, it’s him.
My lord, I saw the prince about two days ago, and told him about the tournament happening at Oxford.
And what did the young man say?
He said he would go to the slums and take a glove from a beggar, and wear it as a favor, and with that would defeat the champion in a joust.
Foolish and out of control; yet even so, I see some sparks of something better which might come out when he’s older.
But who’s here now?
Where is the king?
What's wrong with you  why do you look so wild?
God save your grace!
I beg you to give me some time to talk to you alone.
Leave us alone.
What is the matter with our cousin now?
May my knees grow into the earth and my tongue stick to roof of my mouth, unless you pardon me before I stand up or speak.
Then let me lock the door, so that no one can come in until I've explained myself.
As you wish.
My liege, beware; protect yourself; you have a traitor in there with you.
Villain, I know how to protect myself.
Wait, don't draw your sword; you have no reason to be afraid.
What’s the matter, uncle?
Read this, and you’ll know about the treason that I’m too out of breath to explain.
Your heart was with them even before you signed this.
Oh, horrible plot!
Oh, loyal father of a treacherous soon!
My virtue will pay for his vice, then, so that he can spend my honor with his shame, like a spendthrift son who steals his father’s money.
Are you there, my liege?
For God’s sake, let me in.
What shrill voiced petitioner is shouting at us?
A woman, and your aunt, great king: it's me.
Speak with me, take pity on me, open the door.
I'm a beggar that's never begged before.
This scene now looks less like a serious thing, and more like "The Beggar and the King.  "
My dangerous cousin, let your mother in: I know she's come to pray that I forgive you for your crime.
If you forgive him, whoever prays against it, bad things will come of it.
If you cut off this diseased limb, the rest of the body will live; but if you leave it, it will poison you.
Oh king, don't believe this hard hearted man!
You crazy woman, what are you doing here?
Shall your old breasts wean another traitor?
Sweet York, shut up.
Listen to me, gentle liege.
Get up, good aunt.
Not yet, I beseech you: I'll stay on my knees forever and never have a happy day in my life, until you give me joy again by pardoning Rutland, my son, who has offended you.
I kneel to add my pleas to my mother's.
I kneel against them with my loyal joints!
It won't go well for you, if you grant any forgiveness!
Do you think he really means it?
Good aunt, stand up.
No, don't say "stand up"; say "pardon" first, and "stand up" afterwards.
If I were your nurse teaching you your first words, "pardon" would be the first word you knew.
I never wanted to hear any word so much; say "pardon," king, and let pity teach you how: the word is short, but short is sweet, and no word is better to hear from a king.
Speak it in French, king; say, 'pardonne moi.  '
Are you trying to ruin this?
Oh, my bitter husband, my hard  hearted lord, to set our words against yours!
Say "pardon" as we do it in our country; we don't understand French.
Your eye begins to say it; may your tongue say it too; or put your heart in your ear, so that, hearing our prayers, it might take pity on us and command your mouth to say the words.
Good aunt, stand up.
I don't beg to stand; I only ask for pardon.
I pardon him, as God shall pardon me.
Oh, happy outcome from my kneeling!
With all my heart I pardon him.
You're a god on earth.
But as for our trusty brother in law and the abbot, they'll be destroyed with the rest of the plotters.
Good uncle, help us send an army to Oxford, or wherever the traitors are: they won't live much longer if I can help it, once we find them.
Uncle, goodbye, and cousin too; your mother has begged well for you, so be loyal going forward.
Come on, my old son; I hope God makes you new.
Didn't you hear what the king said: "Don't I have a friend that will rid me of this living fear?"
Didn't he say so?
That's what he said.
"Don't I have a friend?"
he said; he said it twice, and asked it twice, didn't he?
He did.
And saying it, he looked at me as if he meant to say, "I wish you were the man to rid me of the thing that makes me afraid," referring to the king at Pomfret.
Come on, let's go; I'm the king's friend, and will destroy his enemy.
Ha, ha!
Keep time: sweet music is sour when it doesn't stay on beat!
This is true as well in the music of men's lives.
But while here I have a good enough ear to notice when time is broken in a song, when I was king I couldn't hear my own time break.
Hail, royal prince!
I was a poor groom of your stable, king  when you were king, that is  and on my way to York I got permission to stop here and see the man who used to be my royal master.
Oh, it broke my heart on coronation day to see Bolingbroke ride through the streets of London on Barbary, the horse that you used to ride and that I would so carefully saddle for you!
So he rode on Barbary?
Tell me, kind friend, how did the horse take to him?
Very proudly, as if he had contempt for the ground beneath his feet.
So proud that Bolingbroke was on his back!
Man, go away; you can't stay here any longer.
If you love me, it's time for you to go.
My heart will show what I can't tell you with words.
My lord, will you eat?
Taste it first, as you always do.
You and Henry of Lancaster should both go to the devil!
I'm tired of being patient.
Help, help, help!
What's happening?
Is death coming for me?
Villain, I'll take the weapon that would kill me from your own hands.
Go and fill another room in hell.
The hand that kills me will burn in hell forever.
Exton, you've stained the land with its own king's blood.
Go up to heaven, my soul!
Your place is up there, while my body sinks downward to die.
He's as full of bravery as he is of royal blood  and I've killed both.
Kind uncle York, the latest news is that the rebels have set the town of Cicester in Gloucestershire on fire; but we don't know whether they've been captured or killed.
Welcome, my lord.
First, I wish you all happiness in your sacred position.
The next news is that I've sent the decapitated heads of Oxford, Salisbury, Blunt, and Kent to London; how I captured them is described in this paper.
We thank you, gentle Percy, for your efforts; we'll reward you well for this.
My lord, from Oxford I've sent the heads of Brocas and Sir Bennet Seely to London  they were two of the dangerous traitors that plotted against you.
Your actions won't be forgotten, Fitzwater; I know that you deserve rewards.
Exton, I don't thank you; for you have done a scandalous deed that will make me look guilty in the eyes of the world.
I did this because you asked me to with your own words, my lord.
Now the winter of our troubles has been transformed into glorious summer by the ascension of my brother, King Edward IV, son of the house of York.
His Majesty was so concerned for my personal safety that he appointed this escort to conduct me to the Tower.
You're being arrested?
Because my name is George.
Alas, my lord, that's no fault of yours.
Yes, Richard, I'll inform you when I know  but right now I have no idea.
Well, this is what happens when men are ruled by women.
It isn't the king who's sending you to the Tower it's his wife, Lady Elizabeth Grey.
She's the one who persuaded him to take such an extreme action.
By heaven, I think the only people who are safe are the queen's relatives, and the secret messengers who travel between the king and his mistress, Jane Shore.
Didn't you hear how Lord Hastings had to beg Miss Shore in order to get released?
Yes, Lord Hastings gained his liberty by humbly bowing down to that goddess .
I'll tell you what: if we want to stay in the king's favor, it would be best if we act like Miss Shore's servants too.
Ever since our brother declared that Miss Shore and the queen are nobility, they've become great gossips in the court.
I beg your pardon, your Graces.
His Majesty the king has strictly ordered that no one can speak privately with your brother Clarence, no matter their social rank.
Is that so?
If it please your Worship , Brakenbury, you can listen to anything we say.
We're not plotting any treason, man.
We say that the king is wise and virtuous, and his noble queen is well advanced in years, beautiful, and not jealous.
I have naught to do with this, my lord.
"Naught" to do with Miss Shore?
I tell you, fellow, there's only one man who can do "naught" with her.
Who is that, my lord?
Her husband, fool.
Are you going to tell on me?
I beg your Grace to forgive me, and now please stop talking to the Duke of Clarence.
We know your orders, Brakenbury.
We are the queen's lowly subjects, and we must obey.
Farewell, brother.
I will go to the king and do whatever you need me to do to get you released, even if it means calling King Edward's wife "sister.  "
And just so you know, our brother's disgraceful conduct towards you upsets me more than you can imagine.
I know it doesn't make either of us very happy.
Well, your imprisonment won't be for long.
I'll free you, or else go to prison in your place.
In the meantime, have patience.
I have no choice in the matter.
Farewell.
Go, walk down the path from which you'll never return.
Stupid, plain Clarence, I love you so much that I'll soon send your soul to heaven  if heaven will accept any presents from me.
But who's this coming?
The newly released Hastings?
Good day to you, my gracious lord.
And the same to you, my good Lord Chamberlain .
Welcome back to the open air.
How have you tolerated imprisonment?
With patience, as all prisoners must, noble lord.
But I will live to thank those who imprisoned me, my lord, by taking revenge.
It's a pity that the eagles should be caged while the buzzards are free to hunt.
What's the news from outside the country?
There's no foreign news as bad as the news at home: the king is sickly, weak, and depressed, and his physicians fear for his life.
By Saint Paul, that is bad news indeed.
Oh, the king has kept many bad habits all his life, and now they've consumed his health.
It's very sad to think about.
Where is he, in his bed?
He is.
Then you go ahead, and I will follow you.
Set down, set down your honorable load, men if honor can be shrouded in a coffin while I solemnly mourn the early death of virtuous Henry .
Stop, you who bear that corpse, and set down your load.
What evil magician has conjured up this devil to interrupt our sacred burial procession?
You base men, set down the corpse or, I swear by Saint Paul, I'll make corpses out of you.
My lord, stand back and let the coffin pass.
Rude dog, halt when I command you to!
And raise your weapon so it isn't pointing at my chest, or, by Saint Paul, I'll strike you down and trample on you for your boldness, you beggar.
What, do you tremble at the sight of him?
Are you all afraid?
Alas, I don't blame you, for you're only mortal, and mortal eyes can't stand to look at the devil.
Go away, you dreadful servant of hell.
You only had power over Henry's body; you can't have his soul.
So go away.
Sweet saint, for goodness's sake, don't be so harsh.
Lady, you don't know the rules of charity, which transforms evil into good, and curses into blessings.
Villain, you don't know the laws of God or man.
Even the fiercest beast has a touch of pity.
But I have no pity, so I must not be a beast.
Oh, how amazing to hear a devil tell the truth!
It's more amazing that an angel should be so angry.
You divinely perfect woman, please allow me to clear myself of these crimes of which you've accused me.
You shapeless plague of a man, please allow me to curse your cursed self for the crimes I know you've committed.
You who are more beautiful than words can say, give me some time and let me explain myself.
You who are more awful than any heart could believe, the only explanation you can give is to go hang yourself.
Such an act of despair would prove my guilt.
And such an act of despair would be a worthy act of revenge against yourself for slaughtering innocents.
Let's say that I didn't kill them.
Then we might as well say that they aren't dead.
But, you devilish scoundrel, they are dead, and you killed them.
I did not kill your husband.
Well then, he must be alive.
No, he is dead, and Edward killed him.
You're lying through your teeth.
Queen Margaret saw your murderous sword steaming with his blood  the same
I was provoked by her lying tongue, which tried to lay guilt on my guiltless shoulders.
No, you were provoked by your own bloody mind, which never thinks about anything but butchery.
Did you kill this king?
Yes, I'll grant you that.
You'll grant me, you hedgehog?
Then let God grant me my wish that you'll be damned for that wicked deed.
Oh, Henry was gentle, mild, and virtuous.
All the better for God, who has him now.
Yes, he's in heaven, where you will never go.
And you're not suited for any place but hell.
Yes, though I'm also suited for one other place, if you'll let me name it.
Some dungeon.
Your bedroom.
There will be no rest in any bedroom where you lie!
That's true, madam, until I sleep with you.
I hope so because then you'll never sleep.
I know so.
You are both the cause and the dreadful effect.
No, your beauty was the cause of my deeds your beauty that haunted my sleep, and could have convinced me to kill the whole world to have just an hour of intimacy with you.
If I believed you, murderer, then I tell you that I would scratch the beauty from my cheeks with my fingernails.
I couldn't stand to see you ruin your beauty.
I would stop you if you tried to blemish it.
Your beauty encourages me like the sun encourages the whole world.
Your beauty is my day, my life.
Then may black night overshadow your day, and death take your life.
Beautiful lady, don't curse yourself, since you are both my day and my life.
It's unnatural to want to take revenge on the man who loves you.
It's just and reasonable to want to take revenge on the man who killed my husband.
Lady, the man who robbed you of your husband did it to help you find a better husband.
There is no better man on earth than my husband.
But there is one man who loves you better than your husband could.
Name him.
Plantagenet.
Yes, that's my husband's name.
I mean someone with the same name, but a better personality.
Where is he?
Right here.
I wish my spit were deadly poison.
Poison never came from so sweet a place.
Poison never fell onto a fouler toad.
Get out of my sight!
You're infecting my eyes.
Sweet lady, your eyes have infected mine with love.
I wish they were basilisks , so they could strike you dead.
Stand up, liar.
Though I wish you were dead, I won't be your executioner.
Then tell me to kill myself, and I will do it.
I have already.
You said it in a rage.
Say it again, and as soon as you finish speaking, my hand  which killed your lover out of love for you  will kill your far truer lover.
You will be the cause of both these deaths.
I wish I knew what was in your heart.
The same thing that was in my words.
I fear that both your heart and your words are false.
Then no man has ever been an honest man.
Very well, then.
Then say that you'll accept me.
You'll know about that later.
But should I live in hope?
I hope that all men live in hope.
Consent to wear this ring.
To take is not to give.
What is it?
I'll do it with all my heart, and it pleases me to see how remorseful you've become.
Tressel and Berkeley, come along with me.
Bid me farewell.
Sirs, take up the corpse.
Towards Chertsey, noble lord?
No, towards Whitefriars Monastery.
Wait for me there.
Have patience, madam.
There's no doubt that his Majesty, King Edward, will soon recover his health.
And if you're visibly worried, you'll make him worse.
So for God's sake, let us comfort you, and then you can cheer up his Majesty with your lively, happy mood.
If he were dead, what would happen to me?
No harm would come to you but the loss of such a husband.
The loss of such a husband includes all kinds of harm.
The heavens have blessed you with a good son, who will comfort you when the king is gone.
Ah, but he is young, and while he's young he is still in the care of Richard, the Duke of Gloucester  a man who loves neither me nor any of you.
Has it been declared that Richard will be Protector ?
Here comes the lords of Buckingham, and Derby.
Good day to you, your royal Grace.
May God make your Majesty as happy as you once were.
My good Lord Stanley, the countess Richmond would hardly agree and say "amen" to you prayer.
But even though she's your wife and doesn't like me, you can be assured, good lord, that I don't hate you for her proud arrogance.
Did you see the king today, Lord Stanley?
The Duke of Buckingham and I are just coming now from a visit to his Majesty.
What are the chances of his recovery, lords?
There is good hope, madam.
The king seems cheerful.
May God grant him health.
Did you speak with him?
Yes, madam.
I wish that all were well but that will never be.
I fear that our good fortune has reached its peak.
They're abusing me, and I won't endure it!
Who has been complaining to the king that I am harsh and don't like them?
By Saint Paul, whoever is worrying the king with these treacherous rumors doesn't love him very much.
Just because I cannot flatter and look handsome, smile in men's faces, ingratiate myself, lie and cheat, and bow like a pretentious Frenchman, people assume that I'm a foul enemy.
Can't a plain man live, wishing no harm on anyone, without his words being twisted like this by slick, sly, slithering lowlifes?
Which of us are you referring to, your Grace?
To you, who have neither honesty nor grace.
When have I injured you?
When have I done you any wrong?
Or you?
Or you?
Or any of you and your supporters?
Curse you all!
The king whom I hope God will preserve better than you'd like can hardly catch his breath before you start troubling him with your wicked complaints.
My brother in law of Gloucester, you're mistaken.
I can't tell what's going on.
The world has grown so bad that little wrens now live where eagles dare not perch.
Since every peasant has become a nobleman, there are now many noblemen who've been turned into peasants.
Come, come, I know what you're referring to, brother in law Richard.
You're jealous of my friends' rise in rank, and of my own.
May God grant that I never need your help.
But in the meantime God grants that I need your help.
I swear by the God who raised me up to this anxious height from the contented life I used to enjoy I never provoked the king's anger against the Duke of Clarence.
Then I'm sure you'll also deny that you were the cause of Lord Hastings' recent imprisonment
She may deny it, my lord, for
Yes, she may, Lord Rivers.
Why, everyone knows that she may.
And she may do more than just denying that, sir.
She may help you to many nice promotions and then deny that she aided you, claiming that you won those honors through your own merit.
What may she not do?
She may, yes, by God , she may
What, by God, may she do?
What, by God, may she do?
She may marry a king, a bachelor, a handsome young man.
Certainly, your grandmother had a worse match.
My Lord of Gloucester, for too long I've suffered your blunt insults and your bitter scorn.
By heaven, I will tell the king about the vile taunts I've endured.
I would rather be a country servant maid than a great queen in such a situation to be so taunted, scorned, and attacked.
And may her joy be even less than that, God!
Elizabeth's honor, rank, and throne all rightly belong to me.
What, are you threatening me that you'll tell the king?
Go ahead and tell him, and don't spare any details.
You devil!
I remember those efforts all too well: you killed my husband Henry in the Tower, and my poor son Edward at Tewkesbury.
And during all that time, you and your first husband, Sir John Grey, were fighting for the house of Lancaster.
And, Rivers, so were you.
Wasn't your first husband killed in Queen Margaret's battle at Saint Albans?
You were a murderous villain, and you still are.
Poor Clarence abandoned his father in law Warwick , yes, and broke his own oath may Jesus pardon him!
And may God take revenge on him!
Hurry on to hell then, and leave this world, you evil spirit!
Hell is where your true kingdom is.
My Lord of Gloucester, in those busy days, we were just following our lord, our rightful king  which you now bring up to prove that we're your enemies.
And we would follow you in just the same way, if you were our king.
If I were king?
I would rather be a peddler.
Far be it for me to ever think of being king.
You foul, wrinkled witch, what are you doing here?
Just trying to redo what you have undone.
I will do that much before I let you go.
Weren't you banished on pain of death?
I was, but banishment is more painful to me than dying here at home.
God is just, and he rewards the innocent.
Oh, killing that child, Rutland, was the foulest, most merciless deed that was ever heard of!
Even tyrants wept when they heard about it.
Everyone knew that there would be revenge for it.
Even Northumberland, who was there, wept to see it.
What, weren't you all snarling at each other before I came   about to jump at each others' throats like dogs?
Enough of your witchcraft, you hateful, withered hag.
And leave you out, Richard?
Stay, dog, for you must hear me out.
Margaret.
Richard!
Yes?
I didn't call you.
I beg your pardon, then  for I thought you had called me all those bitter names.
Why, so I did.
But I didn't want any reply from you.
I've already finished it.
It ends in "Margaret.  "
See, you've only cursed yourself.
You false prophet, stop your frantic curses before we lose our patience and cause you harm.
Foul shame on you I've already lost my patience with you all.
If you got what you deserved, you would be taught to show some respect.
If I got what I deserved, you would all be showing me respect I would be your queen, and you would be my subjects.
Oh, give me what I deserve, then  and teach yourselves some respect!
Don't try to argue with her.
Quiet, Master Marquess, you're being impudent.
Your noble title is so newly minted that its not even legal yet.
Oh, that your recent nobility could understand what it means to be lost and miserable!
Those who are very high up must be shaken by many blasts of wind.
Good advice, by God.
Listen and learn, Marquess.
It applies to you as much as to me, my lord.
Yes, and even more so.
And turning the sun into shadow.
Quiet, quiet have some shame at least, if you can't be kind.
Don't preach about kindness or shame to me.
You have been unkind to me, and have shamefully butchered my hopes.
Enough, enough.
Oh, princely Buckingham, I'll kiss your hand as a sign of my support and friendship.
May only good things come to you and your noble family!
Your clothes are not stained with my family's blood, and so you don't fall under my curse.
No, I believe that they rise up to heaven and awaken God from his gentle, peaceful sleep.
Oh, Buckingham, watch out for that dog Richard there!
When he flatters, he bites, and when he bites, his poisonous teeth Have naught to do with him.
What does she say, my lord of Buckingham?
Nothing that I respect, my gracious lord.
What, will you scorn me for my friendly advice, and comfort the devil that I'm warning you about?
Oh, you will remember this, when one day he splits your heart in two with sorrow.
My hair stands on end when I hear her curses.
So does mine.
I wonder why she's not in prison.
I cannot blame her.
I never did her any wrong, to my knowledge.
But you've reaped all the benefits from her suffering.
I was too eager in helping Edward to the throne, and now he seems to have forgotten my deeds.
Well, as for Clarence, he is being well repaid for his pains shut in a pigsty to be fattened up and slaughtered.
May God pardon those responsible.
That's very virtuous and Christian of you to pray for those who have harmed us.
Madam, his Majesty asks for you and for you, Duke of Gloucester and for you, my gracious lords.
I will go now, Catesby.
Lords, will you go with me?
We will attend you, your Grace.
I commit the crimes, and I start the quarrels.
I do wicked things in secret, and then lay the blame on others.
Good thinking.
I have it on me here.
When you're done, go to Crosby Place.
Tut, tut, my lord, we won't stand around and chat.
Talkers are not good doers.
Rest assured that we go to use our hands, not our tongues.
You remain stone faced when fools' eyes drop tears.
I like you lads.
Go about your business right away.
Go, go, get to it.
We will, my noble lord.
Why do you look so sad today, your Grace?
What was your dream, my lord?
Please tell me.
Did you really have so much time to examine the secrets of the deep while you were dying?
Didn't you wake up during all this agony?
No, no, my dream continued after I died.
Oh, then the real storm of my soul began!
I passed over the river of death with the help of Charon, the ferryman of the underworld, and I entered the kingdom of perpetual night.
The first soul to greet me there was my great father in law, the Earl of Warwick, who cried aloud, "What terrible punishment for oath breaking can this dark kingdom inflict on that false Clarence?"
It's no surprise that it frightened you, my lord.
I'm afraid just hearing you tell it.
Ah, jailer, jailer, I did all those things that the ghosts accused me of  and my crimes are now giving evidence against my soul.
I did them all for King Edward's sake, and now see how he thanks me.
I will, my lord.
May God give you good rest.
Sorrow breaks natural rhythms and interrupts sleep, making night into morning and noon into night.
Hey, who's there?
What do you want, man?
And how did you get here?
I want to speak with Clarence, and I came here on my legs.
It's better to be blunt than to be long winded, sir.
Let him see our warrant, and don't say anything.
This warrant commands me to deliver the noble Duke of Clarence into your hands.
I won't ask what this means, for I'd rather not know about something that might make me guilty later.
There's the duke, sleeping, and here are the keys.
I'll go to the king and tell him that I've handed over my prisoner to you.
You may do that, sir.
It's a wise idea.
Farewell.
Well, should I stab him as he sleeps?
No.
When he wakes up he'll say that we killed him like cowards.
Why, he won't be waking up until Judgment Day.
Well, then on Judgment Day he'll say that we stabbed him in his sleep.
That word "judgment" has made me feel a little bit guilty.
What, are you afraid?
I thought you were sure about this.
I am sure that we should let him live.
I'll go back to the Duke of Gloucester and tell him so.
No, please, stay a minute.
I'm hoping that my compassionate mood will pass.
It usually only lasts about twenty seconds.
How are you feeling now?
Honestly, my conscience is still troubling me a bit.
Remember the reward we'll get when the deed is done.
By God , he must die!
I had forgotten about the reward.
Where's your conscience now?
Oh, in the Duke of Gloucester's purse.
So when he opens his purse to give us our reward, your conscience will fly out.
That won't matter.
Let it fly off.
No one will take it in.
What if it comes back to you?
I won't bother with it.
My God, now it's even at my elbow, persuading me not to kill the duke.
Ignore your conscience, and think about the devil instead.
He might flatter you, but he won't make you sad.
I'm strong willed.
My conscience won't overcome me.
Spoken like a brave man who values his reputation.
Come, shall we get to work?
Hit him on the head with the hilt of your sword, and then throw him in the wine barrel in the next room.
Oh, what an excellent plan we'll make him a sponge for the wine.
Quiet, he's waking up.
Strike!
No, we'll talk to him first.
Where are you, jailer?
Give me a cup of wine.
You'll have plenty of wine soon enough, my lord.
In God's name, who are you?
A man, like you are.
But not a royal man, as I am.
And you're not a loyal man, as we are.
You speak with authority, but you look like a common man.
I'm speaking for the king my looks are my own.
Your words are so dark and threatening!
Your eyes menace me.
Why do you look so pale?
Who sent you here?
Why have you come?
To, to, to
To murder me?
Yes, yes.
You hardly have the heart to tell me, so you must not have the heart to do it.
Besides, my friends, have I offended you?
You haven't offended us you offended the king.
He and I will be reconciled again.
Never, my lord.
So prepare to die.
Have you been chosen specially, just to kill the innocent?
What is my offense?
Where is the evidence against me?
What jury has sentenced me in front of a frowning judge?
Or who has pronounced this death sentence on me before I could be convicted by a court of law?
To threaten me with death is wrong.
If you hope to be saved by Christ's dear blood  which was shed for our sins  then I tell you to leave now without touching me.
The deed you plan to do is punishable with damnation.
What we do, we do because we were commanded to.
And the one who has commanded us is our king.
You misguided subjects, the great King of Kings God has said in his Ten Commandments that "you shall not murder.  "
Will you then disobey God's commandment just to obey a man's?
Beware, for God holds vengeance in his hand, waiting to smite those who break his laws.
And he will smite you with that same vengeance for breaking your oaths, and for murder too.
You swore a holy oath to fight for the house of Lancaster.
And  like a traitor to the name of God  you broke that vow, and with your treacherous sword you ripped open the chest of your king, Henry's, son Edward.
Whom you were sworn to cherish and defend.
How can you preach about God's laws to us when you have broken them to such an extreme degree?
Alas!
But for whose sake did I do that terrible deed?
For my brother Edward, for his sake.
He can't be sending you to murder me for the prince's death  because in that, he is just as guilty as I am.
My brother's love; the devil; and my rage.
Well, your brother's love; our duty; and your own crimes now provoke us to kill you.
If you really love my brother Richard, then don't hate me.
I am his brother, and I love him very much.
You are deceived.
Your brother Richard hates you.
Oh, no, he loves me and cherishes me.
Go to him from me.
Yes, so we will.
Tell him that when our princely father, the Duke of York, blessed his three sons and commanded us to love each other, he never imagined that our friendship would end up divided like this.
Remind Richard of this, and he will weep.
Yes, he'll weep stones, as he taught us to do.
Oh, do not slander him, for he is a kind man.
As kind as snow during harvest time.
Come, you're deceiving yourself.
It's Richard who sent us here to kill you.
Why, that's what he did and now you'll be released from the prison of earth, to be free among the joys of heaven.
Make your peace with God, for you must die, my lord.
What should we do?
Give up this attempt, and save your souls.
Which of you, if you were in my position a prince's son in prison, and two murderers like yourselves came to you wouldn't beg for your life?
Yes, you would beg, if you were in my situation.
Give up?
No.
That's cowardly and womanish .
But to not give up, and murder me, is beastly, savage, and devilish.
My friend, I can see some pity in your face.
Oh, if I'm right, then take my side and argue for my life.
What beggar wouldn't pity a begging prince?
Look behind you, my lord.
Take that, and that.
If all this won't do the job, then I'll drown you in that wine barrel.
A bloody deed, and desperately done.
I wish I could wash my hands of this sad murder, as Pontius Pilate did.
What's going on?
What's wrong with you, that you didn't help me?
By God, the duke will hear about how you've neglected your duty.
I wish he could hear that I had saved his brother.
I'm not sorry.
Go, coward that you are.
Well, I'll go hide the body in some hole until the Duke of Gloucester gives orders for its burial.
Well, now I've done a good day's work.
You must all maintain this unity and friendship.
So may I prosper, as I swear the same thing.
I swear perfect love for Rivers, or may I never prosper.
And I love Hastings with all my heart.
Now Dorset, hug Hastings.
Hastings, befriend Lord Marquess of Dorset.
I swear that I will never go back on this exchange of love and friendship.
And I swear it too.
Now, princely Buckingham, seal this friendship by embracing my wife's allies, and through your unity make me happy.
Noble Buckingham, your vow of friendship is like medicine for my sickly heart.
Now all we need is my brother Richard to bring the blessed conclusion to this time of peace.
And just in time, here comes Richard with Sir Richard Ratcliffe.
Happy indeed  that's the way we've spent the day.
Brother, we have done deeds of love, turning enmity to peace and hatred to love between these misguidedly angry nobles.
A blessed labor, my sovereign lord.
If any among this princely group considers me an enemy whether from lies they've heard about me, or because by accident or in anger I've done something to give offense I want us to be reconciled and become peaceful friends.
To be enemies with anyone is like death to me; I hate it, and only desire the love of all good men.
This will be remembered as a holy day.
I wish to God that all troubles could end this well.
But I must also ask your Highness to pardon your brother Clarence.
Why, madam, have I offered you my love only to be mocked in front of the king?
Who doesn't know that the gentle duke is dead?
Who doesn't know that he's dead?
Who knew that he was!
Oh all seeing God, what a terrible world!
Do I look as pale as everyone else, Lord Dorset?
Is Clarence dead?
The death sentence had been reversed.
But Clarence died by your first order, the poor man.
Quiet, please.
My soul is full of sorrow.
I will not rise until your Highness hears my request.
Then quickly say what it is you want.
I ask you to spare the life of my servant, who just today killed a rowdy gentleman that used to serve the Duke of Norfolk.
I was willing to condemn my own brother to death, and now you want me to pardon a servant?
This sorrow is the result of recklessness.
Didn't you notice how the queen's guilty relatives turned pale when they heard about Clarence's death?
Oh, they were always urging the king to do it.
God will revenge it.
Come, lords, will you come with me to comfort Edward with our companionship?
We will attend you, your Grace.
Good grandmother, tell us, is our father dead?
No, boy.
Then why do you weep so often, and beat your chest, and cry, "Oh, Clarence, my unlucky son?"
If our noble father is still alive, why do you look at us and shake your head, and call us orphans, wretches, and castaways?
My pretty grandchildren, you both misunderstand me.
I'm lamenting the sickness of the king, because I don't want to lose him.
I'm not lamenting your father's death.
Then, my grandmother, you're admitting that our father is dead.
My uncle, the king, is to blame for it.
God will revenge it, and I'll pray earnestly every day that he does so.
And so will I.
Quiet, children, quiet.
The king loves you both very much.
You innocent, naive children, you cannot guess who caused your father's death.
Ah, it's terrible that liars can steal the appearance of gentle people, and hide their wickedness under a virtuous mask.
Do you think that my uncle was lying, grandmother?
Yes, boy.
I can't believe it.
Wait, what's that noise?
Ah, who can stop me from wailing and weeping, cursing my bad luck, and tormenting myself?
I'll ally myself with the black despair that threatens my soul, and become my own enemy.
What do you mean by this melodramatic scene?
I'm performing the violent tragedy of my life.
Edward my husband, your son, our king is dead.
Why should we keep living when our leader and lifeblood is gone?
How can the branches keep growing when the root is gone?
Ah, I was your noble husband's mother, so I have just as large a share in your grief.
Oh, Aunt, you didn't weep for our father's death.
So why would we help you with our tears?
You didn't mourn with us when we were left fatherless.
Your sadness as a widow will likewise go unmourned by us!
I don't need any help in mourning.
I am full of sorrows to complain about.
Ah, for our father, for our dear lord Clarence!
Alas for both Edward and Clarence, both mine!
What support did I have besides Edward?
And he's dead.
What support did we have besides Clarence?
And he's dead.
What supports did I have besides both of them?
And they are dead.
A widow never suffered so great a loss.
Orphans never suffered so great a loss.
A mother never suffered so great a loss.
Alas, I am the mother of these griefs.
Dear Mother, let yourself be comforted.
God is displeased that you respond to his doings so unthankfully.
Madam, think of your son, the young prince, and be a careful mother.
Send for him right away.
Let him be crowned king.
He is your hope for future peace of mind.
Drown your desperate sorrows in dead Edward's grave, and plant your future joys in Prince Edward's new throne.
Sister, let yourself be comforted.
All of us have reason to mourn the dimming of the king, our shining star, but none of us can help anything by wailing.
Oh madam, my mother, I beg your pardon.
I didn't see your Grace.
God bless you, and fill you with humility, love, charity, obedience, and true duty.
Amen.
And make me die a good old man!
You weeping princes and sorrowful nobles who bear this mutual weight of grief, let us now cheer each other up with our love.
Though we have lost our old, fruitful king, we will now reap the harvest of his son.
Our former hatreds were only recently broken and then rejoined as friendship, and now we must gently preserve, cherish, and keep this new goodwill.
Why only a "small group," my Lord of Buckingham?
The king tried to make peace among all of us, and I hope he succeeded.
And for me also.
And I agree.
My lord, whoever ends up journeying to meet the prince, for God's sake let us be part of the group.
Along the way I'll create an opportunity to separate him from the queen's proud relatives as the first step in the plan we discussed recently.
Good morning, neighbor.
I swear, I hardly know where I'm going myself.
Have you heard the news going around?
Yes, that the king is dead.
Bad news, by the Virgin Mary.
The news is always bad, and likely to get worse.
I fear that the world will go crazy.
Hello, neighbors.
Good morning to you, sir.
Is the news true that good King Edward has died?
Yes, sir, it's too true, God help us.
Then be ready for troubled times, sirs.
No, no, by God's good grace, his son will become king.
It's bad for a country to be ruled by a child.
That's how it went when Henry the Sixth was crowned in Paris at just nine months old.
Is that how it was?
No, no, good friends, back then the country was rich with intelligent advisors, and the king had virtuous uncles to protect him.
Why, this king  Edward's son  has uncles too, on both his father's and his mother's side.
Come, come, we're worrying about the worst possible outcome.
I'm sure that everything will be all right.
Truly, the hearts of men are full of fear.
There's hardly anyone who isn't unreasonably worried right now.
It's always like this before times of great change.
By some divine instinct, we get nervous when danger is coming  just like when we see the waves swelling before a storm arrives.
But leave it all to God.
Where are you off to?
Indeed, the judges have sent for us.
And for me to.
I hear that last night they slept at Stony Stratford, and tonight they'll rest in Northampton.
Tomorrow or the next day they'll be here.
I long with all my heart to see the prince.
I hope he's grown a lot since the last time I saw him.
Yes, Mother, but I wish it weren't so.
Why, my child?
It is good to grow.
And no doubt he is, my gracious madam.
I hope he is, but mothers can have their doubts.
Now, if I'd considered something I once heard about him, I could have scoffed at my uncle  and mocked his growth more than he mocked mine.
How, my clever York?
Let me hear your comeback.
Well, they say that my uncle grew so fast that he could gnaw a crust of bread at two hours old.
For me, it took two full years before I could get a single tooth.
Grandmother, this would have been a biting joke.
Please tell me, clever York, who told you this about him?
His nurse, grandmother.
His nurse?
Why, she was dead before you were born.
If it wasn't her, then I can't say who told me.
A cunning boy!
Get out of here, you're too clever for your own good.
Good madam, don't be angry with the child.
Little pitchers have wide ears.
Here comes a messenger.
What's the news?
It's news that grieves me to report, my lord.
How is the prince?
Madam, he's well and in good health.
What's your news then?
Lord Rivers and Lord Grey have been sent to Pomfret , and Sir Thomas Vaughan with them.
Who had them arrested?
The mighty dukes of Gloucester and Buckingham.
For what crime?
I've told you all that I know.
Why the nobles were arrested, and on what charges, is all unknown to me, my gracious lord.
God help us!
I see the ruin of my family.
The tiger has now seized the gentle deer.
Brute tyranny begins to attack the innocent, weak throne.
Welcome, destruction, blood, and massacre!
Oh, how many cursed and violent days of unrest have my old eyes seen?
Come, come, my boy.
We'll go take sanctuary .
Madam, farewell.
Wait, I will go with you.
You have no reason to.
Welcome to your room here in London, sweet prince.
Welcome, dear nephew, ruler of my thoughts.
It seems that the tiring journey has made you sad.
No, uncle, but the annoyances on the way made the journey tedious, tiring, and dull.
I wish more uncles were here to welcome me.
May God protect me from false friends but my uncles weren't false.
My lord, the mayor of London is here to greet you.
May God bless your Grace with health and happy days.
I thank you, my good lord, and thank you all.
But I thought my mother and my brother York would have met us on our way long before now.
And it's shameful what a slug Hastings is, that he hasn't even come to tell us whether or not they're coming!
And just in time, here comes the sweating lord.
Welcome, my lord.
Well, is my mother coming?
Only God knows why, but the queen your mother and your brother York have taken sanctuary in Westminster Abbey.
The tender prince wanted to come with me to meet your Grace, but his mother forced him to stay.
For shame, what a devious and perverse course the queen is taking!
Lord Cardinal, will you persuade the queen to send the Duke of York to his princely brother at once?
My lord, you are foolishly stubborn, and too tied to formalities and traditions.
Consider the moral roughness of these times, and you'll see that you're not really breaking sanctuary in seizing him.
The benefit of sanctuary is always given to those who really deserve protection, or those who are smart enough to claim it.
This prince has neither claimed it nor does he deserve it.
My lord, I'll let you convince me this once.
Come on, Lord Hastings, will you go with me?
I will, my lord.
Good lords, go as quickly as you can.
Wherever seems best for your royal self.
Of all places, I don't like the Tower at all.
Didn't Julius Caesar build it, my lord?
On record, my gracious lord.
But even if it weren't recorded, I think that the truth would live on from generation to generation  being told as part of legend and history  all the way until Judgment Day.
They say that those who are so wise when so young never live long.
What did you say, uncle?
I said that without written records, fame lives long.
Like the figure of Sin , I use the double meanings of words to my advantage.
That Julius Caesar was a famous man.
His courage aided his intelligence, and his intelligence helped him make sure that his reputation for courage outlived him.
What, my gracious lord?
Short summers often have an early spring, as they say.
Now here comes the Duke of York, right on time.
Richard of York, how are you, my loving brother?
I'm well, my sovereign lord for that's what I must call you now.
Yes, Brother, and it's a sad occasion for both of us.
Our father  the man who should have kept that title  died too recently.
How are you, my nephew, noble Lord of York?
I thank you for asking, noble uncle.
Oh, my lord, you once said that lazy weeds grow quickly.
The prince my brother has far outgrown me.
He has, my lord.
So is he lazy then?
Oh, my fair nephew, I can't say that.
Then he has more power over you than I do.
He may command me as my king, but you still have power over me as my relative.
Please give me your dagger, uncle.
My dagger, little Nephew?
With all my heart.
Are you begging, Brother?
I'll give my nephew a greater gift than that.
A greater gift?
Oh, that must mean a sword.
Yes, noble nephew.
Oh, then I see that you'll only part with light, trivial gifts.
You'll refuse a beggar's request in heavier, more valuable things.
A sword is too heavy for your Grace to wear.
I'd consider it light and trivial even if it were heavier.
What, do you want my weapon, little lord?
I do, so I can thank you for what you called me.
What do you mean?
You called me "little.  "
The Lord of York is always argumentative.
Uncle, you know how to bear with him.
You mean to bear me, not to bear with me.
Uncle, my brother is mocking both of us.
Because I'm little, like a monkey, he thinks that you should bear me on your shoulders, like a fool .
What a sharp and thoughtful mind he has!
To smooth over his mockery of his uncle, he cleverly and politely mocks himself.
It's amazing that he's so cunning while so young.
My lord, would you like to continue on?
My good cousin Buckingham and I will go to your mother and ask her to meet you at the Tower.
What, are you going to the Tower, my lord?
My Lord Protector Richard insists on it.
I won't sleep peacefully at the Tower.
Why, what do you have to be afraid of?
Well, my uncle Clarence's angry ghost.
My grandmother told me he was murdered there.
I'm not afraid of any dead uncle.
Nor living ones, I hope.
If they're still alive, I should hope that I don't need to fear them .
But come, my lord.
I'll think of my lost uncles and go to the Tower with a heavy heart.
My lord, don't you think that this talkative little York was encouraged by his deceitful mother to taunt and scorn you in that outrageous manner?
No doubt, no doubt.
Oh, he's a dangerous and cunning boy bold, lively, ingenious, outspoken, and capable.
He takes after his mother, from head to toe.
Well, let's leave them for the moment.
Come here, Catesby.
You're sworn to do as we command and never reveal our secrets.
You know about our plans, which we described along the way.
What do you think?
Would it be an easy matter to convince Lord Hastings to join our side, and support us in making the noble Duke Richard the next king of this glorious country?
Hastings loves the Prince because of his great love for his father, the late King Edward.
What do you think about Stanley then?
Won't he join us?
He'll do whatever Hastings does.
Well then, just do this, noble Catesby: go and sound out Lord Hastings regarding our cause.
Give my regards to Lord Hastings.
Good Catesby, go do your work well.
My good lords, I'll do the best I can.
Will we hear from you before we go to sleep, Catesby?
You will, my lord.
You'll find us both at Crosby Place.
Now, my lord, what will we do if Lord Hastings won't go along with our conspiracy?
Chop off his head.
We'll come up with something.
And when I am king, you will have the earldom of Hereford  and all the wealth and possessions that go with it  which my brother, King Edward, used to own.
I'll take you up on that promise, your Grace.
And you'll see that I'll give it gladly.
Come, let's eat early, so that afterwards we can think about our plot further.
My lord, my lord.
Who's knocking?
A messenger from Lord Stanley.
What time is it?
Four in the morning.
Can't Lord Stanley sleep on this long night?
It appears not, based on his message.
First, he sends his regards to your noble self.
And what else?
He then tells your Lordship that tonight he dreamed that the boar cut off his head.
He also says that there will be two council meetings tomorrow, and that the results of one meeting may make you and Stanley who will be at the other very sorry indeed.
Go, fellow, go.
Return to your lord.
Tell him not to worry about the two separate meetings.
I'll go and tell him what you say, my lord.
Good morning to you, my noble lord.
Good morning, Catesby.
You're up early.
What's the news in our unsteady kingdom?
What do you mean, "wears the garland?"
Yes, my good lord.
I'll have my head cut from my shoulders before I'll see the crown so terribly misplaced.
But do you think that's his intention?
Indeed, I'm not sorry to hear that news, for they have always been my enemies.
But as for the idea that I'd support Richard's side in keeping my master's true heirs from the throne God knows I'll never do it.
May God preserve your Lordship in that noble state of mind.
But I'll laugh at all this in a year, and rejoice that I could see tragedy come to those who once convinced King Edward to hate me.
Well, Catesby, before two weeks have passed I'll send some people packing who won't be expecting it at all.
It's a terrible thing to die when you're unprepared and not expecting it, my gracious lord.
Yes, it's monstrous, monstrous!
I know they do, and I deserve it.
My lord, good morning.
Good morning, Catesby.
You may joke, but, by the Holy Cross, I don't like these two separate meetings.
My lord, I care about my life as much as you care about yours, and I swear I care about it as much now as I ever have.
Do you think I would be as confident as I am if I wasn't certain of our safety?
Come, come.
Let's go.
Do you know what, my lord?
Those lords you just mentioned  Rivers and Grey  will be beheaded today.
To be honest, they deserve to keep their heads more than the people who've accused them deserve to keep their duke's caps.
But come, my lord, let's go.
Go on ahead.
I'll talk with this good fellow.
Better, now that your Lordship was kind enough to ask.
I tell you, man, it's better with me now than it was the last time you met me here.
At that time I was on my way to be imprisoned in the Tower, accused by the queen's allies.
But now, I tell you and keep this to yourself those enemies are being put to death today, and I'm better than ever.
May God preserve your good luck, your Honor!
Thank you very much, fellow.
Here, have a drink on me.
I thank your Honor.
Hello, my lord.
I'm glad to see you.
I thank you with all my heart, Sir John.
I'm in your debt for your last sermon.
Next Sunday I'll give the church a nice donation.
I'll come to see you, your Lordship.
What, talking with a priest, Lord Hastings?
Your friends at Pomfret Castle, they're the ones who need a priest.
Honestly, when I ran into this holy man, I did think of those men you mention.
So, are you going to the Tower?
That's likely, since I'm staying for lunch there.
And for dinner too, though you don't know it yet.
Come, will you go with me?
I'll follow your Lordship.
Sir Richard Ratcliffe, let me tell you this: today you will watch a man die for truth, for duty, and for loyalty.
May God protect the prince from the pack of you!
All of you are damned bloodsuckers.
You'll live to regret this later.
Enough.
You've reached the limit of your lives.
Oh, Pomfret, Pomfret!
Oh, you bloody prison, fatal to noblemen!
Now old Queen Margaret's curse has fallen on our heads, when she condemned me, Hastings, and you for standing by while Richard stabbed her son.
Then she cursed Richard, then she cursed Buckingham, and then she cursed Hastings.
Hurry up.
The hour of death has come.
Come, Grey.
Come, Vaughan.
Let us all embrace.
Farewell, until we meet again in heaven.
Is everything ready for the royal event?
Yes, and all we need to do is name the day.
Then I think tomorrow should be a favorable day.
Who knows what the Lord Protector Richard thinks about this?
Who is closest to the noble duke?
We think you would best know his mind, your Grace.
I thank you for saying that.
I know he loves me well.
But I haven't asked him out about the coronation, and he hasn't told me his preferences about it.
Here comes the duke himself, right on time.
Good morning, my noble lords and kinsmen.
I slept late, but I trust that my absence hasn't delayed any important decisions that required me to be here.
There's no man bolder than Lord Hastings.
He knows me well, and loves me well.
My lord of Ely, the last time I was at your palace in Holborn I saw some good strawberries in your garden.
Indeed, I will do so with pleasure, my lord.
Cousin Buckingham, a word with you.
Go to the next room for a while.
I'll go with you.
We haven't yet set the date for the triumphant coronation day.
In my opinion, tomorrow is too sudden, for I myself am not as well prepared as I would be if a later date were set.
Where is my lord the Duke of Gloucester?
I've sent for those strawberries.
His Grace Richard looks so cheerful and calm this morning.
He has some idea or plan that he's pleased about whenever he says "good morning" with such spirit.
I don't think there's a man in all the Christian kingdoms who's worse at hiding his love or hate than Richard is.
And what do you see in his heart today, based on the cheer in his face?
I pray to God that you're right.
Please tell me, what is the proper punishment for someone who conspires to kill me with wicked plots and witchcraft   and who has already plagued my body with hellish magic?
My love for your Grace makes me say forcefully among all these lords that the offenders should be executed.
My lord, they deserve death.
Then let your eyes be the witness of their evil.
See how I am bewitched!
If they have done this, my noble lord
"If?"
Woe, woe for England!
I pity her fate, but save no pity for myself.
Come, come, that's enough.
The duke wants to eat his dinner.
Make a quick confession.
He's eager to see your head.
Oh, why do we spend so much time hunting for the temporary approval of mortal men, instead of seeking God's favor?
Anyone who builds his hopes on the airy foundation of mankind's approval must live like a drunken sailor on the ship's mast  ready with every nod of his head to tumble down into the fatal ocean.
Come on, that's enough.
It's useless to make speeches.
Oh, bloody Richard!
Miserable England, I predict that the most frightening time you've ever seen is coming.
Come, lead me to the execution block.
Bring him my head.
Those who smile at me will soon be dead.
Come, cousin, can you shake and turn pale, and stop speaking suddenly, and then begin again, and then stop again as if you were driven crazy from terror?
Lord Mayor
Look out, the drawbridge!
Listen, a drum!
Catesby, look out over the walls for us.
Lord Mayor, the reason we sent
Look behind you!
Defend yourself!
There are enemies here.
May God and our own innocence defend us!
Calm yourself.
These are friends Ratcliffe and Lovell.
Here is the head of that wicked traitor, the dangerous and unsuspected Hastings
I loved the man so dearly that I must weep.
Well, well, he was the most secretive, hidden traitor that ever lived.
Can you imagine, Lord Mayor if we hadn't been lucky enough to stop him  that sneaky traitor was plotting to murder me and the Lord of Gloucester in the council room today?
Is that true?
What, do you think we're heathens or savages?
May only good things happen to you from now on!
He deserved to die, and your Graces did well in making an example of him and discouraging other false traitors from attempting similar plots.
I never expected anything better from him once he got involved with Mrs.
That is why we wanted you here, your Lordship to avoid the condemnation of the critical public.
But since you came too late to see the execution as we intended, at least bear witness t our good intentions.
And so, my good Lord Mayor, we bid you farewell.
Go after him, cousin Buckingham.
He's riding quickly to the town hall.
There, at the most advantageous moment, bring up the possibility that King Edward's children are illegitimate.
Tell the public how Edward executed a citizen just for saying that he would make his son "heir to the crown" when he was only talking about the tavern he owned, "The Crown.  "
And then bring up Edward's hateful lust and his insatiable appetite for women, which stretched even to the citizens' servants, daughters, and wives anyone that his lustful eye and savage heart wanted to prey on.
Don't worry, my lord.
I'll speak as persuasively as if I were trying to win the throne for myself.
And so farewell, my lord.
Lovell, go as quickly as you can to the Mayor's brother, Doctor Shaw.
And you go to Friar Penker.
Tell them both to meet me within the hour at Baynard's Castle.
Tell me, tell me, what did the citizens say?
I swear by the holy mother of our Lord the citizens didn't say a word.
Did you mention that Edward's children are bastards?
And did they do it?
No.
What tongueless blockheads!
Why wouldn't they speak?
Will the mayor and his fellow citizens not come here?
The mayor is on his way and nearly here.
Pretend to be afraid, and don't let yourself be spoken to until we plead with you.
I'm going now.
If you're as good at pleading on their behalf as I am at saying "no" to you, then there's no doubt this will end well.
Go, go, up to the roof.
The Lord Mayor knocks.
My noble lord, he asks your Grace to please visit him tomorrow or the next day.
Return, good Catesby, to the gracious duke.
Tell him that I, the mayor, and some citizens have come to confer with his Grace about matters of great importance, which concern the good of all.
I'll tell him that right away.
Aha, my lord, this prince is not an Edward!
He's not lolling about in a lustful bed, but on his knees in prayer; not enjoying himself with a few prostitutes, but praying with two learned priests; not sleeping to fatten up his lazy body, but praying to enrich his attentive soul.
England would be blessed to have this virtuous prince wearing its crown.
But I'm afraid he won't agree to it.
Indeed, God forbid that he should say no to us!
I fear that he will.
Here comes Catesby again.
He wonders why you have assembled such a large group of citizens to come to him without warning him beforehand.
He fears that you mean him harm, my lord.
I'm sorry that my noble cousin should suspect that I wish him harm.
See where his Grace is standing between two clergymen.
My lord, there's no need for such an apology.
Only that which will, I hope, please God above, and all good men of this ungoverned island.
I suspect that I've committed some offense that the citizens disapprove of, and you've come to reprimand me for my ignorance.
You have, my lord.
If it would please your Grace, you should listen to our request and make up for your offense.
My lord, your response shows that you have a strong conscience, but your objections are trivial, especially considering the circumstances.
Do accept, my lord.
Your citizens beg you.
Don't refuse this love we offer you, mighty lord.
Oh, make them joyful.
Grant their request!
Alas, why would you heap this responsibility on me?
I am unfit for power and majesty.
Don't take this the wrong way, but I cannot and will not give in to you.
Oh, do not swear, my lord of Buckingham!
Call them back, sweet prince.
Accept their request.
If you deny them, the whole country will regret it.
Would you force me into a world of worries?
Call them back then.
God bless your Grace!
We will bear witness to the fact that you didn't want the crown.
And in saying so, you'll only be telling the truth.
Then I salute you with this royal title: Long live Richard, England's worthy king!
Amen.
Will you let yourself be crowned tomorrow?
Whenever you want, since you will insist on it.
Come, let us return to our holy labors.
Farewell, my cousin.
Farewell, noble friends.
Who is this?
My granddaughter Plantagenet, led by the hand of her kind aunt, the Duchess of Gloucester?
Now, I swear, she's heading to the Tower to greet the young prince, whom she loves so purely.
Nice to see you, daughter in law.
May God grant both of you a nice day.
And you too, good sister in law.
Where are you off to?
Kind sister in law, thanks.
We'll all go together.
They are well, dear madam.
But if you'll pardon me, I'm not allowed to let you visit them.
The king has strictly forbidden it.
The king?
Who's that?
I mean the Lord Protector.
And may the Lord protect the crown from him!
Is he trying to set up barriers between my children and me?
I am their mother.
Who will forbid me from seeing them?
I am their father's mother.
I will see them.
I am their aunt by marriage, but I love them like a mother.
Bring me to see them.
I'll take your office upon myself, Lieutenant  and take all the blame as well.
No, madam, no.
I cannot do that.
I am bound by oath, so you must forgive me.
If I were greeting you ladies again in just an hour, I would be saluting you, Duchess of York, as the mother of two fair queens.
Come, madam, you must go to Westminster Abbey right away, where you'll be crowned Richard's royal queen.
Oh, cut my dress open so that my constrained heart can have some room to beat, or else I'll faint from this deadly news!
Cruel tidings!
Oh, unhappy news!
Cheer up, mother.
How are you feeling?
Oh Dorset, don't speak to me.
Leave immediately.
Death and destruction are snapping at your heels.
Your mother's name has become a bad omen.
Madam, your advice is full of wisdom and caring.
Make full use of the time.
I'll write a letter to my stepson Richmond on your behalf, so he'll meet you on the way.
But don't be caught delaying.
Oh, this wind of misery, scattering misfortunes everywhere!
Oh, my accursed womb, the bed of death!
It has unleashed a basilisk onto the world, a monster whose very look is murderous!
Come, madam, come.
I was sent in a great hurry.
And with great unwillingness I'll go.
Oh, I wish to God that the golden crown I must wear would turn to red hot steel, and burn my skull to the brains!
Go, go, poor soul.
I don't envy your new throne.
No?
Why not?
Poor heart, farewell.
I pity your troubles.
No more than I mourn for yours, from the depths of my soul.
Farewell, you sad new queen.
And farewell to you, sad old queen.
You go to Richmond, and may good fortune go with you.
You go to Richard, and may guardian angels protect you.
And you go to sanctuary, and keep up your spirits.
I will go to my grave, where peace and rest can lie alongside me.
Wait, and look back at the Tower with me.
You ancient stones of the Tower, have pity on those tender children who are locked inside your walls because of envy.
You are a rough cradle for such little pretty ones.
Everyone stand aside.
Cousin Buckingham.
My gracious sovereign.
Give me your hand.
May they live on forever.
Ah, Buckingham, now I must test you to see if you're true gold indeed.
Young Prince Edward is alive.
Go on, my loving lord.
Why, Buckingham, I said I wanted to be king.
Why, you are king, my glorious lord.
Ha!
Am I king?
Perhaps it's so but Edward still lives.
True, noble prince.
Oh, what a bitter conclusion that Edward should still live as the "true, noble prince!  "
Cousin, you didn't use to be so stupid.
Shall I speak plainly?
I want the bastards dead, and I want it done immediately.
What do you say now?
Speak quickly, and be brief.
Your Grace can do as he pleases.
Tut, tut, you've grown icy.
Your kindness freezes over.
Give me a moment to breathe, dear lord, a pause before I make a statement.
I'll give you my answer shortly.
The king is angry.
See how he bites his lip.
I only want to deal with unfeeling fools and careless boys.
I want nothing to do with anyone who can read me well.
Ambitious Buckingham is growing too thoughtful.
Boy!
My lord?
Do you know anyone who can be tempted with gold into secretly killing someone?
I know one unhappy gentleman whose empty wallet doesn't match his proud spirit.
Gold is better than twenty speeches, and will, no doubt, tempt him to do anything.
What is his name?
His name is Tyrrel, my lord.
I know the man a little.
Go, call him here, boy.
You should know, my loving lord: I've heard that the Marquess of Dorset has fled to Richmond in France.
Come here, Catesby.
Spread around a rumor that my wife Anne is very sick.
I will make arrangements for keeping her locked up.
And find me some poor gentleman whom I can marry straight away to Clarence's daughter.
Clarence's son is an idiot, so I'm not afraid of him.
But look at you daydreaming!
I say again: spread the rumor that Anne, my queen, is sick and likely to die.
Hurry up it's very important that I destroy anything that might come to damage me.
James Tyrrel, your most obedient subject.
Are you indeed?
Let me prove it, my gracious lord.
Would you dare to kill a friend of mine?
If it would please you.
But I would rather kill two enemies.
Well, you can do that then.
I want you to kill two great enemies of mine, enemies of my sleep and my peace of mind.
Tyrrel, I mean those bastards in the Tower.
Let me have free access to reach them, and soon you won't have to fear them anymore.
Your words are sweet music.
Come here, Tyrrel.
I'll do it straight away.
My lord, I've been considering the request you just asked me about.
Well, forget about that.
Dorset has fled to join Richmond.
I heard that news, my lord.
Stanley, Richmond is your wife's son .
Well, find out what she knows.
My lord, I want to claim the gift you promised me on your honor and faith the earldom of Hereford and all the possessions that go with it, which you swore that I would have.
Stanley, watch your wife.
If she sends any letters to Richmond, you will answer for it.
What does your Highness say to my just request?
I remember that Henry the Sixth prophesied that Richmond would be king one day, when Richmond was only a foolish boy.
A king, perhaps
My lord
But why wasn't the prophet able to foresee that I, who was there at the time, would kill him?
My lord, your promise of the earldom
Richmond?
My lord
Hey, what time is it?
I am reminding your Grace of what you promised me.
Well, but what time is it?
Almost ten o'clock.
Well, let it strike ten then.
Why "let it strike?"
Because you're like the peasant who strikes the bell, interrupting my thoughts with your begging.
I'm not in the giving mood today.
Well then, give me a final answer of whether I'll have the earldom or not.
You're annoying me.
Is this how it is?
He rewards my great service with such great contempt?
Did I make him king for this?
Oh, let me learn from Hastings and hurry away to Brecknock , while my frightened head is still on my shoulders!
Kind Tyrrel, will your news make me happy?
But did you see them dead?
I did, my lord.
And buried, gentle Tyrrel?
Tyrrel, come back to me soon after dessert, and tell me the details of their deaths.
In the meantime, think about how I can reward you with whatever you desire.
Farewell until then.
I humbly leave you.
My lord!
Is it good news or bad news, that you come bursting in here?
Bad news, my lord.
Ely joining Richmond troubles me more than Buckingham and his hastily raised army.
So now the Yorks' prosperity has ripened and rotted, falling into the mouth of death.
Ah, my poor princes!
Hover about her, spirits, and say that she got what she deserved, since you were also killed before your time.
So many miseries have cracked my voice that my tongue is weary of wailing and has gone silent.
Edward Plantagenet, why are you dead?
One Plantagenet makes up for another.
Oh God, will you abandon such gentle lambs, and throw them to the wolf?
How could you sleep when such a deed was done?
God slept when my holy husband Henry died, and my sweet son Edward.
Ah, if only the earth could provide me with a grave instead of just a sad seat, then I would bury my bones, instead of simply resting them here.
Oh, who has any right to mourn except for us?
If the oldest sorrow is the most revered, then give mine the privilege of seniority, and let my grief have the upper hand.
If you can accept company in your sadness, then consider your losses again by looking at mine.
Oh, Henry's wife, do not triumph in my woes!
As God is my witness, I have wept for yours.
Oh, you once did prophesy that the time would come when I would want your help in cursing that swollen spider, that foul hunchbacked toad!
Oh, you who are so skilled in curses, stay a while and teach me how to curse my enemies.
My words are dull.
Oh, give them life with yours!
Your suffering will make them sharp, so they can pierce like mine.
Why should this catastrophe be accompanied by so many words?
Words are useless breath, like lawyers pleading on their sad clients' behalf; like the children of joys who inherit nothing; like poor speech makers going on about misery.
If that's so, then don't be tongue tied.
Come with me, and with our bitter words let's smother my damned son Richard who smothered your two sons.
Who's blocking my path?
You toad, you toad, where is your brother Clarence?
And little Ned Plantagenet, his son.
Where is noble Rivers, and Vaughan, and Grey?
Where is kind Hastings?
Trumpets, play!
Drums, a call to arms!
Don't let the heavens hear these tattle tale women abuse the Lord's anointed king.
Play, I say!
Are you my son?
Yes, and for that I thank God, my father, and yourself.
Then patiently listen to my impatience.
Madam, I have some of your temperament, in that I can't tolerate the language of disapproval.
Oh, let me speak!
Speak then, but I won't listen.
I will be mild and gentle in my words.
And be brief too, good mother, for I'm in a hurry.
Are you so impatient?
God knows I waited for you, in torment and in agony, when I was giving birth to you.
And didn't I come at last to comfort you?
No, by the Holy Cross, and you know it well.
You came to earth to make the earth my hell.
Well, none but Humphrey Hour , who once invited you to have breakfast without my company.
If I'm so displeasing to look at, then let me march on and not offend you, madam.
Strike up the drum.
Please, listen to me speak.
You speak too bitterly.
Just listen a moment, and then I'll never speak to you again.
Then do it.
Either you'll die  as God's just punishment  before you can return victorious from this war, or else I will die from grief and old age.
Though I have far more reason to curse you, I don't have her energy.
I'll just say "amen" to everything she said.
Wait, madam.
I must speak with you.
I have no more sons of royal blood for you to murder.
You have a daughter called Elizabeth, who is virtuous and beautiful, royal and gracious.
And must she die for this?
Oh, let her live, and I'll ruin her manner, mar her beauty, lie and say she is illegitimate, and destroy her reputation.
So that she might escape being murdered, I'll say that she was not Edward's daughter.
Don't lie about her birth.
She is a royal princess.
To save her life, I'll say she isn't.
Her royal birth is what makes her safest.
Her brothers died because of that same "safety.  "
Alas, at birth they were badly fated.
No, in their lives they were opposed by bad friends.
No one can avoid the doom of destiny.
You speak as if I had killed my nephews.
Indeed, your nephews were cheated by their uncle of their comfort, kingdom, relatives, freedom, and life.
Some other hand might have pierced their tender hearts, but you're the one who gave the order.
Madam, if I am successful in these dangerous, bloody wars to which I am marching off, I then intend to do more good to you and your relatives than I've ever done them harm!
What good is there still undiscovered in this world that can do me good now?
The advancement of your children, noble lady.
Advancing them up to some scaffold, to lose their heads.
Advancement to the dignity and height of fortune, the most kingly symbol of this world's glory.
Flatter me in my sorrow then.
Tell me what rank, what dignity, or what honor you could possibly offer to any child of mine?
Explain yourself quickly, before this speech about your kindness outlasts whatever kindness you have.
Then know that from my soul I love your daughter Elizabeth.
And I believe it with my soul.
What do you believe?
That you love my daughter from your soul far from your soul.
Don't be so quick to confuse my meaning.
I mean that I love your daughter with my soul, and I intend to make her Queen of England.
Well then, who will be her king?
The same man who makes her queen.
Who else should it be?
What, you?
Of course.
What did you think?
How would you go about wooing her?
That's what I want to learn from you, since you know her temperament best.
And will you learn from me?
Madam, with all my heart.
Then send to her  from the man who killed her brothers  a pair of bleeding hearts.
Write "Edward" and "York" on them.
You mock me, madam.
This is not the way to win your daughter.
There is no other way, unless you could change your shape and be someone other than the Richard who has committed all these deeds.
Say that I did all those things out of love for her.
No, for then she has no choice but to hate you, as you tried to buy her love with murder.
Whatever is done cannot be undone.
Men make mistakes sometimes, and then they repent when they have the time.
If I did take the kingdom from your sons, then to make up for it I'll give it to your daughter.
What should I say to her?
Her father's brother wants to be her husband?
Or should I say it's her uncle?
Or should I say it's the man who killed her brothers and uncles?
Imply that fair England's peace depends on this marriage.
So she will purchase that peace with everlasting war.
Tell her that the King, who has the power to command, instead begs her
Say that she will be a high and mighty queen.
Only so that she can give up that title, as her mother has.
Say I will love her forever.
But how long will that "ever" last?
For as long as her fair life lasts.
But how long will her sweet life last?
As long as heaven and nature lengthen it.
As long as hell and Richard decide.
Say that I, her king, am her lowly subject.
But she, your actual subject, hates such a king.
Speak well of me to her.
An honest tale works best when it's told plainly.
Then plainly tell her my loving tale.
Plain and not honest is too harsh to hear.
Your answers are too shallow and too lively.
Oh no, my reasons are too deep and too dead too deep and too dead, just like my poor infants in their graves.
Don't harp on that string, madam that's in the past.
I'll harp on it until my heartstrings break.
Now, by my Saint George, my garter, and my crown
The first one profaned, the second dishonored, and the third stolen.
I swear
By nothing  because this is no proper oath.
Then I swear by myself
You've misused yourself.
By the world then
It's full of your foul crimes.
By my father's death
Your life has dishonored his death.
Why then, by God.
You've abused God most of all.
By the future.
May I succeed in my dangerous battles to the same degree that I truly intend to repent and prosper!
May I ruin myself; be deprived of happiness by heaven and destiny; my days be dark; my nights sleepless; and my luck be bad if I don't love your beautiful, royal daughter with dear affection, pure devotion, and holy thoughts.
Both my happiness and yours depends on her.
Without her as my queen, death, desolation, ruin, and decay will fall on me, you, your daughter, the land, and many a Christian soul.
Will I let myself be tempted by the devil like this?
Yes, if the devil tempts you to do good.
Will I forget to be who I am?
Yes, if your memories of yourself only hurt you.
But you killed my children.
But I will bury them in your daughter's womb, and in that nest of fragrant spices they will be reborn again, to grow and comfort you.
Will I really go win my daughter over for you?
And make yoursel a happy mother by doing so.
I'll go.
Write to me very soon, and I'll tell you how she feels.
Give her my true love's kiss.
Most mighty king, a powerful navy is sailing to our western coast.
Send some speedy ally to the duke of Norfolk.
You go yourself, Ratcliffe  or Catesby.
Here, my good lord.
Catesby, hurry to the Duke of Buckingham.
I will go as quickly as I can, my lord.
Ratcliffe, come here.
Ride quickly to Salisbury.
When you get there    You stupid, mindless villain, why are you still here and not on your way to the Duke?
First, mighty King, tell me what your Highness wants, so I can deliver your message to him.
Oh, true, good Catesby.
Tell him to gather the largest army he can in a hurry, and meet me at Salisbury right away.
I'm off.
And what would you like me to do at Salisbury?
Why, what would you do there before I arrive?
Your Highness just told me that I should hurry there.
I've changed my mind.
My lord, it's nothing so good that it will please you to hear it, but nothing so bad that I can't report it.
Aha, a riddle!
Neither good nor bad.
Why do you need to run in such wide circles when you can get straight to the point with your story?
I'll ask you again: what's the news?
Richmond is on the seas.
Let him sink there, so the seas will be on him!
The cowardly rebel, what is he doing there?
I don't know, mighty king.
Well, what do you guess?
That he's been stirred up by Dorset, Buckingham, and Morton, and now he's coming to England to claim the crown.
Is the throne empty?
Does the royal sword have no owner?
Is the king dead, the kingdom dispossessed?
What living heir of the York family is there but me?
And who can be England's king but great York's heir?
So tell me, what is he doing at sea?
Unless it's for that then I cannot guess, my lord.
Unless he's coming to be your new king, you can't guess why that Welshman Richmond is coming?
You will rebel and join him, I fear.
No, my good lord.
Don't distrust me.
Where is your army, then, to beat him back?
Where are your tenants and your followers?
Aren't they on the western shore right now, helping his rebels disembark safely from their ships?
No, my good lord.
My friends are in the north.
Then they're cold friends to me.
What are they doing in the north when they should be serving their king in the west?
They haven't been commanded to do so, mighty king.
If it would please your Majesty, I'll gather up my friends and meet your Grace wherever and whenever your Majesty wants.
Yes, you want to leave so you can join Richmond.
Most mighty king, you have no reason to doubt my friendship.
I never have been false, and never will be.
Go then and get your men, but leave behind your son, George Stanley.
So treat him as well as my faithfulnes deserves.
My gracious king, my friends have informed me that Sir Edward Courtney and his elder brother  the arrogant Bishop of Exeter  are now in Devonshire with an army.
My lord, great Buckingham's army
Enough, you owls !
All I hear are songs of death.
There, take that until you bring me better news.
I beg your pardon.
Here's some money to cure that blow I gave you.
Has any quick thinking friend of mine offered a reward to whoever brings that traitor in?
Yes, that proclamation has been made, my lord.
It's reported that Sir Thomas Lovell and the Lord Marquess of Dorset are gathering an army in Yorkshire.
But I bring your Highness this comfort: Richmond's navy has been dispersed by a storm.
My lord, the Duke of Buckingham has been captured.
That's the best news.
There's worse, but it must be told: The Earl of Richmond has landed at Milford with a mighty army.
We must go away towards Salisbury!
While we talk here, a royal battle might be won and lost.
Someone deliver the order that Buckingham should be brought to Salisbury.
The rest of you, march on with me.
At Pembroke, or at Haverford West in Wales.
What noblemen have joined him?
Well, hurry to your lord.
Kiss his hand for me.
This letter will explain my thoughts to him.
Farewell.
Won't King Richard let me speak with him?
No, my good lord.
So calm down.
Oh, Hastings; Edward's children; Grey and Rivers; holy King Henry and your fair son Edward; Vaughan; and all who have died because of underhanded, corrupt, foul injustice if your angry souls still cannot rest and are witnessing this scene through the clouds, then enjoy your revenge and mock my destruction.
This is All Souls' Day, isn't it?
It is.
Why, then All Souls' Day is also my body's Judgment Day.
This is the punishment that I once wished might fall on me if I was ever false to King Edward's children or his wife's allies.
This is the punishment I wished might fall on me that I would be betrayed by the man I trusted most.
This, this All Souls' Day, is the predestined punishment for my frightened soul.
Every man's clean conscience is like a thousand swords to fight against this guilty murderer.
I don't doubt that his friends will turn on him and join us.
He has no friends except for those who are too afraid to leave him.
But they'll abandon him in his time of greatest need.
All to our advantage.
Then, in God's name, let's march.
True hope is swift, and flies as fast as a swallow.
Hope makes kings into gods, and lesser men into kings.
Pitch our tents right here, in Bosworth field.
My Lord of Surrey, why do you look sad?
My heart is ten times lighter than my appearance.
My Lord of Norfolk
Here, most gracious lord.
Norfolk, we must have a few swings of the sword, ha, must we not?
We must both give them and take them, my loving lord.
Put up my tent!
I'll sleep here tonight.
But where will I sleep tomorrow?
Well, it makes no difference.
Who has spied out the size of the traitor's army?
Six or seven thousand, at the most.
Why, our army is three times that many.
Besides, the King's name is a tower of strength, which the opposition lacks.
Put up the tent!
Come, noble gentlemen, let's survey the military advantages of this battlefield.
Call for some experienced officers.
Sweet Captain Blunt, if it can be done without too much danger, find a way to speak with him, and give him this important note from me.
I swear by my life that I'll do this for you, my lord.
And may God give you a quiet, restful night!
Goodnight, good Captain Blunt.
What time is it?
It's dinnertime, my lord.
It's nine o'clock.
I will not eat tonight.
Give me some ink and paper.
Is my helmet's visor working better now?
And is my armor laid out in my tent?
It is, my lord.
Good Norfolk, hurry to your post.
Make sure everyone is on constant alert.
Choose trusty watchmen.
I'm off to do it, my lord.
Rise with the lark at dawn tomorrow, gentle Norfolk.
I promise I will, my lord.
Catesby.
My lord.
Send out a junior officer to Stanley's regiment.
Tell Stanley to bring his army here before sunrise, or else his son George will go to his eternal rest.
My lord.
Did you see the gloomy Lord Northumberland?
He and Thomas, the Earl of Surrey, were moving from troop to troop around twilight, and cheering up the soldiers.
Good, I am satisfied.
Give me some wine.
I don't have the same energetic spirit or optimistic mind that I used to.
Set down the goblet.
Is the ink and paper ready?
It is, my lord.
Tell my guard to be on alert.
Now leave me.
Ratcliffe, come to my tent around midnight and help me put on my armor.
Now leave me, I say.
May fortune and victory be yours!
Take all the comfort that such a dark night as this can offer, noble father in law.
Tell me, how is my loving mother?
May I weigh down your soul tomorrow!
Remember how you stabbed me at Tewkesbury in the prime of my life.
So despair, and die!
Be cheerful, Richmond, for the wronged souls of butchered princes fight on your side.
I, King Henry's son, offer you my comfort, Richmond.
When I was alive, you stabbed my kingly body full of deadly holes.
Remember the Tower, and remember me.
Despair, and die!
Henry the Sixth tells you to despair and die!
You who are virtuous and holy, be also victorious.
I, Henry  who prophesied that you would be king one day  comforts you in your sleep.
Live and prosper!
May I weigh down your soul tomorrow!
It's me, Rivers, who died at Pomfret.
Remember Grey, and let your soul despair!
Remember Vaughan, and drop your lance with guilt and fear.
Despair, and die!
Wake up, and believe that Richard's guilty conscience will be his downfall!
Wake up, and win the day!
Dream about your nephews, smothered in the Tower.
Richard, may we weigh down your soul like lead, and drag you down to ruin, shame, and death.
Your nephews' souls tell you to despair and die!
Sleep, Richmond, sleep in peace and wake in joy.
Good angels wil protect you from the boar's attacks.
Live, and give birth to a happy race of kings.
Edward's unhappy sons tell you to prosper!
You bloody, guilty man, wake up full of guilt and then die in a bloody battle!
Remember Lord Hastings.
Despair, and die!
You quiet, untroubled soul, wake up, wake up!
Arm yourself, fight, and win, for fair England's sake!
Richard, it's your wife, wretched Anne your wife, who never had a quiet hour of sleep with you.
I was the last to help you to the crown, and the last to feel the sting of your tyranny.
Oh, in battle remember Buckingham, and die in terror of your own guilt.
Dream on, dream on, of bloody deeds and death.
And tomorrow, fall and despair, and despairing die!
I died while hoping that I could help you, but be cheerful, and don't worry.
God and his good angels fight on your side, and Richard will fall from the height of his pride.
Give me another horse!
Bind up my wounds!
Have mercy, Jesus!
But wait, I was only dreaming.
Oh, you coward conscience, how you torture me!
The candles burn blue.
It is now dead midnight.
I'm in a cold sweat and trembling with fear.
What am I so afraid of?
Myself?
There's no one else here.
Richard loves Richard; that is, I am only myself.
Is there a murderer here?
No.
But yes, it's me.
Then run away!
What, from myself?
Yes, so I won't take revenge.
What, revenge myself upon myself?
Alas, I love myself.
But why?
Have I ever done myself any good?
No, no!
Alas, I hate myself instead, for all the hateful deeds I've committed.
I am a villain.
But I'm lying I am not a villain.
Fool, speak well of yourself.
Fool, do not flatter yourself.
My lord.
By God!
My lord, it's Ratcliffe, it's me.
The village rooster has already crowed twice to welcome the dawn.
Your friends are up and putting on their armor.
Oh, Ratcliffe, I have dreamed a fearful dream!
What do you think, will all our friends prove loyal?
No doubt, my lord.
Oh, Ratcliffe, I'm afraid, I'm afraid.
No, my good lord, don't be afraid of shadows.
By Saint Paul, tonight shadows have struck more terror in my soul than ten thousand soldiers could, even if they were dressed in impenetrable armor and led by that fool Richmond.
It's not yet daytime.
Come with me; I'll eavesdrop under our tents to see if anyone plans to desert me.
Good morning, Richmond.
I beg your pardon, lords and gentlemen who stayed awake and alert you've caught me sleeping late.
How did you sleep, my lord?
My lords, since you last left me, I've had the sweetest sleep and the most hopeful dreams that ever entered someone's drowsy head.
It seemed like the souls of those Richard had murdered came to my tent and encouraged me to victory.
I promise you, my soul is very joyful now, remembering that beautiful dream.
How late in the morning is it, lords?
Almost four o'clock.
Why, then it's time to arm myself and direct my troops.
What did Northumberland say regarding Richmond?
That he was never trained to be a soldier.
He said the truth.
And what did Surrey say to that?
He smiled and said, "All the better for us.  "
He was right, and so indeed it is.
Not I, my lord.
My lord.
The sun won't come out today.
The sky frowns and scowls at our army.
I wish there wasn't all this dew on the ground.
So the sun won't shine today?
Arm yourself, my lord.
The enemy is on the battlefield.
Come, hurry, hurry.
Prepare my horse.
Call up Lord Stanley.
A good plan, my warrior king.
My lord, he refuses to come.
Off with his son George's head!
My lord, the enemy has passed the marsh.
Let George Stanley die after the battle is over.
A thousand hearts seem to beat within my chest.
Advance our banners.
Attack our enemies.
May our ancient battle cry of courage, fair Saint George, inspire us with the fury of fiery dragons!
Attack!
Victory rides with us.
Help, my lord of Norfolk, help, help!
The king has performed more wonders than seems humanly possible, facing down every dangerous enemy himself.
His horse is killed, and now he's fighting on foot, searching for Richmond even in the face of death.
Help, honorable lord, or else the battle is lost!
A horse, a horse!
Retreat from the fighting, my lord.
I'll help you get to a horse.
You villain, I have gambled my life on this throw of the dice, and I will take the risks that come with it.
I think there are six Richmonds on the battlefield; I've killed five already who looked like him.
A horse, a horse!
May God and your swords be praised, victorious friends!
The day is ours.
Courageous Richmond, you fought well.
See, I took this long stolen crown from the dead forehead of that bloody wretch.
Great God of heaven, say amen to all of this!
But tell me, is young George Stanley still alive?
My lord, he is alive, and safe in Leicester, where we can now go, if you'd like.
What noblemen have been killed on either side?
John  the Duke of Norfolk; Lord Walter Ferrers; Sir Robert Brakenbury; and Sir William Brandon.
Bury them in a manner appropriate to their social rank.
Proclaim a pardon to the soldiers who fled, if they'll return and submit to me.
And then  as I swore I would  I will marry Elizabeth , uniting the York and Lancaster families.
God, smile upon this fair union now, after frowning so long upon the hatred between the two families.
Gregory, I swear we won’t put up with their crap.
No, because then we’d be waste removers .
I mean, if they make us angry, we’ll draw our swords.
I hit hard, when I’m motivated.
But you avoid getting “motivated,” so you don’t ever have to hit.
One of those MONTAGUE scoundrels would motivate me.
To be motivated is to act, while to be valiant is to face a fight.
When you’re motivated, you just run away.
If I saw a MONTAGUE rascl, I’d face him.
Then you must be a weakling, because it’s the weak one who gets shoved up against a wall.
That’s true, which is why women, being the weaker sex, get thrust up against the wall.
So I’ll push MONTAGUE’s men into the gutter, and thrust MONTAGUE women against the wall.
The feud is between our masters and us, their servants.
It’s all the same.
I’ll be the MONTAGUE’s master.
After fighting with the men, I’ll be nice to the maids I’ll cut off their heads.
You’ll cut off the heads of the maids?
The heads of the maids or their maidenheads .
Interpret my comment in whichever sense you prefer.
It’s the maids you rape or kill or who will have to sense it.
I’ve drawn my sword out of its sheath.
Fight them!
I’ll back you up.
How?
By turning your back and running?
Don’t worry about me.
No, indeed , I do worry about you.
I’ll frown at them as I pass by them.
No, I’ll bite my thumb at them.
That’s an insult, and they’ll be disgraced if they don’t react.
I am biting my thumb.
Will the law be on our side if I say yes?
No.
I’m not biting my thumb at you, sir.
Do you want to fight us, sir?
If you do want to fight, sir, then I’m up for it.
My master is as good as yours.
Very well then, sir.
Say “better.
” One of our master’s kinsmen has just arrived.
Yes, my master is better than yours, sir.
Draw your swords, if you’re men.
Gregory, get ready to slash them.
Break it up, fools!
Sheathe your swords.
You don’t know what you’re doing.
What, have you drawn your sword to fight with servants?
I’m just trying to keep the peace.
Put away your sword, or else use it to help me stop this fighting.
Beat them down with your clubs, spears, and axes.
Hit them!
Down with the CAPULETs!
Down with the MONTAGUEs!
BENVOLIO and TYBALT fight.
What is this noise?
Give me my long sword.
You need a crutch!
Why are you calling for a sword?
Give me my sword, I said!
Old MONTAGUE has arrived, and he’s waving his sword just to spite me.
You are a villain, CAPULET!
Let go of me.
Don’t stop me.
You’re not taking one step to try to fight an enemy.
Who stirred this old feud up again?
Tell me, nephew.
Were you around when the fight began?
Your servants were fighting CAPULET's servants when I arrived.
I drew my sword to try to stop them.
Oh, where’s ROMEO?
Have you seen him at all today?
I’m happy he wasn’t around for this fight.
He’s been seen at that spot on many mornings, his tears adding to the morning dew and his deep sighs thickening the clouds in the sky.
My noble uncle, do you know what’s causing his mood?
I don’t know.
Have you done everything possible to get him to explain?
I and many of our friends have tried to speak with him.
Here he comes.
If you don't mind, please leave us alone.
I hope you're lucky enough to hear the true story.
Come on, madam, let’s go.
Good morning, cousin.
Is it still that early?
The clock has just barely struck nine.
Oh, my!
Time goes by slowly when you’re sad.
Was that my father who just rushed away?
It was.
What sadness is making ROMEO's hours so long?
Lacking the thing which would make the hours short if I had it.
Are you in love?
Out.
So you’re not in love?
I am in love.
Oh, it is sad how love, which in theory seems like such a gentle thing, should in actual experience be so rough!
How can love, which is supposed to be blind, force you to be able to do what it wants?
Where should we eat?
Oh my goodness, what fighting happened here?
No, don’t tell me.
No, cousin  I'm crying instead.
But why, my good man?
Because of the way love has oppressed your heart.
That’s how it it goes with love.
My own sadness is a heavy weight on my chest, and now you’re going to add your own sadness to mine.
The love you are showing me is only increasing my grief.
Wait!
I’ll come with you.
If you leave me behind, you’ll be insulting me.
Oh, I’m not acting like myself.
It’s as if I’m not even here.
This is not ROMEO, he’s somewhere else.
Tell me, seriously, who is the one you love?
What?
Groan?!
Why, of course not.
Just tell me who it is.
You wouldn’t ask a sick man to “seriously” write out his will it would only make him feel worse.
Seriously, cousin, I do love a woman.
I figured that out when I guessed you were in love.
Then you have good aim!
And the woman I love is beautiful.
My dear cousin, a beautiful target is usually the one that is hit fastest.
Well, now you missed the target.
She won’t be hit by Cupid’s arrow.
She’s like Diana , protected by the armor of chastity.
She is immune to the weak and childish arrows of love.
She ignores words of love, refuses to even let you look at her with loving eyes, or open her lap to receive golden gifts that would even tempt a saint.
So she’s sworn to live her life a virgin?
Listen to me.
Stop thinking about her.
Oh, then teach me to forget how to think!
By letting your eyes wander.
Take a look at other beautiful girls.
Such comparisons will only make her own beauty more obvious.
It will be like the masks that pretty girls wear to hide their faces.
When they hide their beauty, they make us think of it more.
I'll teach you how to forget, or else I'll die owing you the lesson.
MONTAGUE has sworn the same oath I have, and is bound by the same penalty.
I don’t think it should be hard for men as old as us to remain peaceful.
You both have honorable reputations.
It’s a pity you’ve been enemies for so long.
But, now, my lord: how do you respond to my request?
By repeating what I’ve said before.
My child is still extremely young.
She’s not even fourteen years old.
Let’s allow two more summers to pass before we consider her ready for marriage.
Girls who are younger than your daughter have become happy mothers.
Girls who marry that young grow up too quickly.
Find the people whose names are on this list?
It’s written that shoemakers and tailors should use each others’ tools, and that fisherman should play with paints while painters should play with with fishing nets.
Come on, ROMEO.
Starting a new fire will put out the old one.
An old pain is lessened by the arrival of a new one.
The plantain leaf is excellent for that.
For what?
For treating your injured shin.
Why, ROMEO, have you gone crazy?
A blessed good evening to you.
Excuse me, sir, do you know how to read?
Yes.
Perhaps you’ve memorized it .
But, I beg your answer, can you read anything you see?
Yes, if I know the letters and the language.
You speak honestly.
Have a nice day.
Stay, man.
I can read.
Up.
Where?
To supper.
Whose house?
My master’s house.
Indeed, I should have asked you that earlier.
I’ll tell you so that you don’t have to ask.
Rosaline whom you love so much is going to attend CAPULET's traditional feast, along with all the beautiful woman of Verona.
I'll go along with you  not to look at other women, but to rejoice in my love's beauty.
Nurse, where’s my daughter?
Tell her to come here.
I swear by my virginity at age twelve, I told her to come.
What is this?!
Heaven forbid!
Where is that girl?
JULIET!
JULIET enters.
What?
Your mother.
Madam, I’m here.
What do you want?
Yes, I know her age to the hour.
She’s not yet fourteen.
I’d bet fourteen of my teeth but, to be honest, I actually only have four teeth that she’s not fourteen.
How long is it until August st ?
Two weeks and a few odd days.
Enough of this.
Please, be quiet.
Yes, madam.
But I have to laugh when I think that the baby stopped crying and said, “Yes.
Please, Nurse, I'm asking you to step, too.
I'll be quiet.
I’m done.
May you receive God’s grace.
You were the prettiest baby I ever nursed.
In fact, marriage is exactly what I came here to discuss.
Tell me, JULIET, my daughter  what do you think about getting married?
It's an honor that I don’t think about at all.
“An honor!
” If I weren’t the only nurse you’ve had, I’d say you’d sucked wisdom from the breast that fed you.
Well, you should start thinking about marriage.
In Verona, girls from noble families who are younger than you have already become mothers.
By my count, I was already your mother at around your age, while you remain a virgin.
So, to be brief: the valiant Paris wants to marry you.
What a man, young lady!
He’s a man as great as any other in the world.
He’s so perfect it’s as if he were sculpted from wax.
Verona in the summertime has no flower as fine as him.
He’s a fine flower, absolutely, a flower.
What do you say, JULIET?
Can you love this gentleman?
Tonight he’ll be at our feast.
Lose nothing?
No, you’d get bigger.
Men make women bigger .
Answer me now.
Can you love Paris?
We’ll follow you.
JULIET, Paris is waiting for you.
What excuse will we make?
Or should we enter without apology?
It’s no longer fashionable to talk that much.
We’re not going to announce our entrance with some guy blindfolded, dressed up as Cupid, and carrying a toy bow in order to frighten the ladies like some scarecrow.
Nor will we introduce ourselves with a memorized speech.
They can judge us however they want.
Give me a torch.
I don’t feel like dancing.
Since I’m sad, I might as well carry the light.
No, sweet ROMEO, you have to dance.
Not me, believe me.
You’ve got on dancing shoes with nimble soles.
But my soul is made of lead so heavy that it anchors me to the ground and I can’t move.
You’re a lover.
Borrow Cupid’s wings and use them to soar higher than the average man.
If you sink in love , then you’re burdening it.
Is love really so tender?
To me it seems too rough, too rude, too unruly, and it pricks like a thorn.
If love is rough with you, be rough with love.
Prick love when it pricks you, and you’ll beat love down.
Give me a mask to put over my face.
A mask to cover that mask I call my face.
What do I care if someone sees my flaws?
Let the this mask, with its dark eyebrows, blush for me.
Come on, let’s knock and go inside.
And once inside, let’s all start dancing.
Give me a torch to carry.
Let those with light hearts dance.
There’s an old proverb that fits me perfectly: I’ll hold a torch and watch.
The game looks like fun, but I’m done with it.
Come on, “dun ” is the color of a timid mouse.
No, that’s wrong it’s night.
We mean well by going to this party, but it’s not smart of us to go.
Why, may I ask?
I dreamed a dream last night.
So did I.
What was your dream?
I dreamed that dreamers often lie.
They lie in bed while dreaming about true things.
Oh, then I see Queen Mab has visited you.
Queen Mab?
Calm down, calm down!
Mercutio, be calm.
This wind you’re talking about is blowing us off course.
Dinner is already over.
Bang the drum!
Where’s Potpan, who’s not helping us clear the table?
Has he even moved or scraped a plate?
When all the good manners are owned by just one or two men, and even those two are dirty, it’s a bad thing.
Clear away the stools, sideboards, and plates.
My friend, save me a piece of marzipan, and if you love me, have the porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell.
Antony and Potpan!
Yes, boy, I’m ready.
You’re being called for, asked after, and looked for in the great chamber.
We can’t be both here and there at once!
Be cheerful, boys.
Be quick for a while, and may the longest lived take everything.
Welcome, gentlemen.
All the ladies who aren’t suffering from corns on their feet will dance with you.
Ha ha!
My ladies, now which of you will refuse to dance now?
If any of you acts shyly, I’ll swear she has corns.
Have I hit the mark?
Welcome, gentlemen.
Once there was a time when I could wear a mask and charm a girl by whispering a story in her ear.
No more, no more, no more.
You are welcome gentlemen.
Come, musicians, play.
Make room in the hall!
Make room!
Dance, girls.
By the Virgin Mary, I’d swear thirty years.
Longer, longer.
Lucentio’s son is older than that, sir.
He’s thirty.
How can you say that?
His son was still a minor two years ago.
Who is that girl on the arm of that man over there?
I don’t know, sir.
Oh, she teaches the torches to burn bright!
By his voice I know that this man is a MONTAGUE.
Get my sword, boy.
How dare this punk come here with his face covered by a mask so he can mock and scorn our celebration?
To defend the honor of my family, I don’t think it would be a sin to kill him.
What’s all this, nephew?
Why are so furious?
It’s young ROMEO, right?
That’s him, that villain ROMEO.
Calm yourself, gentle nephew .
Leave him be.
He holds himself like a gentleman of good manners, and, to be honest, everyone in Verona says that he is a virtuous and well behaved youth.
Not for all the wealth in this town would I insult him in my own house.
Be calm.
Pretend you never saw him.
That is my command, and if you respect me, you’ll stop with all these frowns, which is no way to behave at a party.
It’s the way to behave when a scoundrel like him shows up.
I won’t stand him coming here.
You will stand him.
What, boy?
I say you will.
Get out of here.
Am I the master here, or you?
Get out.
You won’t stand him?
God save my soul, you’ll start a riot among my guests!
And you’ll crow like a rooster, like you’re the man!
But, uncle, we’re being dishonered.
Come on, come on.
You’re an impertinent boy.
Is that really how you think it is?
This silliness is likely to come back to harm you.
The blend of enforced restraint with my burning rage is making me tremble.
If I offend you by touching your holy hand with my own unworthy one, then my lips stand ready, like two blushing pilgrims, to smooth my rough touch with a gentle kiss.
Don’t saints have lips?
Yes, pilgrim lips they’re supposed to use to pray.
Oh, then, saint, let lips do what hands do: pray.
Grant my prayer or my faith will turn to despair.
Saints don’t move, though they do grant prayers.
Then remain still while I pray.
Then my lips now have the sin they took from yours.
Sin from my lips?
Oh, how you urge me on to another crime.
Give me back my sin.
You kiss as if you’ve studied how .
Madam, your mother wants to speak with you.
Who is her mother?
Is she a CAPULET?
Oh, what a price I’ve paid!
My life is now owned by my enemy.
Yes, it is still perfect now.
But I’m afraid it will never be perfect again.
No, gentlemen, don’t leave now.
We have a bit of dessert arriving any moment.
Is that so?
Then, I thank you.
I thank you, honest gentlemen.
Good night.
Bring more torches over here!
Come on, let’s all get to bed.
Ah, good sir, by God, it’s late.
I’m going sleep.
Come here, nurse.
Who is that gentleman over there?
The son and heir of old Tiberio.
Who’s the one going out the door?
That, I think, is young Petruchio.
What about the one over there, who wouldn’t dance?
I don’t know him.
Go ask.
The one man I love is the son of the one man I hate!
What’s this?
What’s this?
A rhyme I learned just now from somebody I danced with.
On our way, on our way!
Come along, let's go.
The strangers have all left.
Now ROMEO's old desire for Rosaline lies in its deathbed, and a new love is ready to be its heir.
ROMEO used to groan and swear he would die for Rosaline's love, but now he finds Rosaline's beauty nothing in comparison to tender JULIET's.
Can I continue on while my heart stays here?
I’ll be nothing but an empty body unless I go back to find my heart.
ROMEO!
Cousin ROMEO!
He ran this way and jumped over this orchard wall.
Call him, Mercutio.
No, I’ll summon him as I would a spirit.
ROMEO!
Humors!
You’ll make him angry if he hears you.
This won’t make him angry.
Come on.
He’s hidden within these trees to be alone with the night.
If love is blind, it can’t hit the target.
He’ll sit under a medlar tree and wish his love were one of its fruits, which women, when they’re alone, joke look like female genitals.
He jokes about scars from wounds he’s never felt.
But wait!
What light is that in the window over there?
It is the east, and JULIET is the sun.
Rise, beautiful sun, and kill the jealous moon , which is already sick and pale with grief because JULIET, her maid, is more beautiful than she is.
Don’t be her maid, since she’s jealous.
The moon’s virginity makes her look sick and green , and only fools hold on to their virginity.
Throw it off.
It is my lady.
Oh, it is my love.
Oh, I wish she knew I loved her.
She’s talking, but isn’t saying anything.
Why is that?
Her eyes are speaking.
I’ll respond no, I am too bold.
It’s not to me she speaks.
Oh, my!
She speaks.
Speak again, bright angel.
For tonight you are as glorious as an angel, shining above my head like a winged messenger from heaven; one who makes mortals fall onto their backs to gaze up in awe as the angel strides across the clouds and sails through the air.
Oh, ROMEO, ROMEO, why must you be ROMEO?
Deny your father and give up your name.
Should I listen longer, or respond now to these words?
Only your name is my enemy.
You’d be yourself even if you ceased to be a MONTAGUE.
What’s a MONTAGUE, after all?
It’s not a hand, foot, arm, face, or any other body part.
Oh, change your name!
What’s the significance of a name?
The thing we call a rose would smell as sweet even if we called it by some other name.
So even if ROMEO had some other name, he would still be perfect.
ROMEO, take off your name which really has no connection to who you are and take all of me instead.
I take you at your word.
If you call me your love, I’ll take a new name.
From now on I’ll never again be ROMEO.
Who are you, hiding in the darkness and eavesdropping on my private thoughts?
I don’t know how to tell you who I am by using a name.
I hate my name, dear saint, because it is your enemy.
If I had it written down, I would tear up the word.
I haven't even heard you say a hundred words yet, but I do recognize the sound of your voice.
Aren’t you ROMEO, the MONTAGUE?
Beautiful girl, I’ll be neither of those things, if you dislike them.
How and why did you come here?
If they see you they’ll murder you.
I’d give the world to make sure they do not see you here.
Who told you how to find my my bedroom?
Love, which spurred me to come and find you.
Love advised me, while I lent love my eyes.
I’m not a sailor.
Still, even if you were on the shore across the farthest sea, I would set out to find you.
The darkness of night masks my face, or else you’d see me blushing about the things you heard me say tonight.
Lady, I swear by the sacred moon, which outlines in silver the tops of these fruit trees
Please don’t swear by the moon, the unreliable moon, which changes its position in the sky each month.
What should I swear by?
Don’t swear at all.
Or, if you must swear, swear by your magnificent self, which is the god I worship like an idol, and I’ll believe you.
If my heart’s dear love
Well, don’t swear.
Although you bring me joy, I can’t take joy in this exchange of promises tonight.
Are you going to leave me so unsatisfied?
What satisfaction could you have tonight?
If we exchanged vows of love.
You’d take back your vow?
Why, my love?
In order to generously give it to you again.
But I’m wishing for something I have already.
My generosity to you is as endless as the sea, my love as deep as the sea.
The more love I give you, the more I have.
Oh, blessed, blessed night!
Three words, dear ROMEO, and then good night.
Madam!
I’ll be right there!
But if your intentions are not honorable, I beg you
Madam!
In a second, I’m coming!
to give up your efforts to win me and leave me to grieve.
I’ll send the messenger tomorrow.
My soul depends on it
A thousand times good night.
It is a thousand times worse to leave you.
A lover goes toward his beloved as joyfully as a schoolboy leaving his books.
Psst!
ROMEO!
It is my soul that calls out my name.
Lovers' voices at night sound silver sweet, the most lovely music to lovers’ ears.
ROMEO!
My little hawk?
At what time tomorrow should I send the messenger to you?
Nine o’clock.
I won’t fail.
It will feel like twenty years until then.
I’ve forgotten why I called you back.
I’ll stand here until you remember.
I’ll forget it, so you’ll have to stand there forever, because of how much I love your company.
And I’ll remain here, even if you keep forgetting.
It’s almost morning.
I want to force you to go.
I wish I were your bird.
Sweetheart, so do I.
But I would pet you so much it would kill you.
Good night.
May sleep shut your eyes, and may you feel peace in your heart.
Good morning, father.
God bless you.
Whose voice greets me so sweetly this early in the morning?
My son, jumping so quickly out of bed this early indicates some trouble in your thoughts.
All old men have concerns, and these worries never let them sleep.
Young men, though, should be carefree and without worry, and their sleep should be restful and long.
That last is right.
The rest I had was sweeter than sleep.
God forgive all sin!
Did you sleep with Rosaline?
With Rosaline, my holy father?
That’s good, my son.
But where were you, then?
I’ll tell you before you ask me again.
I’ve been at a party with my enemy, where suddenly someone wounded me and was in turn wounded by me.
But both of us can be cured by your holy power.
I hold no hatred, blessed father, because my request will also help my enemy.
Speak plainly, my son.
Be clear.
Here it is set plain: I love the beautiful daughter of rich CAPULET.
Holy Saint Francis, what an incredible change!
Have you so quickly abandoned Rosaline, whom you loved so much?
If so, then young men love not with their hearts but with their eyes.
Jesus and Mary, you cried so many tears for Rosaline!
So many salty tear drops wasted, seasoning a love you never even tasted!
The sun has not yet burned away the fog from all your sighs.
You often scolded me for loving Rosaline.
I scolded you for obsessing, not for loving, my student.
And you urged me to bury my love.
But not to bury it in a grave in order to start a new love.
I beg you, don’t scold me.
The one I love now returns my love.
The other did not.
Oh, Rosaline knew that you were play acting at love but did not actually understand what love means.
Let’s go, then!
Let’s do this quickly.
Go wisely, and go slowly.
Those who rush into things stumble.
Where the devil is ROMEO?
Did he come home last night?
Not to his father’s house.
I asked ROMEO’s servant.
Rosaline  that pale skinned, hard hearted wench   torments him so much that he’s going to go insane.
Tybalt, old CAPULET’s kinsman, has sent a letter to ROMEO’s father’s house.
I bet it’s a challenge to fight.
ROMEO will answer it.
Any man who can write is able to answer a letter.
No, ROMEO will respond to the letter writer and accept the challenge.
Poor ROMEO!
Why, what’s up with Tybalt?
He’s more than just the Prince of Cats .
Oh, he does everything according to convention.
He fights like you sing printed music, carefully keeping the correct time, distance, and rhythm.
He rests when it is proper to rest: one, two, and the third in your heart.
He knows what?
A curse on these wild, pompous fellows who are always spouting exotic foreign phrases.
Here comes ROMEO, here comes ROMEO.
He looks skinny as a dried herring without its eggs.
O flesh, flesh, you’ve turned pale as a fish.
Now he’s just like Petrarch’s hopeless love poetry.
Good morning to you both.
What do you mean I tricked you?
You gave us the slip, sir, the slip.
Do you understand me now?
So what you’re saying is that your “business” forced you to flex your legs .
Meaning make a curtsy?
Now you’ve “hit it.
What a courteous explanation.
Indeed, I am the very “pink” of courtesy.
As in the pink flower .
Right.
Well, then my pump is covered in flowers.
This jest has such a thin sole, and is unique only because of its lameness.
Please break up this war of words, Benvolio.
My wits can’t keep up.
Continue, continue, or I’ll proclaim victory.
You would not have been with me for anything if you weren’t there for the goose.
I’ll bite you on the ear for that joke.
No, good goose, don’t bite me.
Your wit is a bitter apple.
It is a very spicy sauce.
Isn’t that the perfect sauce for a sweet goose?
Oh, that joke is made of leather so thin it has been stretched from an inch wide to a full fat yard.
Now, isn’t this jesting better than groaning about love?
Now you’re being sociable.
Now you’re ROMEO.
Stop there, stop there.
You’re asking me to stop my tale before it’s finished.
Continuing on would have made your tale too long.
You’re wrong there.
Now here’s something.
A sail, a sail!
Peter!
In a moment.
Give me my fan, Peter.
Good Peter, to hide her face, please give her the fan.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Good afternoon, beautiful lady.
Is it afternoon?
Get out of town!
What kind of man are you?
A man, good lady, whom God has made for himself to ruin.
I swear, that seems the truth.
“For himself to ruin,” he says.
Gentlemen, can any of you tell me where I can find young ROMEO?
I can tell you, but young ROMEO will be older when you have found him than he was when you began to look for him.
I am the youngest man by that name, because there is none younger or worse.
You speak well.
Is the worst well?
Very well taken, in truth, very wise.
If you’re ROMEO, sir, I would like to have a private conversation with you.
She will invite him to dinner.
A pimp!
A pimp!
What have you discovered?
Well, she can’t be a prostitute unless she’s so stale and old that she’s only tasted when nothing else is available.
I’ll follow after you.
Farewell, old lady.
Farewell, lady, lady, lady.
Please tell me, sir, who was that foulmouthed fellow with all his dirty jokes?
If he says anything against me, I’ll teach him a lesson, even if he were tougher than he is and twenty wise asses like him.
And if I couldn’t take him down myself, I’ll find someone who can.
That rotten scoundrel!
I’m not one of his flirty girls.
I’m not one of his low life scheming friends.
And you just stand aside, letting every fool make fun of me for pleasure?
I didn’t see anybody use you for pleasure.
If I had, I’d have quickly pulled out my weapon, I assure you.
I draw my sword as quickly as any other man if I see a good fight brewing and the law is on my side.
Now, by God, I’m so upset that I’m shaking.
That rotten scoundrel!
Now, good sir, may I speak with you?
My young mistress sent me to find you.
What she told me to say, I will keep to myself.
But first let me say: if you lead her into a fool’s paradise, as they say, it would be extremely indecent behavior, as they say.
Nurse, speak well of me to your mistress.
I pledge to you
Your heart is good, and I promise, I will tell her that.
Lord, Lord, she will be a joyful woman.
What are you going to tell her, Nurse?
You’re not understanding me.
I will tell her, sir, that you protest to her, which I think is a gentlemanly offer.
Tell her to devise a way to come to confession this afternoon.
And there, at Friar Lawrence’s cell, she can make confession and we will be married.
Here is a reward for your efforts.
No, truly, sir.
I won’t take your money.
Go on, I insist.
This afternoon, sir?
She will be there.
Just a moment, good Nurse.
May God in heaven bless you!
Now listen, sir.
What, my dear Nurse?
Can your servant be trusted?
I guarantee you that my man is as trustworthy as steel.
Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.
Yes, Nurse, what about that?
Both begin with an “R.
Ah, you jokester that’s the dog’s name.
Speak well of me to your lady.
Yes, a thousand times.
I’m ready.
Go ahead of me, and go quickly.
It was nine o’clock when I sent the Nurse.
She promised to be back in half an hour.
Maybe she can’t find him.
No, that makes no sense.
Oh, she’s so slow!
Love’s messengers should be thoughts, which fly ten times faster than sunbeams and drive the shadows back over the dark and scowling hills.
Peter, go back and wait at the gate.
Now, good sweet Nurse Oh Lord, why do you look so sad?
If your news is sad, tell it to me as if it’s happy.
If it’s good, you’re messing it up by telling it to me with such a sour face like that.
I’m weary.
Give me some time alone.
Oh, my bones are aching!
What a journey this has been today.
I wish you had my bones, and I had your news.
I beg you, speak.
Good, good Nurse, tell me!
Jesus, what a rush you're in!
Can’t you wait for awhile?
Don’t you see that I’m out of breath?
How are you out of breath when you have the breath to tell me that you’re out of breath?
The excuse you’re making while delaying telling me the news is taking longer than it would to tell me your tale.
Is your news good or bad?
Answer that.
Tell me that, and I’ll wait for the details.
Tell me at least that.
Is it good or bad?
Well, you have made a foolish choice.
You don’t know how to choose a man.
ROMEO?
No, no.
I already knew everything you just said.
What did he say about our marriage?
What about that?
Lord, I have such a headache!
It’s pounding as if it’s about to break into twenty pieces.
And on my other side my back is aching ah, my back!
Curse your heart for sending me out and about.
I could get sick and die from all this journeying around!
Indeed, I’m sorry you’re in pain.
Sweet, sweet, sweet Nurse, tell me, what does my love say?
Where’s my mother?
Why, she’s inside.
Where else would she be?
What a strange answer!
“Your love says, like an honorable gentleman, ‘Where is your mother?’”
Mary, mother of God!
Are you in such a hurry?
Indeed, you need to calm down.
Is this the way to soothe my aching bones?
What a fuss you’re making.
Come on, what did ROMEO say?
Do you have permission to go to confession today?
I do.
Then hurry up and go to Friar Lawrence’s cell.
There waits a husband to make you his wife.
Now the lustful blood is rushing up to your cheeks.
You blush scarlet whenever you get excited at some news.
Get to church.
I must go elsewhere to get a rope ladder that your love will use to climb up to your window when it’s dark.
I'll hurry off to my good fortune!
Goodbye, trustworthy Nurse.
May the heavens smile upon this holy act of marriage, so that afterwards nothing happens to make us feel sorrowful about it.
Amen, amen.
But whatever sorrow comes, it couldn’t overwhelm the joy I feel from a single look at her.
Good evening, my spiritual confessor.
ROMEO will thank you, my girl, for both of us.
I’ll give him equal thanks, so we’re even.
I can imagine more than I can say I have more on my mind than words.
Anyone who can count how much he has is poor.
My true love has made me so rich that I can’t count even half of my wealth.
I’m begging you, good Mercutio, let’s go home.
You’re the kind of guy who walks into a bar, slaps his sword down on the table and says, “I hope I don’t have to use you.
” By the time he’s having his second drink, he draws his sword on the bartender for no reason.
You think I’m like that?
So what?
Your life insurance?
You’re a fool!
By God, Here come the CAPULETs.
By my foot, I couldn’t care less.
Follow me closely.
I’ll speak to them.
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
You want a single word with one of us?
Combine it with something else.
Make it a word and a punch.
You’ll find me happy to do that, sir, if you give me a reason.
You can’t find a reason without my giving you one?
Mercutio, you hang out with ROMEO.
We’re talking here in public.
Either let’s go somewhere private and calmly discuss your complaints, or else just go our separates ways.
Here, everybody can see us.
Men’s eyes were made to see.
Let them watch.
Well, may peace be with you.
Here comes the man I’m after.
Sir, I’ll be hanged if he’s your man, in your servant's uniform.
Walk out into a field and he’ll chase you.
That’s the only sense in which you can call him your “man.
”
ROMEO, I have just one thing to say to you: you’re a villain.
Tybalt, I love you for a reason that allows me to ignore the rage I would normally feel in response to such a greeting.
I’m not a villain.
Therefore, goodbye.
I can see that you don’t know me at all.
Boy, these words don’t excuse the injuries you’ve done to me.
Turn and draw your sword.
Such a calm submission is both dishonorable and vile!
The thrust of a sword will sweep it away.
Tybalt, you rat catcher, will you duel with me?
What do you want from me?
I’ll duel with you.
Noble Mercutio, put your sword away.
Get on with it, sir.
Let’s get out of here, Tybalt.
I’m hurt.
May a plague strike both your families.
I’m done.
Did he get away without injury?
What, are you hurt?
Yes, yes.
A scratch, just a scratch.
Yet it’s enough.
Where is my page?
Have courage, man.
The injury can’t be so bad.
It’s not as deep as a well or as wide as a church door, but it’s enough.
Ask for me tomorrow, and you’ll find me a grave man.
My time in this world is done, I believe.
May a plague strike both your families.
I was trying to do what was right.
Carry me inside some house, Benvolio, or else I will faint.
May a plague strike both your families!
They’ve made me into food for worms.
I’m finished.
Curse your families!
This gentleman, a kinsman of the Prince and my friend, was killed while fighting on my behalf, to defend me against Tybalt’s insults.
Tybalt, who has been my own kinsman for an hour!
Oh ROMEO, ROMEO, brave Mercutio is dead!
His noble spirit has gone to heaven, but it was too early for him to leave this life.
Today’s dark fate will determine the future.
These events only begin the sorrow that is to come.
The furious Tybalt has returned.
Alive and triumphant, while Mercutio is dead?
Our fight will decide who goes to heaven.
ROMEO, get away from here.
The citizens are coming, and Tybalt is dead.
Don’t just stand there staring.
If you’re caught, the Prince will execute you.
Get out of here!
Oh, fate has played me for a fool!
Why are you still here?
Where did the man who killed Mercutio run?
Tybalt, that murderer, which way did he go?
Tybalt is lying right there.
Get up, sir, and come with me.
By the name of the Prince, I command you to obey.
Where are the evil instigators of this fight?
Oh, noble prince, I can explain everything about the unfortunate events that led to this deadly fight.
There lies Tybalt, the man who killed your relative, brave Mercutio.
Tybalt, my nephew!
My brother’s son!
Oh Prince, oh nephew, oh husband!
Oh, my dear kinsman is dead!
Benvolio, who began this deadly fight?
Tybalt did, who then was killed by ROMEO.
Benvolio is a MONTAGUE.
His loyalty compels him to lie.
He’s lying.
There must have been twenty MONTAGUEs fighting, and together all twenty of them could only kill one man.
I beg for justice that only you, Prince, can give.
ROMEO killed Tybalt.
ROMEO must die.
ROMEO killed Tybalt.
Not ROMEO, Prince.
And for that offense I immediately exile him from this place.
I have a part in your rivalry; my blood relative, Mercutio, lies bleeding because of your rude fights.
But I will punish you so harshly that you will regret causing me this loss.
I will be deaf to your pleas and your excuses.
Move faster you fiery footed horses, bearing the sun toward its nighttime resting place.
Phaeton would whip you so hard that you would already have brought the sun west and night would come immediately.
Come, night, with your darkness, so that ROMEO can come to me without anyone knowing and leap into my arms.
In the dark, lovers can still see enough, by the light of their own beauty, to make love.
Yes, yes, the ladder.
Oh no, what’s your news?
Why are you wringing your hands?
Alas!
He’s dead.
He’s dead.
He’s dead!
We’re done for, lady, done for!
Can God be so cruel?
ROMEO can be, though God is not.
Oh, ROMEO, ROMEO!
Who ever would have guessed?
ROMEO!
What kind of a devil are you to torment me in this way?
This sort of torture is fit only for hell.
Has ROMEO killed himself?
Say “yes” and that single word will poison me more terribly than could even the deadly gaze of the cockatrice .
I will cease to be myself if you say that ROMEO killed himself.
If he’s dead, say “yes.
” If not, say “no.
Oh, my poor, bankrupt heart is breaking.
Oh Tybalt, Tybalt, the best friend I ever had!
Oh, well  mannered, honorable Tybalt!
What storm is this to cause so many different disasters?
Has ROMEO been killed, and Tybalt too?
Tybalt is dead.
ROMEO has been banished.
Oh God, did ROMEO’s hand shed Tybalt’s blood?
It did, it did.
Unfortunately, it did.
Oh, he has a traitor’s heart hidden behind a pretty face!
Did any dragon ever nest in such a pretty cave?
He’s a beautiful tyrant!
A fiendish angel!
A raven hiding under the feathers of a dove!
A lamb that kills like a wolf!
A hateful reality hidden by a beautiful appearance.
There is no trust, faith, or honesty in men.
They all break their oaths.
They’re all wicked.
They all lie.
Where’s my servant?
May blisters cover your tongue for making a wish like that!
ROMEO was not born to have anything to do with shame.
Shame could never be connected to him, because he is destined only to experience great and total honor.
You’re going to speak well of the man who killed your cousin?
Should I speak badly of my own husband?
Ah, my poor husband, who will speak well of you when I, your wife of three hours, have been calling you such dreadful names?
But why, you villain, did you kill my cousin?
Because my villain of a cousin would have killed you, my husband.
I refuse to cry.
These tears which seem like sadness for Tybalt’s death are actually tears of joy that ROMEO is still alive.
Crying over Tybalt’s corpse.
Will you join them?
I’ll bring you there.
Do they wash Tybalt’s wounds with their tears?
Go to your bedroom.
I’ll go bring ROMEO to comfort you.
I know where he is.
Pay attention: your ROMEO will be here tonight.
I’ll get him.
He’s hiding in Friar Lawrence’s cell.
Oh, go and find him!
ROMEO, come here.
Come here, you frightened man.
Trouble follows you, and you’re married to catastrophe.
Father, what’s the news?
Did the Prince state how I am to be punished?
What unknown suffering is coming for me?
My dear son, you’re too familiar with suffering.
I do have news for you about the Prince’s punishment for you.
Is it anything less than my death?
Banishment!
You are banished from Verona.
Be patient, the world is big and anything can happen.
The world outside Verona’s walls is like purgatory, torture, hell itself.
Oh, deadly sin!
Oh, you rude, unthankful child!
Your crime is punishable by death, but the Prince in his kindness defended you, and bypassed the law by replacing death with banishment.
This is mercy, but you can’t see it.
It’s torture, not mercy.
You silly madman, listen to me for a second.
Now you’re just going to talk again about banishment.
I’ll protect you from that word by using the cure for adversity philosophy which will comfort you even though you’ve been banished.
Ah, I’ve discovered that madmen are deaf.
Why should madmen hear, when wise men can’t see?
Let me discuss your situation with you.
You can’t talk about something you don’t feel.
Get up.
Someone’s knocking.
Hide, good ROMEO.
The only way I’ll hide is if my heartsick groans produce a mist that covers me from people’s searching eyes.
They knock again!
Who’s there?
ROMEO, stand up.
They’ll catch you.
Hold on a moment.
ROMEO, stand up.
Let me in, and I’ll tell you why I’m here.
I come from Lady JULIET.
Welcome, then.
There, on the ground, drunk on his own tears.
He’s acting like JULIET, exactly like her.
Oh awful sympathy!
What a dreadful predicament!
Nurse!
Well, sir, well.
Death comes for everybody.
What of JULIET?
How is she?
Does she think that I’m a cold  blooded murderer because I corrupted our newfound love by killing her relative?
Where is she?
How is she?
What does my wife say about our love?
She calls out my name as if it were a bullet that had been shot from a gun and murdered her, just as I murdered her cousin.
Tell me, Friar, in what vile part of my body does my name rest?
Tell me, so I can cut it out of myself.
Stop!
Don’t do anything out of desperation.
Are you a man?
You look like a man.
But your tears are womanly .
Your wildness is like the irrational fury of a beast.
Oh Lord, I could stay here all night listening to good advice like yours.
Education is amazing!
My lord, I’ll tell my lady you will come.
Do that, and tell my beloved to be ready to scold me.
Here, sir, take this ring she asked me to give you.
Hurry, it’s getting late.
This ring lifts my spirits!
Now go.
Good night.
And remember that everything depends on you being out of Verona before the night watch takes its position, or that you disguise yourself and leave after daybreak.
Stay a while in Mantua.
I’ll find your servant, and every once in a while I’ll send you news through him about every good thing that occurs for you here.
Give me your hand.
It’s late.
Farewell.
Sir, everything has gone so badly that we haven’t had any time to speak with JULIET about marrying you.
She loved her cousin Tybalt dearly, as did I.
Well, we were all born to die.
It’s very late.
She won’t be coming downstairs tonight.
In fact, if I wasn’t meeting with you, I’d have gone to bed an hour ago.
Painful times provide no chance for love.
Lady CAPULET, good night.
Speak well of me to your daughter.
I will.
And I’ll find out how she feels about marrying you early tomorrow.
Sir Paris, I’ll make a desperate present of my child’s love.
I think she’ll do whatever I tell her to do.
No, I’m sure she will.
Wife, go to see her before you go to bed.
Monday, my lord.
Monday!
Ha, ha!
Well, Wednesday is too soon.
My lord, I wish Thursday were tomorrow.
ROMEO and JULIET enter above the stage.
ROMEO and JULIET enter on the balcony above the stage.
You’re leaving?
It’s not yet close to daytime.
The sound you just heard was a nightingale, not a lark.
Each night the nightingale sings on that pomegranate tree.
Believe me, my love, it was the nightingale.
It was the lark, who sings to greet the dawn, not the nightingale.
My love, look at the streaks illuminating the clouds parting in the east.
That light isn’t daylight, I know it.
It’s some meteor sent from the sun to be a torchbearer, in order to light your way to Mantua.
So stay for a bit longer.
You don’t have to leave.
Let me be caught.
Let me be put to death.
I’ll be happy, if that’s how you want it.
I’ll say the grayness over there is not the coming morning.
Rather, it’s a pale reflection of the moon.
And that isn’t the lark singing in the sky above our heads.
I’d rather stay than go.
Come on, death!
You'd be welcome here!
JULIET wills it.
How are you, my love?
Let’s talk.
It’s day.
It is.
Get going, be gone, go away!
It’s the lark that’s singing so harshly and out of tune.
Some say the lark’s singing makes a sweet transition between day and night.
That’s not true, because the song divides the two of us.
Some say the lark and the disgusting toad traded eyes.
Now I wish they had also traded voices because the lark’s voice pulls us from each other’s arms, and sets men hunting after you.
Oh, get going.
It’s getting more and more light.
The lighter it gets, the darker is our misery.
Madam.
Nurse?
Your mother is on her way to your bedroom.
Day has arrived.
Be careful.
The window lets day in, and now my life goes out the window.
Farewell, farewell!
One more kiss, and I’ll go down the ladder.
Are you gone just like that, my love, my lord?
Farewell!
I’ll take every opportunity to send my love to you.
Oh, do you think we’ll ever meet again?
Oh God, my soul senses some evil coming!
Trust me, my love, in my eyes you look pale as well.
Sadness drains the color out of our faces.
Goodbye, goodbye!
Oh, Fortune.
People say that you are fickle, always changing your mind.
If you are so fickle, what will you do to ROMEO, who is so renowned for being faithful?
Hello, my daughter!
Who’s calling?
My mother?
Why is she up so late, or so early?
What could possibly be her reason for coming to see me?
What’s the matter, JULIET?
Madam, I’m not feeling well.
Are you going to weep forever about your cousin’s death?
Do you think you can wash him out of his grave with tears?
Even if you could, you couldn’t bring him back to life.
So stop crying.
Let me weep for such a terrible loss.
Weeping like this will make you feel the loss, but won’t help you feel the friend you’ve lost.
Feeling the loss so strongly, I can’t help but weep for him forever.
Well, girl, you’re weeping not for his death, but rather because the villain who murdered him still lives.
What villain, madam?
That same villain, ROMEO.
He’s far from a villain.
May God pardon him!
That’s because the traitorous murderer still lives.
Yes, madam, because he lives outside the reach of my hands.
I wish that I was the only one who could avenge my cousin’s death!
We’ll get revenge for it, don’t you worry.
Stop your weeping.
I’ll send a note to a certain man we know in Mantua, which is where that banished renegade ROMEO is living.
Find a way to do it, and I’ll find the man we need to help you.
But now I’ll tell you some joyful news, girl.
It’s good when there is joy during such sad times.
What’s the news, please?
Well, you have a father who cares for you, child.
To help you escape your sadness, he has arranged a soon to come day of joy that you didn’t expect and that I had not considered.
Madam, quickly, what day is that?
Well, my child, early Thursday morning, at Saint Peter’s Church, the gallant, young, and noble gentleman Count Paris will make you a joyful bride.
Right now I swear by Saint Peter’s Church and Peter too that he will not make me a joyful bride.
Here comes your father.
Tell him so yourself, and see how he takes it from you.
I’m not proud of what you found, but thankful for your efforts.
What, what, what, what?
Insane logic!
What is this?
Shame on you!
What, are you crazy?
Good father, I’m on my knees, begging you, please be patient and let me say just one thing.
You disobedient wretch of a worthless girl!
God in heaven bless her!
You’re wrong, my lord, to shout at her that way.
And why is that, my lady of such wisdom?
Shut up.
Go chatter with your gossiping cronies.
I haven't said anything wrong.
Oh, for God's sake!
Can’t I speak?
Quiet, you mumbling fool!
Save your wisdom for your gossiping buddies.
You’re too angry.
By God!
It makes me angry!
Day and night, hour after hour, through tide and time, working or playing, alone or with company, I’ve worked to get her a fine match.
Don’t talk to me.
I won’t say a word.
Oh God!
Oh, Nurse, how can we stop this?
My husband is alive on earth, our vows are up in heaven.
How can those vows come back down to earth, unless my husband dies and goes to heaven and sends them back down by doing so?
Comfort me.
Tell me what to do.
Oh, oh, why does God play like this with someone as small as me?
What do you say?
Don’t you have even one happy word?
Here’s what I think.
Are you speaking from your heart?
From my heart and my soul too.
Amen!
What?
Well, you have comforted me greatly.
Go inside and tell my mother that, because I made my father angry, I’ve gone to Friar Lawrence’s cell to confess and be absolved.
Indeed, I will.
Damned old lady!
Oh, she is the most wicked foe!
On Thursday, sir?
That’s extremely soon.
My father in law CAPULET wants it that way, and I’m not at all interested in slowing him down.
You say you don’t know what JULIET wants.
That’s a treacherous road.
I don’t like it.
I wish I didn’t know the reason why it should be slowed down.
Look, sir, here comes the lady toward my cell.
I’m happy to see you, my lady and my wife.
That might be, sir, when I’m married.
That “may be” will be, on Thursday, my love.
What must be will be.
That’s a certain truth.
Have you come to make confession to Father Lawrence?
If I answered that, I’d be confessing to you.
Don’t deny to him that you love me.
I’ll confess to you that I love him.
I'm sure you will also confess that you love me.
If I do so, it will be worth more if I say it behind your back than if I say it to your face.
Poor dear, your face has been abused by so many tears.
The tears haven’t won much, since my face wasn’t all that nice before I started to cry.
Now you’re abusing your face to say something untrue about it like that.
Your face is mine, and you have slandered it.
That may be true, since my face is not my own.
Are you free, Father, or should I come to you at evening mass?
I have time now, my sad daughter.
My lord, we must ask you for some time alone.
God forbid that I should intrude on confession!
JULIET, I will wake you early on Thursday.
Until then, goodbye, and keep this holy kiss.
Oh, shut the door!
Oh, JULIET, I already know why you’re so sad.
It’s too difficult a problem for me to know how to solve.
I’ve heard that on the coming Thursday you must marry this count, and nothing can delay it.
Friar, don't tell me that you’ve heard all this unless you can tell me how I can prevent it.
If with all your wisdom even you can’t help, then you must agree that my resolution to die is wise.
And this knife will help me do it.
Wait, daughter.
Be strong, then.
Go home, be cheerful, and agree to marry Paris.
Tomorrow is Wednesday.
Give it to me!
Don’t talk to me about fear.
Now go.
Be strong and good luck.
I’ll send a friar speeding to Mantua with my letter to ROMEO.
Love, give me strength, and that strength will help me.
Goodbye, dear father.
Invite all the guests written on this list.
How does that work?
Well, sir, it’s a bad cook who refuses to lick his own fingers.
So I won’t hire any cooks who won’t lick their own fingers.
Get going.
Yes, that’s the truth.
Well, there’s a chance he may do her some good.
She’s a stubborn good for nothing little whore.
Look, she’s back from confession looking happier.
How are you, my headstrong daughter?
Where have you been?
Send for the Count.
Tell him about this.
We’ll move the wedding to tomorrow morning.
I’m glad!
This is good.
Stand up.
Nurse, will you come with me to my room and help me pick out the clothes and jewelry that I should wear tomorrow?
No, not until Thursday.
There’s enough time.
Go, Nurse.
Go with her.
We’ll go to the church and have the wedding tomorrow.
We won’t have enough food or drink for the party.
It’s almost night already.
Yes, those clothes are the best.
Are you busy?
Do you need my help?
No, madam.
We’ve selected the things that would be best for me to wear at the ceremony tomorrow.
Good night.
Go to bed and get your rest.
Goodybe.
God only knows when we will meet again.
I feel a bit of cold fear tingling through my veins; it's almost freezing the heat of life.
I'll call them back into the room again to comfort me.
Nurse!
Oh, what good could she do here?
I must carry out this dismal performance by myself.
Come to me, vial.
What if this mixture doesn't work at all?
In that case, will I have to get married tomorrow morning?
No, no, this knife will forbid that from happening.
I'll put you down there.
They’re calling for dates and quinces in the kitchen.
Come on, get moving, get moving, get moving!
The second rooster has crowed.
The curfew bell has rung.
It’s three o’clock.
Go get the baked meats, good Angelica.
Don’t worry about the cost.
Oh, you cottage housewife, you.
Go to bed, my God.
You’ll be sick tomorrow from staying up all night.
No, no, not at all.
I’ve stayed up all night before for less important reasons, and never gotten sick from it.
She has become a jealous woman, a jealous woman!
Things for the cook, sir.
Hurry up, hurry up.
Good God.
And well said!
A joking bastard, ha!
You are a blockhead.
Mistress!
Hey, mistress!
JULIET!
Fast asleep, I bet.
Hey, lamb!
Hey, lady!
Hey, you sleepyhead!
Hey, love, I say!
Madam!
Sweetheart!
Hey, bride!
What, not a single word to say?
Enjoy this last bit of sleep now.
Get a week’s worth of sleep, because tonight, I bet, Count Paris will make sure that you don’t get much rest.
God forgive me.
Indeed, and amen.
How sound asleep she is!
I have to wake her.
Madam, madam, madam!
Yes, let the count take you in your bed.
He’ll wake you up, no doubt.
What’s with all the noise?
Oh, terrible day!
What’s the matter?
Look, look!
Oh, what an awful day!
Oh no, oh no!
My child, my reason for being, come back!
Look up, or I’ll die with you!
Help, help!
For shame, get JULIET out here.
Her bridegroom has arrived.
She’s dead, deceased, dead.
Curse the day!
Curse the day.
She’s dead, she’s dead, she’s dead!
What?
Let me see her.
No!
She’s cold.
Her blood has stopped, and her joints are stiff.
Life left her body a long while ago.
Death rests on her like an unexpected frost that killed the most beautiful flower.
Oh terrible day!
Oh awful time!
Death, which has taken her away to make me cry, ties up my tongue and will not let me speak.
Come, is the bride ready to go to church?
She’s ready to go, but not to return.
Oh son!
On the night before your wedding day, death has slept with your wife.
There she lies, a flower who was deflowered by death.
Death is my son in law.
Death is my heir.
Death has married my daughter.
I will die and leave everything to Death.
Life, living  it all is Death’s now.
Have I waited to see this morning for so long, only for it to look like this?
Cursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
The most miserable hour that ever existed in all of time.
Oh misery!
Oh miserable, miserable, miserable day!
The saddest day, most miserable day that I ever, ever saw!
She was tricked, divorced, wronged, spited, killed!
Despised, distressed, hated, martyred, killed!
Why did you come now, Death, to murder, murder our joy?
Oh child!
Oh child!
My soul and not my child!
Quiet, for shame!
Your outcries are no cure for confusion.
Both you and heaven played a part in giving you your child.
Now heaven has her, and she is better off.
The things that we prepared for the wedding now will be used instead for the funeral.
Our musical instruments will be exchanged for mourning bells.
I guess we can put our pipes away and leave.
Yes, but this case at least can be mended.
Musicians, oh, musicians!
Play “Heart’s Ease,” “Heart’s Ease.
Why “Heart’s Ease?”
Oh, musicians, because my heart itself is playing “My Heart is Full of Woe.
” Oh, play me some happy mournful tune to comfort me.
No, we won’t play a sad song.
Now is not the time for it.
You won’t, then?
No.
Then I’ll give you something you won’t forget.
What will you give us?
Not money, I swear.
But I’ll insult you, and call you rogues.
Then I’ll call you a lowly servant.
Then I’ll take my serving knife to smack you upside the head.
I won’t need to sing.
I’ll make you sing.
Do you hear me?
If you make us sing, you’ll hear us.
Please, put away your knife and show some wits.
I’ll attack you with my wit!
I’ll put away my iron dagger and thrash you with my wicked wit.
Answer me like men.
Well, sir, because silver has a sweet sound.
A witty reply!
What do you say, Hugh Rebeck ?
I say “silver sound,” because musicians play music to earn silver.
More wit!
What do you say, James Soundpost ?
Well, I don’t know what to say.
Oh, I beg your pardon.
You’re the singer .
What an annoying fool this man is!
Oh, let him hang, man!
Come with me, we'll go in here, wait for the mourners, and stay for dinner.
If I can trust the favorable truth of sleep, then my dreams foretell some joyful news is on the way.
Love sits lightly in my heart, and all day an odd feeling has seemed to lift me up with cheerful thoughts.
Then she is well, and nothing is bad.
Her body sleeps in the CAPULET crypt, and her immortal soul lives with the angels.
I saw her buried in her family’s tomb, and rushed here to tell you the news.
Oh, pardon me for bringing this bad news, but you told me it was my duty to do so, sir.
Is it true?
Then I defy you, fate!
You know where I’m staying.
Go there and get me some ink and paper, and hire some horses.
I will leave here tonight.
I beg you, sir, have patience.
You look pale and wild, as if you’re about to do something reckless.
Come now, you’re being silly.
Leave me and do what I told you to do.
Do you really not have a letter for me from the friar?
No, my good lord.
No matter.
Get going, and hire those horses.
I’ll be with you soon.
Who’s that calling so loudly?
Come here, man.
I see that you are poor.
Here’s forty gold coins.
How can you be so poor and wretched and still be afraid to die?
Your cheeks are thin from hunger.
Starvation and oppression are visible in your eyes.
It is my poverty, not my morals, that forces me to agree.
I'm paying your poverty, not your morals, then.
Holy Franciscan Friar!
Brother, hey!
That voice sounds like Friar John.
Welcome back from Mantua.
What does ROMEO say?
Or, if he wrote down his thoughts, give me his letter.
Then who took my letter to ROMEO?
Terrible fate!
Brother, I’ll go and bring it to you.
Now I must go alone to the tomb.
Within three hours, beautiful JULIET will wake up.
She will certainly curse me since ROMEO has not received the latest news.
But I will write again to him in Mantua, and keep JULIET at my cell until ROMEO arrives.
The poor living corpse, all closed up in a dead man's tomb!
Give me your torch, boy.
Now go and stand far away from me.
Actually, put out the torch out so no one can see me.
I am almost afraid to stand here alone in the graveyard, but I’ll do it.
The PAGE moves away.
Sweet flower, I’m covering your bridal bed with flowers.
Give me the pickax and the crowbar.
Now, take this letter.
Deliver it to my father early in the morning.
Give me the torch.
By your life, I command that no matter what you hear or see, you stay away, and do not interrupt me in my actions.
I’ll go, sir, and not interfere.
That’s how you will show me friendship.
Take this.
Live and be prosperous.
Despite everything I just said, I’ll hide nearby.
Indeed, I must die, which is why I came here.
Good and noble young man, don’t tempt a desperate man.
Run from here and leave me alone.
Think about the dead who rest here.
Let them terrify you.
You're really provoking me?
Then let’s fight, boy!
Oh Lord, they’re fighting!
I’ll go call the watch.
Oh, I’ve been killed!
If you are merciful, open the tomb and lay me next to JULIET.
PARIS dies.
I promise, I will.
Let me look at this face.
It’s Mercutio’s relative, noble Count Paris.
What did my servant tell me while we were riding here?
I was so upset I wasn’t paying attention to him.
Saint Francis, speed my steps!
How often tonight have my old feet stumbled on gravestones!
Who’s there?
I am a friend who knows you well.
God bless you!
Good friend, tell me why that torch is lying over there for no good reason?
It's offering its light to no one but worms and eyeless skulls.
Holy father, it is there along with my master, whom you love.
Who is it?
ROMEO.
How long has he been there?
For a full half hour.
Go with me to the tomb.
I don’t dare, sir.
Stay, then.
I’ll go alone.
Now I’m frightened.
Oh, I’m very worried something terrible and unfortunate has happened.
As I slept under this yew tree, I dreamed that my master fought someone else, and that my master killed him.
ROMEO!
Oh comforting friar!
Where is my husband?
I remember well where I should be, and here I am.
Where is my ROMEO?
I hear a noise.
Lady, come with me from this tomb of death, sickness, and unnatural sleep.
A power greater than us has ruined our plans.
Come, come away.
Your husband lies dead, resting against your chest.
Go, go away.
I’m not leaving.
What’s this?
A cup, held in my true love’s hand?
I see poison has caused his death.
Lead on, boy.
Which way?
What's that noise?
I’ll act fast.
Oh, what luck: here’s a dagger!
I’ll be your sheath.
This is the place.
There, where that torch is burning.
The ground is bloody.
Search the graveyard.
Go, a few of you, and arrest anyone you find.
Some WATCHMEN exit.
Here’s ROMEO’s servant.
We found him in the churchyard.
Hold him securely until the Prince arrives.
Here’s a friar who’s trembling, sighing, and weeping.
We took this pickax and this shovel from him as he was leaving the graveyard.
Very suspicious.
Hold the friar too.
What disaster has occurred so early in the morning that it forces me from my bed?
What has happened to cause everyone to start shrieking?
What terror has occurred to result in all this startling noise?
Find out how this foul murder came to happen.
Oh heavens!
Oh, wife, look at how our daughter bleeds!
Woe is me!
Seeing my daughter dead is like a warning bell of my own imminent death.
My liege, my wife died tonight.
Her sadness about my son’s exile stopped her breath.
What further misery must I endure in my old age?
Look, and you’ll see.
Oh, you rude boy!
What terrible manners to die before your father.
I am the most suspected, and least able to defend myself, because I was here at the time of this terrible murder.
Here I stand, to be questioned and punished.
Then tell us immediately what you know about all this.
I’ll be brief, because the time I have left to live is not long enough to tell a long story.
We have always known you to be a holy man.
Where is ROMEO’s servant?
What does he say about all this?
Give me the letter.
I’ll read it.
Where is the count’s page, who called the watch?
Boy, what was your master doing here?
Oh, brother MONTAGUE, give me your hand.
This handshake is my daughter’s dowry.
The statue of ROMEO I’ll make to lie beside JULIET will be just as rich.
This morning brings a gloomy peace with it.
The sun won't shine because of his sadness.
Merchant of Syracuse, stop pleading.
I'm not in the mood to violate our laws.
Still, I do have one comfort: when you stop speaking , my miseries will be gone like the setting sun.
Well, Syracusian, quickly say what led you to leave your native home and why you came to Ephesus.
No, go on, old man.
Don't stop here, for we might just pity you and not pardon you.
Oh, if the gods had pitied us, I wouldn't have to call them merciless now.
And for the sake of those you cry for, do me the favor of telling us in detail what happened to them and you up till now.
I will, my lord.
I wander hopeless and helpless, Only postponing my lifeless death.
You'd better tell people you're from Epidamnum or your goods will be taken.
Go bring it to the Centaur, where we're staying, and stay there, Dromio, till I come to you.
It'll be lunchtime within the hour.
Until then, I'll watch how people behave around town, look at the traders, gaze at the buildings, and then return and sleep within the inn, for I'm stiff and tired from traveling for so long.
Get away, you.
Many men would take you literally and get away for good, having such an easy opportunity.
He's a trusty villain , sir, that often, when I'm feeling down, lightens my mood with his jokes.
So, will you walk around town with me and then dine with me at my inn?
I've been invited, sir, to meet some merchants from whom I'm hoping to gain something.
I hope you'll pardon me.
Soon, at five o'clock if it pleases you, I'll meet you at the market and then accompany you until bedtime.
I have to leave you now to take care of some business.
Goodbye till then.
I'll let myself get lost in the streets as I wander up and down to see the city.
Sir, I hope you do so to your heart's content.
He who hopes I find my heart's content hopes for what I cannot have.
Back so soon?
More like came too late!
Stop your long windedness, sir.
Oh, the sixpence that you gave me last Wednesday to pay the saddler for my mistress's saddle strap?
The saddler took it, sir.
I'm not in a joking mood now.
Tell me and don't beat around the bush: where's the money?
We're strangers here how dare you take the risk of not keeping the money with you?
Please, sir, make jokes while you sit at lunch.
Come, Dromio, come, these jokes aren't appropriate right now.
Save them for a happier time than this.
Where's the gold I gave you to keep safe?
To me, sir?
Why, you gave no gold to me!
Come on, you rascal, quit this foolishness, and tell me how you've done what I commanded you to do.
My only command was to fetch you from the market and bring you back to your house, the Phoenix, sir, for lunch.
My mistress and her sister are waiting for you.
Now, as I am a Christian, answer me in what safe place you have left my money, or I will break that chattering head of yours that's playing tricks on me when I'm unwell.
Where is the thousand marks you got from me?
I have some marks of yours on my head, some of my mistress's marks on my shoulders, but not a thousand marks between the two of you.
If I should pay you those again , sir, you might not take it so well.
Your mistress's marks?
What mistress, you rascal , do you have?
Your wife, sir, my mistress at the Phoenix, she who's fasting until you come home to lunch and prays you will hurry home to lunch.
What, will you mock me to my face like this when I told you not to?
There, take that, you rascal.

What do you mean, sir?
For God's sake, keep your hands off me.
And if you won't, sir, I'll run for it.
Neither my husband nor my servant who I sent running to find his master have returned?
Luciana, it's already two o'clock.
Perhaps some merchant has invited him, and he's gone to lunch somewhere from the market.
Remember that men are masters of their own freedom.
Time is their only master, and when they think it's the right time they come and go as they wish.
Let's eat and not fret.
Why should men have more freedom than women?
Because their work takes place outside the house.
When I treat him like this, he takes it badly.
Oh, you should know that he restrains your will like a bridle restrains a horse.
Only donkeys would be controlled like this.
Well, being headstrong in your desire for freedom leads only to woe.
There's nothing under heaven whether on land, in sea, or in sky that isn't bound in some way.
The beasts, fish, and birds, are all subject to the control of the males of their species.
With that servant like attitude, you'll never get married.
It's not that.
But, if you were married, you would have some power.
Before I fall in love, I'll learn to obey.
What if your husband strayed elsewhere?
Till he came home, I'd hold out for him.
What amazing patience!
I'm not amazed you hesitate to marry: it's easy to be meek when you have no reason not to be.
We tell miserable people who have been mistreated to be quiet when we hear them cry, but if we had the same pain, or more, we should complain just like them.
Well, I will marry one day, if only to try it out.
Here comes your servant.
Now your husband's on his way.
Tell me, is your tardy master coming soon?
No, he's used both hands on me, as you can see from my two ears.
Tell me, did you speak with him?
Do you know what he's planning to do?
Yes, yes, he told me his plans by beating me on the my ear.
Curse his hand, I could hardly understand it.
He spoke so unclearly you couldn't get a feeling for what he meant?
No, he struck so clearly I could easily feel his blows, and yet he was so confusing that I could hardly understand what was happening.
But, tell me, please, is he coming home?
It seems like he would take great care to please his wife .
Why, mistress, surely my master is horn mad .
Horn mad, you villain!
I don't mean he's a cuckold , but surely he's stark raving mad.
When I asked him to come home to dinner, he asked me for a thousand marks in gold.
"It's lunch time," said I.
"My gold," said he.
"Your meat is burning," said I.
"My gold," said he.
"Will you come?"
said I.
Who said that?
Said my master.
"I have," said he, "no house, no wife, no mistress.  "
So I carry this message to you on my shoulders instead of on my tongue, since, in conclusion, he beat me there.
Go back again, you slave, and bring him home.
Go back again and be beaten home again?
For God's sake, send another messenger.
Go back, slave, or I'll break your head.
Get out, chattering peasant!
Bring your master home.
Am I so disrespectful to you as you are to me that you would throw me about like a football?
You throw me out from here, and he'll throw me out from there.
If I can survive this work, you must cover me in leather like a football.
Come on now, your face looks so impatient.
He must be spending time in the company of other women while I wait at home wishing for his smile.
Has my advancing age taken my alluring beauty from my poor cheek?
Then he's wasted it.
Are my speeches boring?
Is my wit bland?
If sharp, witty conversation falls apart, unkindness worsens it more than marble would blunt something equally sharp.
Do these women's bright colors seduce him?
That's not my fault.
He's master over all of my fortunes.
What sorrows have I felt that aren't due to him?
He's the cause of everything that's gone wrong with me.
His sunny smile would quickly fix my decaying face.
This jealousy is just harmful to yourself.
Only fools without feelings can move on from such mistreatment.
I know he's been unfaithful to me, or else why wouldn't he be here?
Sister, you know he promised me a chain.
I'd give up the chain if he'd come back to our marriage and our bed.
Even the most beautiful jewel will lose its beauty.
The gold that I gave to Dromio is safely hidden at the Centaur, and according to the inn host, Dromio has left there in order to find me.
What answer, sir?
When did I say anything like that?
Just now, right here, less than half an hour ago.
I haven't seen you since you sent me to the Centaur with the gold you gave me.
Villain, you just denied having received the gold from me and told me of a wife and a lunch.
I'm glad to see you in this merry mood.
What does this joking mean?
I ask you, master, tell me.
Oh, do you mock me to my face?
Do you think I joke?
Okay, then, take that and that.
Stop, sir, for God's sake!
Now your jokes are in earnest.
How have I earned this beating?
Just because sometimes I make jokes with you and chat with you, you think you can use our friendship as an excuse to mock me and make fun of me when I'm serious.
You call it my "sconce"?
If it will make you stop battering at it, I'd rather you call it my "head.  "
And if you keep beating me a while, I'd better get a protective screen for my head and cover it too , or else my brains will be beaten into my shoulders.
But, tell me, sir, why do you beat me?
Do you not know?
I only know that I'm beaten.
Should I tell you why?
Yes, sir, and for what reason, for they say that every "why" has a reason behind it.
Was any man in history so wrongly beaten, when neither the "why" or the "for what reason" have any truth or logic in them?
Well, sir, I thank you.
Thank me for what, sir?
Well, sir, for giving me something for nothing .
Next time, I'll do the reverse and give you nothing for something.
But, tell me, sir, is it lunchtime?
No, sir, I think the meat still needs the thing that I've gotten .
Quickly, sir, what's that thing?
Basting.
Well, sir, then the meat will be dry.
If it is, sir, I hope you'll eat none of it.
Your reason?
It might make you choleric and then you'll give me another painful beating.
Well, sir, you'll find a good time to joke eventually.
There's a right time for everything.
I would have denied that before you were so angry.
How would you have denied that, sir?
Well, sir, by a logic as plain and simple as the plain bald head of Father Time himself.
Let's hear it.
There's no time for a man to recover his hair when he's naturally become bald.
Can't he do it by fine and recovery ?
Yes, he could pay a fine to buy a wig and recover the hair that another man had lost.
Why is Time so stingy about hair when there's so much of it to go around?
Because it's also shared by beasts, and he made up for taking people's hair from them by giving them brains.
Well, there are many men with more hair than brains.
But all of those men have enough brains to lose their hair.
Ah, you just concluded that hairy men deal plainly and have no brains.
The plainer they deal, the sooner they lose their hair.
Yet they're happy to lose it.
For what reason?
For two reasons, and sound ones too.
No, not sound reasons, please.
Sure reasons, then.
No, not sure, in such an unreliable context.
Certain reasons, then.
Name them.
You meant to spend this whole time proving that it's not true that there's a time for all things.
But your reasoning did not convince me why there is no time to recover hair.
I'll try again like this: Time himself is bald, and therefore, until the world ends, he will have people following him who are bald.
I knew you would end with an argument as empty as a bald head.
Yes, yes, Antipholus, look confused and frown.
Some other woman has gotten your affection.
Apparently I am not Adriana, nor your wife.
There was once a time when, without prompting, you would vow that no words could be music to your ear, no object could please your eye, no touch could be welcome to your hand, no meat could taste sweet to your mouth, unless I spoke, or looked, or touched, or carved the meat for you.
How has it happened, my husband, oh, how has it happened that you are such a stranger to yourself?
Your "self," I call it, a stranger to me, when I am indivisible, united as one with you, no better than the best part of you.
Oh, don't tear yourself away from me!
Are you pleading with me, fair lady?
I don't know you.
For shame, brother, you've changed so much!
When would you ever abuse my sister like this?
She sent Dromio to bring you home to lunch.
Dromio?
Me?
You, and this is the report you brought back from him: that he struck you and, in his blows, denied that you live in my house or that I am your wife.
Did you talk to this lady, sir?
What's the nature of your conspiracy?
Me, sir?
I never saw her until right now.
I never spoke with her in my whole life.
How can she call us by our names then unless she's divinely inspired?
It's not a good look for your dignity to play act this stupidly with your slave, maddening me in my angry mood.
Even if it's my fault that you've turned away from me, don't react to that fault by treating me with worse contempt.
Come, I'll cling to your sleeve.
You're an elm tree, my husband, and I'm a weak vine who, when I cling to you, get strength from you to express myself.
She's speaking to me.
Her story's moving.
Well, was I married to her in a dream?
Or am I asleep now and dreaming this?
What's the cause of the confusion of our eyes and ears?
Dromio, go tell the servants to prepare for dinner.
Oh, where are my rosary beads?
I'll cross myself since I must be a sinner.
This is a fairy land.
Oh, horrible fate!
Why are you muttering to yourself and not answering?
Dromio you, Dromio you snail, you slug, you fool.
I've been transformed, master, haven't I?
I think your mind has been, and so has mine.
No, master, both my mind and my appearance.
You have your own appearance.
No, I'm an ape.
If you've been changed to anything, it's into a donkey .
It's true.
She rides me like a donkey, and I long to eat grass .
It's the truth.
Am I in earth, heaven, or hell?
Sleeping or waking, mad or sane?
I'm known to these women and not to myself!
I'll do what they tell me and go along with them through this mental mist.
Master, should I be the porter at the gate?
Yes, and don't let anyone in, or I'll break your head.
Come, come, Antipholus, it's already late to eat.
Say what you want, sir, but I know what happened to me.
I think you're an ass .
Well, it looks like it, given how I suffer and how much I'm beaten up.
You look very serious, Balthasar, sir.
I hope our food will show my friendliness and how much you're welcome here.
I care less about the food you serve and more about the warm welcome you give.
Oh, Balthasar, whether you want meat or fish, all the welcome in the world doesn't cook the meals.
Good meat, sir, is cheap.
Welcome's cheap, too.
A little celebration and a warm welcome make for a merry feast.
Sure, to a stingy host and an easygoing guest.
Well, even though my food's not much, eat your fill.
I hope you'll be cheerier, but you couldn't be warmer.
But wait!
My door is locked.
Go, tell them to let us in.
Maud, Bridget, Marian, Cicely, Gillian, Ginn!
Fool, horse, eunuch, simpleton, idiot, clown!
Either get away from the door or sit down at the gate.
How has our porter become a clown?
My master's waiting in the street.
He can go back where he came from so he doesn't catch cold.
Who's talking from inside there?
Hey, open the door.
Sure, sir, I'll tell you when if you tell me why.
Why?
For my dinner.
I haven't dined today.
Well, you won't dine here today.
Come again when you're free.
Who do you think you are, keeping me out from my own house?
I'm the porter for now, sir, and my name is Dromio.
Oh, villain, you've stolen both my job and my name!
What a ruckus, Dromio!
Who are those people at the gate?
Let my master in, Luce.
God, no, he comes too late, and tell your master that.
Oh Lord, I must laugh.
Here's a proverb for you: shall I plant my staff here and wait?
Here's another proverb: When, can you tell?
If your name is "Luce," Luce, you've answered him cleverly.
Do you hear us, you villain?
You'll let us in, I hope?
I thought that was a question for you.
Well, you said no already.
Come bang at the door.
Just like that!
You riff raff, let me in.
Can you say for whose sake we should let you in?
Master, knock on the door hard.
Let him knock until his hand aches.
You'll be sorry for this, woman, if I knock down the door.
Why should I feel threatened when you'll be put in the stocks in town?
Who is that at the door making all this noise?
It seems to me that a gang of unruly boys has come to town.
Wife, are you there?
You could have come sooner.
Your wife, you villain?
Go, get away from the door.
If you leave angrily, master, this servant will be beaten sore for it.
There's neither cheer nor welcome here, sir.
It would be great to have either.
We were debating which was best, but we'll leave having had neither.
They're waiting at the door, master.
Tell them they're welcome here.
There's something in the wind preventing us from getting in.
Go, get me something and I'll break open the gate.
If you break anything, I'll break your foolish head.
Oh, well.
now you're asking for someone to break you.
Enough with your "get out of here!  "
I beg of you, let me in.
Sure, when birds have no feathers and fish have no fins.
Well, I'll break in.
Go, borrow a crowbar for me.
A crow without feathers?
Master, is that what you mean?
We don't have a fish without a fin, but that's a bird without feathers.
If a crowbar helps us in, sir, we'll get this settled once and for all.
Go, get out of here.
Fetch me an iron crowbar.
Have patience, sir.
Oh, don't let it come to this.
You're putting your reputation at risk and your wife's pure honor will be the subject of suspicion and gossip.
You've persuaded me.
I'll leave quietly, and, even though I have nothing to make me happy, I'll try to be cheerful.
I know a girl who's a great conversationalist, pretty and witty, wild and gentle at the same time.
We'll dine with her.
I'll meet you there in about an hour.
We'll see you there.
This prank will be costly to me.
Is it possible you've forgotten your duty as a husband?
Will you let your love rot when it's just started flourishing?
Sweet mistress I don't know your name and I can't figure out how you miraculously know mine, your wisdom and your presence are more wondrous and divine than the earth itself.
Explain to me    the complex meaning of your words.
When my soul moves toward another, why are you trying so hard to send me to love some woman I don't know?
Are you crazy enough to reason like this?
Not crazy but in love I don't know how.
It's a sin that's come from your wandering eye.
Gaze where you're supposed to, and that will make you see straight.
I'd just as soon close my eyes, my sweet love, as look at darkness .
Why do you call me "love?"
Call my sister that name.
Your sister's sister.
That's my sister.
You mean to say all this about my sister, or, at least, you should.
Call yourself "sister," sweetheart, for I am yours.
Oh, wait, sir!
Don't move.
I'm going to my sister and we'll see what she says about this.
Oh, what's happening, Dromio?
Where are you running so fast?
Do you know me, sir?
Am I Dromio?
Am I your servant?
Am I myself?
You are Dromio, you're my servant, you're yourself.
I'm an ass, I belong to a woman, and I'm beside myself.
Belong to what woman?
Why are you beside yourself?
Well, sir, I'm being pursued by a woman who claims me, haunts me, and insists that she'll have me.
What claim does she say she has over you?
What is she?
A very pardonable body, yes, such that a man can't talk of her without saying, "I beg your pardon .  "
There's a thin chance of me being happy with her, but it would be an incredibly fat marriage.
What do you mean a "fat marriage"?
Well, sir, she's the kitchen maid, and she's made of grease, and I don't know how I would use her except to make her into a lamp and run away from her in the light that she gives off.
What's her face like?
Dark like my shoe, but her face is not kept as clean as my shoe.
Why, you ask?
She sweats so much that her perspiration might come up to a man's ankles.
She could wash off the sweat with water.
What's her name?
Then she's pretty wide?
She's as long from side to side as head to toe.
She's spherical, like a globe.
I could find countries on her.
Where on her body is Ireland?
Well, sir, in her buttocks.
I knew it was Ireland from the spongy marshes.
Where on her body is Scotland?
The palm of her hand: I knew it was Scotland from the dryness.
What about France?
In her forehead: slowly expanding and warring against her heir .
What about England?
I looked for the white cliffs in her teeth, but I couldn't find any whiteness in them.
I guess England must have been in her chin, given the salty saliva that ran between her forehead France and her chin.
What about Spain?
Well, I didn't see Spain, but I felt it in her hot breath.
What about America, the Indies ?
Oh, sir, India's on her nose, since it's all covered in rubies, jewels, sapphires , which are delivered to the hot breath of Spain, who sent fleets of ships to aim at her nose.
What about Belgium and the Netherlands ?
Oh, sir, I didn't look so low down.
In conclusion, this slave or witch said she had a claim over me, called me Dromio, swore that I was pledged to her, told me what private marks I had on my body, like a mark on my shoulder, the mole on my neck, the big wart on my left art.
Go, get moving now.
Run to the road.
If the wind is blowing any direction from the shore, I won't stay in this town tonight.
Just like a man would run for his life from a bear, I'll flee that woman who wants to be my wife.
The only people who live here are witches, so it's time we get out of here.
I would hate to have that woman who calls me husband for a wife.
But her beautiful sister, who has such a gentle, divine grace, such an enchanting presence and skill at conversation, has almost made me forget myself.
But to make sure I'm not guilty of doing harm to myself, I'll stop listening to this mermaid's song .
Master Antipholus.
Yes, that's my name.
I know it well, sir.
Look, here's the chain.
What do you want me to do with this?
Whatever you want, sir.
I made it for you.
Made it for me, sir?
I never asked for it.
Not once or twice, you've asked me twenty times for it.
Take it home and please your wife with it, and I'll visit you at supper time to get my money for the chain then.
Please, sir, take the money now, for fear you'll never see the chain or the money again.
You're a goofy man, sir.
Goodbye.
I have no idea what to make of this, but I do know one thing: there's no one so stupid that wouldn't take a chain that's offered to him.
I guess men here don't need to work for things when they get golden gifts in the streets.
I'll go to the market and wait for Dromio there.
If any ship is leaving, I'll be on it immediately.
Antipholus owes me exactly the amount that I owe you.
Right before I met you today, he bought a chain from me.
At five o'clock, I'll get the money for that.
If you care to walk with me down to his house, I'll pay you what I owe you and give you thanks.
You don't have to go far.
Look, he's coming now.
While I go to the goldsmith's house, you go and buy a rope.
I'll beat my wife and her accomplices with it for locking me out of my own house.
But hush.
I see the goldsmith.
Get out of here.
Buy the rope, and bring it back to me.
First a thousand marks and now a rope!
Exit DROMIO OF EPHESUS DROMIO OF EPHESUS exits.
A man is in good hands when he trusts you!
I expected you to come with the chain, but I didn't see either or you or the chain.
Maybe you thought we'd be too inseparable if we were chained together so you didn't bother to come.
I'm glad you're in such a jolly mood, and here's the bill for how much your chain weighs down to the last carat, the quality of the gold, and the cost, which comes to three and a bit ducats more than I owe this gentleman.
Please, pay up, for he's going to sea and is only waiting for the money.
I don't have the money right now.
Besides, I have business to attend to in town.
Good man, take the stranger to my house along with the chain, and ask my wife to pay the amount listed on the bill.
Maybe I'll get there at the same time.
Then you will bring the chain to her yourself.
No, you bring it in case I don't get there in time.
Well, sir, I will.
Do you have the chain with you?
If I don't sir, I hope you do, or else you're not getting paid.
No, come on, please, sir, give me the chain.
The wind and the tide are on hold for this gentleman, and I've kept him here too long.
Good Lord!
You're stalling to make me forget that you didn't show up at the Porpentine as you'd promised.
I should have laid into you for not bringing it, but, like a whiny brat, you start to fight first.
The clock is ticking.
Please, sir, let's get moving.
You hear how he begs me!
The chain!
Just give it to my wife and get your money.
Come on now.
You know I just gave it to you.
Really, now you're running this joke into the ground.
Come on, where's the chain?
I'm asking you, let me see it.
I really don't have time for this dilly dallying.
Good sir, tell me whether you'll pay me or not.
If not, I'll have Angelo arrested.
I pay you?
What should I pay you?
The money that you owe me for the chain.
I owe you nothing until I receive the chain.
You know I gave it to you half an hour ago.
You gave me nothing.
You do me wrong to say that.
You do me more wrong, sir, in lying about it.
Think about what this does to my reputation.
Well, officer, arrest him on my accusation.
I do, , and I charge you in the Duke's name to obey me.
This damages my reputation.
Either agree to pay me the money you owe, or I'll have you arrested by this officer.
Agree to pay you for something I never got?
Arrest me, foolish fellow, if you dare.
Here's money to do it.
Arrest him, officer.
I'd have my brother arrested too, if he'd wronged me as obviously as this man has.
I do arrest you, sir.
You've heard the accusation.
I will obey you till I pay you bail.
But, sir, you'll pay for this, and it will cost you all the metal in your shop.
Sir, I'll make sure I have justice and keep my rights in Ephesus, even if it means you'll be humiliated and shamed.
Master, there's a ship from Epidamnum that's just waiting until her owners comes aboard, and then, sir, she sails away.
All of our stuff, sir, I've brought on board, and I've bought the oil, the juice, and the alcohol.
The ship's ready to go, and the wind is blowing away from land.
They're waiting only for their owner and yourself, master.
Huh?
Are you a madman?
You silly animal, what ship from Epidamnum is waiting for me?
The ship you sent me to, to book our passage.
You drunken slave, I sent you for a rope and told you what I wanted to use it for and for what purpose.
That's as true as saying you sent me to get a beating with a rope.
You sent me to the bay, sir, to find a ship.
I'll argue you about this with you when we have more time, and I'll teach your ears to listen to me with greater care.
Villain, get to Adriana, go immediately.
Give her this key, and tell her that there's a bag of money in the desk that's covered with Turkish tapestry.
Have her send it.
Tell her I've been arrested in the street, and that the money will bail me out.
Get going, slave.
Move it.
Onwards, officer, to the prison until the money arrives.
To Adriana?
That's where we ate, where that lady said I was her husband.
Oh, Luciana, did he really attempt to seduce you like that?
Could you tell from his face whether he was serious, yes or no?
Did he look red or pale or sad or happy?
What observation did you make in his face of what his heart might really feel?
First he denied that you had any right to him.
He meant he didn't do right by me, which makes me all the more miserable.
Then he swore that he was a stranger here.
He's definitely acting stranger, so that's true, even though he's lying.
Then I pleaded on your behalf.
And what did he say?
The love that I begged him to give you he begged me to give to him.
What methods did he use to tempt your love?
He used words that might have moved me if they were honest.
First, he praised my beauty, then my voice.
Did you encourage him?
Calm down, I beg you.
Who would be jealous over someone like that, then?
No one cries over something evil when it's gone.
Ah, but I think better of him than I say, and still wish other women saw him as ugly.
Here, go the desk, the purse!
Come on now, move fast.
How have you lost your breath?
By running fast.
Where's your master, Dromio?
Is he well?
No he's in limbo in Tartarus, that's worse than hell.
Why, man, what is the matter?
I don't know the matter .
He's arrested on the case .
What, is he arrested?
Tell me who's had him arrested.
I don't know who's had him arrested, but the man who arrested him is in prison keeper uniform, that I can tell you.
Will you send him his redemption, mistress I mean the money in his desk?
Go get the money, sister.
Not on a bond but something stronger: a chain, a chain.
Don't you hear it ring?
Hear what, the chain?
No, no, the bell.
It's time that I left.
I parted with him at two and now the clock strikes one .
The hours go backwards.
I've never heard of that happening before.
Oh, yes, if any hour runs into a cop, he goes backwards out of fear.
As if time owed debts.
How crazy your reasoning is!
Time always owes major debt he's always running out.
He's a thief too.
Haven't you heard men say that times steals on by night and day?
If he's in debt and a a thief, and there's a cop coming, doesn't he have good reason to turn back an hour?
Go, Dromio.
There's the money.
Bring it right away, and bring your master home immediately.
Come, sister, my imagination weighs on me: imagination, it both comforts me and hurts me.
Master, here's the gold you sent me for.
Oh, have you got free of the freshly dressed old Adam ?
What gold are you talking about?
What Adam do you mean?
Not Adam who lived in the Garden of Eden, but Adam who runs the prison; he that wears the prison uniform that looks like the skin of the calf that was killed as a tribute to the Prodigal Son.
I don't understand you.
You don't?
Huh?
Well, sir, stop being silly right there.
Are there any ships leaving tonight?
Can we get out of here?
Well, sir, I brought you news an hour ago that the ship Expedition left tonight, and then you were stopped by the sergeant before you could make it to the vessel called Delay.
The man is going nutty, and I am too, while we're wandering here surrounded by illusions.
I hope some heavenly power gets us out of here.
Hey, hey, Master Antipholus.
I see, sir, that you've found the goldsmith now.
Is that the chain you promised me today?
Satan, get away from me!
I command you, don't tempt me.
Master, is this Mistress Satan?
She's the devil.
No, she's worse; she's the devil's mother, and she comes dressed as a loose woman.
And that's why the women say "God damn me" which means "God make me a loose woman.  "
It's written that these women look like angels of light when they appear to men.
Light comes from fire, and fire burns: therefore, loose women will burn.
Don't go near her.
You and your servant are very jolly, sir.
Will you go with me?
We'll finish our dinner here.
Why, Dromio?
Oh, he who must eat with the devil must have a long spoon.
Get away then, demon!
What are you saying to me about eating dinner?
You are, as you all are here, a sorceress.
I command you to leave me and vanish.
Give me the ring I gave you at dinner, or, in exchange for it, the chain you promised me, and I'll vanish, sir, and not bother you any more.
Some devils only ask for nail clippings, some straw, a hair, a drop of blood, a pin, a nut, a cherry pit, but she's more greedy and wants a chain.
Master, be wise.
If you give it to her, the devil will shake her chain and frighten us with it.
I beg of you, sir, bring me my ring or otherwise bring the chain.
I hope you don't mean to cheat me out of what I'm owed.
Get away, you witch!
Come, Dromio, let's go.
"Stop being prideful," says the peacock.
Don't be afraid of me, man.
I won't try to flee: I'll give you, before I go, as much money as you've arrested me for, I assure you.
My wife is not in a good mood today and she won't calmly accept the messenger's news that I've been arrested in Ephesus.
I'm telling you, it will be upsetting news for her to hear.
Here's enough, I promise you, to make them pay .
But where's the money?
Why, sir, I paid the money for the rope.
You paid five hundred ducats, you villain, for a rope?
I'll get you five hundred ropes for five hundred ducats, sir.
To what end did I order you to go to my house?
To bring you a rope's end, sir, and, with that end in mind, I've returned.
Well, to make an end of it, sir, I'll welcome you.

Good sir, be patient.
I'm the one who needs to be patient.
I'm being attacked.
All right, all right, hold your tongue.
No, tell him to hold his hands instead.
You scumbag villain with no sense!
I wish I had no senses, sir, so I didn't have to feel this beating.
You're not smart enough to feel anything but beating, just like an ass.
Come on, let's go.
My wife is approaching.
Are you going to go on talking?
What do you say now?
Is your husband not crazy?
His wild behavior makes me think so.
Oh no, how angry and nasty he looks!
Notice how he shakes in his fit.
Give me your hand, and let me feel your pulse.
Here is my hand, and now feel it on your ear.

Satan, you are possessing this man's spirit, and I command you to be defeated by my prayers and get back to hell.
I summon you out of this man's body by all the saints in heaven.
Calm down, you loony wizard, calm down.
I am not crazy.
Oh, if only you weren't, poor, distressed man!
You wicked woman, you, did you bring these people?
Did this man here with the orange face feast at my house yesterday while the doors were shut on me and I was barred from entering my own house?
Oh, husband, God knows you ate at home, where I wish you still were, free from these accusations and this public humiliation.
"Ate at home"?
You villain, what do you say to that?
Sir, what you say is true, you did not eat at home.
Weren't my doors locked up and wasn't I shut out?
I swear, your doors were locked and you were shut out.
And didn't my wife herself attack me there?
It's not a fiction, she herself attacked you there.
Didn't her kitchen maid yell, taunt, and mock me?
Certainly, she did; the kitchen maid mocked you.
And didn't I depart in rage from there?
In truth, you did.
My bruised bones are proof of that, since they felt the violence of his rage.
Is it healthy to go along with his falsehoods?
It's not a problem.
The man knows your husband is making up crazy stories and is playing along to humor him.
You have hired the goldsmith to arrest me.
No, I only sent you bail money with Dromio, who had come running for it.
Money from me!
Did you not go to her for a bag of ducats?
He came to me and I gave the money to him.
And I was there and saw her give it.
God and the rope maker alone know that I was sent to get nothing but a rope.
Dear lady, both this man and his master are possessed.
I know that from their pale and angry looks.
They must be tied up and left in a dark room somewhere.
Tell me why you locked me out today.
And why do you deny having the bag of gold?
I did not, gentle husband, lock you out.
And, gentle master, I received no gold.
But I admit, sir, that we were locked out.
Deceitful villain, both of these are lies.
Deceitful woman, all you've said is lies, and you're in cahoots with a cursed mob to make a disgraced mockery of me.
But I'll use my nails to pluck out your lying eyes that want to see me humiliated.
Oh, tie him up, tie him up!
Don't let him come near me.
We need backup!
The demon is strong inside him.
Oh, God, poor man, how pale and weak he looks!
What, will you murder me?
You jailer, you, I'm already your prisoner.
Will you allow them to steal me away?
Gentlemen, let him go.
He's my prisoner, and you shall not have him.
Go, tie up this man, for he is crazy too.
What will you do, you obstinate officer?
Do you take pleasure in seeing a disgraced man harm and embarrass himself?
He's my prisoner.
If I let him go, I'll have to pay the debt that he owes.
I will pay you that debt before I leave you.
Bring me immediately to the person he owes, and, when I hear how much the debt is, I'll pay it.
Good Doctor, make sure he's conveyed safely home to my house.
Oh, what an awful day!
Oh, what an awful woman!
Master, I'm tied up here because of you.
Shut up, villain!
Why do you keep annoying me?
Will you be tied up and not resist?
Be crazy, master.
Cry, "The devil!  "
God help poor souls!
They talk a lot of nothing!
Go bring him to my house.
Sister, come with me.
I know the man.
What is the sum he owes?
Two hundred ducats.
Say, how grows it due?
Due for a chain your husband had of him.
He did bespeak a chain for me but had it not.
ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE enters with his sword drawn, along with DROMIO OF SYRACUSE.
Oh my God, they're loose again!
And they've come with their swords drawn.
Let's call for reinforcements to tie them up again.
Get out of here!
They'll kill us.
I see these witches are afraid of swords.
The woman who claims she's your wife runs away from you now.
Go to the Centaur.
Get our stuff from there.
I wish we were safe and sound onboard the ship.
Please, stay here tonight.
They surely won't hurt us.
You saw they said nice things to us and gave us gold.
I think they're such a nice people that, if it weren't for the mountain of fat that says I'm supposed to marry her, I would love to stay here longer, and become a witch myself.
I would not stay here tonight even if they gave me the whole town.
So go and get our stuff on the ship.
I'm sorry, sir, to have delayed you, but I promise he took the chain from me, even though he dishonestly denies it.
What's the man's reputation here in the city?
Speak softly.
I think he's walking this way.
I think I got it from you.
I never did deny it.
Yes, you did deny it, sir, and swore you never had it, too.
Who heard me deny and swear it?
You know my ears heard you.
Damn you, wretch.
You shouldn't be allowed to walk in the same vicinity as honest men.
You're a villain to accuse me like this.
I'll prove my honor and my honesty against you right now, if you'll dare to fight me.
I dare, and I'll defeat you, you villain.
Stop, don't hurt him, for God's sake.
He's mad.
Someone go to him and take his sword away.
Tie up Dromio too and bring them to my house!
Run, master run.
For God's sake, enter some house.
Here's a nunnery.
Get in, or we'll be ruined.
Be quiet, people.
What are you all doing here?
We're here to get my poor, mad husband.
Let us come in, so we can tie him up and bring him home where he can recover.
I knew he wasn't in his right mind.
I'm sorry now that I drew my sword on him.
How long has this man been mad?
This week he's been moody, sour, sad, and very different from the man he was.
But until this afternoon his mood had never turned into extreme rage.
Has he not lost a lot of money in a shipwreck?
Buried a dear friend?
You should have scolded him for that.
I did.
Yes, but not roughly enough.
As roughly as my modesty would let me.
Maybe in private.
And publicly too.
Okay, but not enough.
We had this conversation all the time.
And that's how the man went mad.
The venom of a jealous woman's nagging has more poison in it than a mad dog's tooth.
It sounds like he couldn't sleep because of your railing at him, so he went crazy.
You say you poured your scoldings on his dinner like meat sauce.
Meals accompanied by fighting lead to bad digestion.
That's how he got this raging fever, and aren't fevers and fits of madness one and the same?
You say all his relaxation time was ruined by your fights.
She only ever scolded him mildly when he behaved rough, rude, and wildly.
Why aren't you responding to these insults?
I think I deserved those reprimands.
Good people, enter and get him.
No, no one enters my house.
Then let your servants bring my husband out.
I'll take care of my husband, be his nurse, and treat his sickness, for it's my job, and no one will else can do it for me.
Be patient, for I won't let him stir until I've used the syrups, drugs, and holy prayers that I have to make him come to his senses.
Be quite and depart.
You shall not have him.
Complain to the Duke about this rudeness.
Come, let's go.
I will fall at his feet and I won't get up until my tears and prayers have persuaded him to come in person here and take my husband from the Abbess by force.
I think it's five o'clock.
For what reason?
To see an old merchant from Syracuse, who unluckily sailed into this bay against the town laws, publicly beheaded for this offense.
Look, they're coming.
We'll watch his death.
Kneel to the Duke before he passes the abbey.
Yet once again I'll say it publicly: if any friend will pay his ransom, he shall not die.
Justice, most sacred Duke, against the Abbess.
She's a virtuous and respected lady.
It can't be true that she's done you wrong.
Oh, mistress, mistress, do what you can to save yourself.
Calm down, fool.
Your master and his servant are here, and what you've told us is false.
Mistress, upon my life, I'm telling the truth.
I've barely breathed since I saw it.
He cries for you, and vows, if he can catch you, to burn your face and disfigure you.
Come, stand by me.
Fear nothing.
Guard her with spears.
Oh my God, it's my husband.
Everyone see that he travels invisibly.
We just saw him go into the abbey here, and now he's there.
Unless the fear of death has driven me mad, I see my son Antipholus and Dromio.
Explain what you mean, and you'll find me just.
Today, great Duke, she locked the doors on me while she feasted with ruffians in my house.
That's very bad.
Say, woman, did you do that?
No, my good lord.
Myself, my husband, and my sister dined together today.
I wager my soul that what he accuses me of is false.
Never shall I see daylight again or sleep at night if what she tells your Highness isn't true.
Oh, slandering woman!
They have both sworn falsely.
The madman's right in accusing them of that.
My lord, I am sure in what I say, neither intoxicated nor mad, provoked with fury, although what's been done to me might make a wiser man go insane.
This woman locked me out today from dinner.
My lord, in truth, I can back him up that he didn't dine at home but was locked out.
But did he have this chain from you or not?
He had, my lord, and when he ran in here, these people saw the chain around his neck.
I never went inside the abbey nor did you ever draw your sword on me.
I never saw the chain, I swear to God, and you accuse me falsely.
Why, what a complex case this is!
I think you've all drunk some magical potion.
If you saw him enter here, he would be in here.
If he were mad, he wouldn't plead so logically.
You say he dined at home.
The goldsmith here denies that.
Sir, he dined with her there, at the Porpentine.
He did, and snatched that ring from my finger.
That's true, my lord.
Did you see him enter the abbey here?
As sure, my Lord, as I see you now.
Well, this is strange.
Go tell the Abbess to come out.
I think you're all confused or totally crazy.
Most mighty Duke, allow me to say a word.
Happily, I see a friend who will save my life and pay the ransom to free me.
Speek freely whatever you want to say, Syracusian.
Sir, isn't your name Antipholus?
And is that not your bondman Dromio?
Within the past hour, I was his bondman , sir, but he, I thank him, gnawed my cords in two.
Now I'm Dromio, and his servant, unbound.
I am sure both of you remember me.
You remind us of ourselves, sir.
Recently, we were bound as you are now.
You're not Doctor Pinch's patient, are you, sir?
Why do you look at me like I'm a stranger?
You know me well.
I never saw you in my life till now.
Not your voice either.
Dromio, you don't either?
No trust me, sir, I don't either.
I am sure you do.
Yes, sir, but I am sure I do not, and whatever a man denies, you are now bound to believe him.
Not know my voice!
Oh, time's extremity , have you so damaged and split my poor tongue in seven short years that my only son here doesn't recognize my feeble voice badly singing its woes ?
Though this wrinkled face of mine is hidden in my white beard and all my veins have frozen, even in my final days, I still have some memory, my wavering eyes can still see a fading glimmer, and my dull, deaf ears can still hear a little.
All these old witnesses  they don't deceive me tell me the you are my son Antipholus.
I never saw my father in my life.
But you know we parted seven years ago in Syracuse, boy.
But, perhaps, my son, you're ashamed to acknowledge me in my misery.
I can tell you, Syracusian, I've been Antipholus's patron for twenty years, and he's never been to Syracuse in that time.
Most might duke, behold a man who has been much wronged.
Either I see two husbands or my eyes deceive me.
One of these men is genius to the other.
And so, of these two, which is the real man and which is the spirit?
Who can figure it out?
I am Dromio, sir.
Send the other one away.
I am Dromio, sir.
Please, let me stay.
Aren't you Egeon, or, if not, his ghost?
Oh, my old master.
Who has tied him up here?
Whoever tied him up, I will free him, and gain a husband in his freedom.
Speak, old Egeon, if you are the man who once had a wife named Emilia who gave birth to your two beautiful twin sons.
Oh, if you are the same Egeon, speak, and speak to the same Emilia.
If I do not dream, you are Emilia.
If you are she, tell me where is our son who floated with you on that doomed raft?
Antipholus, you came from Corinth originally.
No, sir, not me.
Hold on, stand apart from each other.
I don't know which is which.
I came from Corinth, my most gracious lord.
And I came with him.
You were brought to this town by that very famous warrior, Duke Menaphon, your celebrated uncle.
Which of the two of you dined with me today?
I, gentle lady.
And are you my husband?
No, he's definitely not.
And I agree, even though she called her husband, and this beautiful lady, her sister here, called me her brother.
What I told you earlier, I hope I'll have the opportunity to follow through on, if this isn't all a dream that I see and hear.
Sir, that is the chain that you got from me.
I think it is, sir.
I don't deny it.
And you, sir, arrested me for this chain.
I think I did, sir.
I don't deny it.
I sent Dromio with money, sir, to bail you out, but I think he didn't bring it.
No, I never was given any money.
I received this purse of money from you, and my servant Dromio brought them to me.
I offer this money as ransom for my father.
No need.
Your father can live.
Sir, I must have that diamond from you.
There, take it, with many thanks for a good time.
With all my heart, I'll celebrate at this feast.
Master, should I get your stuff from the ship?
Dromio, what stuff of mine is on a ship?
Your goods that were being kept in the Centaur, sir.
He speaks to me.
I'm your master, Dromio.
Come, go with us.
We'll deal with that later.
Embrace your brother there.
Rejoice with him.
There's a fat lady at your master's house that cornered me today at dinner, thinking it was you.
She shall be my sister now, not my wife.
I think you're my reflection and not my brother: I see in your face that I must be a good looking guy.
Will you go in to see their celebrations?
Not me first, sir.
You're older than me.
You bring up a good question.
How can we figure it out?
We'll draw straws to decide who's older.
Until then, you lead first.
No, let's do it this way: we came into the world as brother and brother, so let's walk hand in hand, not one ahead of the other.
To tell the truth, I don't know why I am so sad.
I'm tired of being sad, and you say you're tired of it, too.
But I don't know how I caught, found, or came by this sadness; what it's about; or where it came from.
And since I don't know anything about this sadness, I clearly have a ways to go in understanding myself.
Believe me, sir, if I were involved in a trade venture like yours, most of my mental energy would be with my ships, as well.
I'd be pulling up shoots of grass to use them to check the wind, and looking at maps of ports and piers and roads.
And any little thing that might make me worry that something bad would happen to my ships would make me sad, without a doubt.
I'd get upset blowing on my hot soup, because it would make me think of what a strong wind at sea could do to my ships.
If I saw the sands run in an hourglass, I would think of flat shallows where my ship, "The Andrew ," run aground with all its riches and flipped over, completely done for.
Believe me, you're wrong.
Thank goodness, not all my merchandise is in one ship or any one place, and I haven't risked all my riches on this year's venture.
Therefore, it's not my merchandise that is making me sad.
Well, then, you must be in love.
Oh please!
You're not in love either?
If it weren't for these better friends coming along, I would have stayed until I made you smile.
I see you as very worthy.
I gather you have business to take care of and are just taking this opportunity to leave.
Good day, my good lords.
The next time we get a chance, we'll spend some time together.
My Lord Bassanio, since you've found Antonio, the two of us will leave you two alone.
But please remember where we're meeting for dinner.
Don't worry.
You don't look good, Sir Antonio.
You care too much about worldly things.
Those who care too much about things end up losing them.
Believe me, you really don't look yourself.
I value the world for what it is, Gratiano: a stage where every man must play a role .
Well let me play the fool , then.
I don't care if laughter causes wrinkles.
I'd rather destroy my liver with wine than waste away with sad groans.
Why should a warm blooded man be as cold and stoic as a statue of his dead grandfather?
Well, we'll leave you until dinnertime, then.
I must be one of these dumb but wise seeming men he talks about, because Gratiano never lets me speak.
Well, stick around with me for two more years and you'll forget what your voice even sounds like.
Goodbye.
I'll start to talk more, now.
Thanks, because in fact the only tongues that should keep quiet are beef tongues on the dinner plate, and those of uncooperative maids.
What do you think of all that?
Gratiano speaks an endless stream of nonsense, more than any man in all of Venice.
Well, then tell me know who the lady is that you made an agreement with to go on a secret trip?
Please do tell me, good Bassanio.
And if your plan is as honorable as you still are, rest assured that I will help you with my money, myself, and whatever other ways I can.
You know me well, and are wasting your time complicating my affection for you with explanation and reasoning.
You do me more wrong in doubting that I love you enough to lend you more money than if you had wasted all of my money.
There's a lady in Belmont who has inherited some riches and is both beautiful  more beautiful than can be described  and virtuous.
We've occasionally exchanged some knowing glances.
You know that all my money has been put into my ships.
I have neither money nor any goods to sell in order raise some funds for you.
So go forth and see how far my credit will get you in Venice, all of which I will use to get you to Belmont and to beautiful Portia.
I swear, Nerissa, my little body is tired of this great big world.
If your troubles were as great as your good fortune, then you would be tired of the world.
But as I see it, it seems that those who live in excess are as unhappy as those who starve with nothing.
One should be happy, then, to find oneself somewhere in the middle.
Well spoken.
They'd be better if people followed them.
Your father was always virtuous, and holy men have good ideas when they are dying.
He has set up a lottery where your suitors will have to choose between chests of gold, silver, and lead, and whoever chooses the right one will win you as a wife.
And I am sure whoever chooses correctly will be a man who will love you well.
Please, name them one by one.
First, there is the prince from Naples.
Then there is the Count Palatine.
He does nothing but frown, as if he's saying, "If you will not have me as your husband, choose someone else.  "
He doesn't smile when he hears funny stories.
I worry that when he grows old he'll turn into a weeping philosopher , since he's so full of impolite sadness as a young man.
I'd rather be married to a skull with a bone in its mouth than to either of these men .
God defend me from these two!
What do you have to say about the French lord, Monsieur le Bon?
God created him, so I guess he counts as a man.
I know it is a sin to mock someone like this, but he deserves it!
He has a horse better than the prince from Naples' and frowns more than the Count Palatine.
What do you have to say about Falconbridge, then, the young baron from England?
You know that I say nothing to him, because he can't understand me and I can't understand him.
He knows neither Latin, French, nor Italian, and you could swear in a court of law that I have practically no English.
He looks like a proper man, but who can talk with a someone who can't talk back?
And how strange his clothes are!
I think he bought his jacket in Italy, his socks in France, his hat in Germany, and his behavior everywhere.
What do you think of his neighbor to the north, the Scottish lord?
I think he has a neighborly sense of charity, because he received a slap from the Englishman and only threatened to hit him back later, when he could.
I think the Frenchman promised to join with him to pay the Englishman back, and added another slap.
How do you like the young German, the Duke of Saxony's nephew?
I dislike him in the morning, when he's sober, and I really hate him in the afternoon, when he's drunk.
At his best, he is not quite a man, and at his worst he is barely better than a beast.
Even if worst comes to worst, I hope I won't have to marry him.
If he chooses the right casket and you refuse to marry him, you'd be refusing to follow your father's will.
You don't have to worry about any of these lords, my lady.
They have told me their intentions, and they are all planning on returning home and not bothering you anymore, unless they can win your favor by some other way than your father's plan with the caskets.
If I live to be as old as the Cumaean Sibyl , I'll still be as chaste as Diana unless I am married by my father's plan.
I am glad this bunch of suitors have too much sense to play the game, because there is not one among them whose presence I actually enjoy.
And I pray that God may grant them a smooth trip home.
Do you remember, lady, from your father's time in Venice, a scholar and soldier who came here along with the Marquess of Montferrat?
Yes, yes, it was Bassanio  I think that was his name.
That's right, madam.
Of any man my foolish eyes have ever seen, he was the one most deserving of a beautiful lady.
I remember him well, and I remember him being worthy of your praise.
The four foreigners want to speak with you to say goodbye, madam.
And ahead of them comes a fifth person, sent by the Prince of Morocco, who brings word that his master the prince will be here tonight.
If I could welcome the fifth person as happily as I will say goodbye to the first four, then I would really be ecstatic to see him.
If he is as good as a saint but as dark as the devil , I'd rather he listen to my confession than make me his wife.
Come with me, Nerissa.
You , go ahead of us.
While we shut the gates on one suitor, another one comes knocking at the door.
Three thousand ducats , eh?
Yes, sir, for three months.
For three months, eh?
And, as I told you, Antonio will be the guarantor of the loan.
Antonio will, eh?
Can you help me out?
Will you agree to the loan?
Can I hear your answer?
Three thousand ducats for three months, and Antonio will be bound to guarantee the loan.
What's your answer to that offer?
Antonio is a good man.
Have you heard anyone say otherwise about him?
Oh no, no, no, no I haven't.
I just meant to suggest that is a sufficient guarantor for the loan.
But, his wealth isn't certain at the moment.
He has one ship bound for Tripoli and another for the Indies.
You can be sure of that.
I will be sure, and I will figure out how I can be completely sure.
May I speak with Antonio?
Would you like to have dinner with Antonio and me?
Oh yes, I'd love to eat pork with you, the animal into which your Jesus exorcised the devil.
I will buy and sell with you, talk with you, walk with you, and so forth, but I will neither eat, nor drink, nor pray with you.
What's the news on the Rialto?
Who is the man coming here?
This is Mr.   Antonio.
Shylock, are you listening?
I am thinking about how much money I have right now, and as best as I can remember, I can't raise the gross sum of three thousand ducats right now.
But that doesn't matter.
Tubal, a wealthy Jew of my tribe, will supply the rest of the money.
But wait!
How many months do you want the money for?
Hello, good sir.
We were just talking about you.
Shylock, I normally don't lend or borrow money with interest, but in order to help my needy friend, I'll break my custom.
Does he know how much money you want yet?
Yes, yes, three thousand ducats.
And for three months.
I had forgotten  three months.
You told me that.
Well then, and you'll be the guarantor on behalf of Bassanio, let's see  but listen, I thought you said you don't lend or borrow money with interest.
I never do.
And what about him?
Did he charge interest?
Maybe: I make the money multiply as fast as sheep.
But listen, sir
Take note, Bassanio: even the devil can quote the Bible for his own purpose.
An evil soul quoting holy words is like a villain who pretends to be good, a good looking apple with a rotten core.
What a good appearance falsehood can have!
Three thousand ducats: that's a good, round number.
Well, Shylock, will we be in your debt?
Sir Antonio, many times you have criticized me about my money and habit of charging interest in the Rialto.
I have endured it all with patience and a shrug, because we Jews are known for our ability to endure.
I am likely to call you such names again, spit on you again, and spurn you, too.
Why, look at your temper!
I would be friends with you and have your affection, forget about how you have shamed me, lend you what you need and take no interest  but you won't listen to me!
I'm giving you a kind offer.
That would be kind.
I'll show you this kindness.
Sure, why not?
I'll agree to such a deal, and I'll admit there is much kindness in Jews.
I won't let you agree to such a deal on my behalf!
I'd rather deal with my poverty.
Don't worry, man.
I won't have to give up the pound of flesh.
I expect to make nine times the amount of this contract within these next two months, and that's a month before I have to pay him back.
Yes, Shylock, I will enter into this contract
Then meet me right away at the notary's office.
Take care, gentle Jew.
I don't like fair terms when they're thought up by a villain's mind.
Come on.
There's nothing bad about this.
Don't dislike me because of my skin color, the shadow  colored skin that results from the burning sun in Africa.
In terms of my choosing a husband, I care about more than looks.
And besides, my destiny is to be decided by a lottery, so I can't even choose for myself.
Thank you for that compliment.
Therefore, I beg you to lead me to the caskets so I can try my luck.
I promise.
Come on, bring me to the caskets.
First, let's go forward to the temple.
After dinner, you can try your luck.
May I have good luck, then!
I'll either be a blessed or a cursed man.
Certainly part of me wants to run from my master, this Jew.
The devil whispers in my ear, tempting me, saying to me, "Gobbo," "Launcelot Gobbo," "Good Launcelot," or "Good Gobbo," or "Good Launcelot Gobbo"  "use your legs, get going, run away.  "
But my conscience says, "No.
Wait here, honest Launcelot.
Excuse me, young man, where is the Jew's house?
Young man, please, where is the Jew's house?
At the next intersection, take a right, and then at the next take a left.
And then at the next intersection keep going straight and you'll be at the Jew's house.
By God, it will be hard to find my way there.
Do you know if someone named Launcelot, who lives with him, is there with him or not?
Are you talking about young Master Launcelot?
Watch this.
Now I'll raise the stakes.
Are you talking about the young Master Launcelot?
Not a "master," sir, but a poor man's son.
His father, though, is an honest, if very poor, man and  thank God  in good health.
Well, whatever his father is like, we are talking about young Master Launcelot.
Yes, but just Launcelot, not "master," sir.
But I ask you, ergo , old man, I beg you: are you talking about young Master Launcelot?
Master, I am speaking of someone simply called Launcelot.
Ergo, Master Launcelot.
God forbid!
In my old age I relied on that boy, like a crutch!
Do I look like a crutch or a prop?
Do you recognize me, father?
I swear, I don't know who you are, young gentleman.
But please tell me: is my son  God rest his soul  alive or dead?
Do you not know who I am, father?
Alas, sir, I am completely blind.
I don't know you.
Even if you could see, you might not recognize me.
It takes a wise father to recognize his own child.
Well, old man, I will give you news regarding your son.
Give me your blessing.
The truth will come to light.
Please sir, stand up.
I am sure you aren't my son Launcelot.
I can't believe that you are my son.
I don't know what to think of that.
But I really am Launcelot, the Jew's servant, and I am sure your wife Margery is my mother.
My wife's name is Margery, indeed.
If you're Launcelot, I'll swear you are my own flesh and blood.
Good lord, what a beard you have!
You have more hair on your chin than my horse Dobbin has on his tail.
It would seem that Dobbin's tail is shrinking, then.
I am sure that he had more hair on his tail the last time I saw him than I have on my face.
Lord, you have changed!
How are you and your master getting along?
I have bought him a present.
Are you getting along with him?
You may do that, but do it quick so that supper is ready by five o'clock at the latest.
Make sure these letters are delivered, get the outfits made, and tell Gratiano to come soon to my house.
Go talk to him, father.
God bless you!
Thanks!
Do you want something?
This here is my son, a poor boy
Not a poor boy, sir, but a servant of the rich Jew.
He has a great desire, sir, as they say, to serve   serve
Yes, to make a long story short, I currently serve under the Jew and, as my father will tell you, I have a desire
He and his master, your reverence, are not the closest of friends
To be brief, the truth is that the Jew, having wronged me, now makes it so that I, as my father, being an old man, will provide you with
I have a gift of a plate of doves here that I would give to you, and all I ask is
In short, the request is about me, and you will learn from this honest old man  and even though I'm his son, I tell you, even though he's old and poor, my father
One of you speak for both of you.
What do you want?
To be your servant, sir.
That is the heart of the matter, sir.
I know you well.
You will get what you ask for.
Your master Shylock spoke with me today and spoke well of you, if you really want to leave the service of a rich Jew to become a servant of such a poor gentleman.
Well said.
Go along with your son, father.
Go leave your old master and come inquire at my house.
Give him a outfit more frilled than his fellow servants.
Make sure this is done.
Father, go.
I can't get a job, no.
I'm not very good at talking.
Well, I have as good a palm as any man in Italy to swear upon a Bible with.
I will have good luck.
Look, here's the life line.
It predicts several wives.
Please, Leonardo, pay attention to this.
Buy and arrange these things and then come back to me quickly, for I'm having my most respected acquaintance over for dinner tonight.
Get going now.
I'll give it my best effort.
Where is your master?
Over there, sir, walking about.
Sir Bassanio!
Gratiano!
I have a favor to ask of you.
Your wish is my command.
Please don't deny my favor.
I must go with you to Belmont.
Well then, you will.
But listen, Gratiano.
Sir Bassanio, listen to me.
Well, we will see how you behave.
But tonight is an exception.
Don't gauge me based on what I do tonight.
And I must go to Lorenzo and the others.
We will see you at dinner time.
I am sorry that you are leaving my father's service like this.
Our house is hell, and you, a joking little devil, made life here a little less boring.
But I wish you well.
Goodbye!
I am speaking through my tears.
You most beautiful pagan, you sweet Jew!
I'll bet some Christian will figure out a way to get you.
But goodbye.
These silly tears aren't very manly.
Goodbye.
Farewell, good Launcelot.
No, we'll sneak off at dinner, disguise ourselves at my house, and then get back here all in an hour.
We haven't prepared well enough for this.
We haven't got ourselves torchbearers yet.
Unless we plan carefully, this will turn out badly, and it will be better not to try this.
It's only four o'clock now.
We have two hours to get ready.
If you would open this up, it will tell you.
I know this handwriting.
Truly written by a beautiful hand, one whiter than the paper it wrote on.
Something about love, is it?
May I leave, sir?
Where are you going?
Sir, I am going to tell my old master the Jew to dine tonight with my new master the Christian.
Hold on.
Take this.
Tell gentle Jessica that I won't fail her.
Tell her this privately.
And you gentlemen, go and prepare for this masquerade party tonight.
Yes, sure thing, I'll go see to it right away.
And so will I.
Meet Gratiano and me at Gratiano's house a few hours from now.
That's a good plan.
Wasn't that letter from the beautiful Jessica?
I must tell you everything.
She has instructed me in how to take her away from her father's house and told me what gold and jewels she has, and that she has a servant's outfit ready.
If her father the Jew ever gets into heaven, it will be thanks to his gentle, good daughter.
And may misfortune never befall her unless under the excuse that she is the daughter of a faithless Jew.
Come now, go with me.
Read this as you go.
Jessica!
Who told you to call for her?
I didn't order you to do that.
You did often tell me not to do anything unless you ordered me to.
You called?
What do you want?
I have been invited to a dinner, Jessica.
Here are my keys.
But then again, why should I go?
They haven't invited me out of friendly affection.
They're just trying to flatter me.
Nonetheless, I'll go out of spite to eat that extravagant Christian's food.
Jessica, my girl, look after the house.
I am reluctant to leave it.
There are bad things being stirred up for me, for I had a dream about money bags last night.
I beg you, sir, go to the dinner.
My young master expects your reproach .
And I expect his.
And they've been planning together.
I'm not saying you will definitely see a masquerade party, but if you do then it really was a true omen when my nose started bleeding last Black Monday at six o'clock in the morning, just like Ash Wednesday four years ago in the afternoon.
What, is there a masquerade party planned?
Listen to me, Jessica.
Lock up my doors, and when you hear the party drum and the vile squealing of the thin flute, don't look out of the balconies or put your head out into the street in order to look at the foolish Christians with masked faces.
Shut up the windows and don't let the sound of their dumb celebration enter my sober house.
By Jacob's staff I swear that I have no intention to feast and party tonight.
But I will go to the dinner.
Go ahead of me, Launcelot.
Tell them I'm coming.
I will go ahead, sir.
Mistress, despite your father's warnings, look out of a window.
You'll see a Christian come by who's worth your Jewish eye.
What did that foolish Christian tell you?
He said, "Farewell, mistress.  "
Nothing else.
Goodbye, and if I have any good luck, soon I will have lost a father and you will have lost a daughter.
This is the house Lorenzo wanted us to wait at.
He's nearly late.
Yes, and that's surprising, because those in love are usually early.
The doves of Venus fly ten times faster to consummate a new relationship than to keep couples together.
That's always true.
Who leaves a meal as hungry as when he sat down?
Here comes Lorenzo.
We can talk about this more later.
My sweet friends, forgive me for being late.
I didn't keep you waiting on purpose, but had to because of my business.
When you are the ones trying and steal your wives away, I'll wait just as patiently for you as you've waited for me.
Come here.
Who are you?
Tell me so I can be sure, although I swear I recognize your voice.
It is Lorenzo, your love.
You are certainly Lorenzo, and definitely my love.
Who do I love as much as you?
Heaven and you yourself both know that you are mine.
Here, catch this box.
It's worth the effort.
Come down.
What, I'm supposed to hold up a candle so you can see my shameful appearance?
Speaking of light, my behavior is a little too light on morality.
You are hidden, sweetie, in the lovely disguise of a boy.
I'll make sure the doors are securely closed and get some more money, and then I'll be with you right away.
I swear, she's too gentle to be a Jew.
Call me crazy, but I love her with all my heart.
If I'm any judge of character, she is wise.
And if my eyes are trustworthy, she is beautiful.
Moreover, she has proven herself to be loyal.
And since she is wise, beautiful, and loyal, she will always be in my heart.
Who's there?
Sir Antonio?
Ah, Gratiano!
Where is everyone else?
It's nine o'clock.
Our friends are all waiting for you.
There's not going to be a masquerade party tonight.
I'm glad.
Go open the curtains and reveal the caskets to this noble prince.

The first one, made of gold, has this inscription: "He who chooses me will get what many men desire.  "
The second one, made of silver, has this promise written on it: "He who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.  "
The third one, made of dull lead, has this blunt warning: "He who chooses me must give up and risk all that he has.  "
How will I know if I choose the right casket?
One of them has my picture inside, Prince.
If you choose that one then I am yours.
May some god help me make my choice!
Let's see.
I will look over the inscriptions again.
What does the lead casket say?
"He who chooses me must give up and risk all that he has.  "
Must give up for what?
For some lead?
Risk everything for lead?
This casket's inscription doesn't bode well.
If I am going to risk everything, it must be in hope of a big reward.
A golden mind doesn't stoop to trash.
I won't risk or give up anything for lead, then.
What does the silver one, with its pure hue, say?
"He who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.  "
As much as he deserves!
I need to think this over for a second, and consider how much I deserve.
There, take it, Prince.
And if my picture is within, then I am yours.
Oh hell, what is this?
A skull, and inside the eye socket is a scroll.
I'll read what's written on it.
"All that glitters is not gold  you have often heard this saying.
Many a man has given up his life just to see my outside.
But golden tombs contain nothing but worms.
Good riddance.
Close the curtains back up.
I hope everyone of his complexion will choose that cask.
Man, I saw Bassanio sail away and Gratiano went along with him.
And I'm sure that Lorenzo is not with them in their ship.
That villainous Jew cried out for the Duke's help, and got him to search Bassanio's ship.
He came too late.
The ship had already set sail.
But it was explained to the Duke that Lorenzo and his loving Jessica were seen together in a gondola.
Besides, Antonio told the Duke that those two were not with Bassanio in his ship.
I have never heard a passionate outburst of rage as confused, strange, outrageous, and varied as that dog the Jew uttered in the streets.
He was yelling, "My daughter!
Oh, my ducats!
O my daughter, she ran away with a Christian!
Oh, my ducats that now belong to a Christian!
Justice, and the law!
All the boys in Venice were following him, crying out, "His jewels, his daughter, and his ducats!  "
Yes, indeed.
I talked yesterday with a French person who told me that there was a shipwreck in the narrow waters that separate England and France involving a ship from our country carrying lots of riches.
I thought of Antonio when he said this, and wished to myself that the ship was not his.
No gentleman is as kind as Antonio is.
I saw Bassanio and him leave each other.
Bassanio told him he would come back quickly and Antonio replied, "Don't rush.
I think Bassanio means the world to Antonio.
Please, let's go and find him and cheer him from his constant melancholy with some good times or something.
Yes, let's do that.
Hurry, hurry, please.
Close up the curtain right now.
The Prince of Aragon has sworn his oath and now comes to make his selection.
Behold, there are the caskets, noble Prince.
If you choose the one that contains a picture of me, we will get married right away.
But if you make the wrong choice, you must leave here immediately, my lord, without saying another word.
Everyone must agree to these conditions who wants to risk it for me, as worthless as I am.
I am prepared to take the risk.
May fortune smile upon the hopes in my heart!
Gold, silver, and lowly lead.
You've taken too much time for what you've found inside.
What's here?
The portrait of an idiot holding something for me to read!
I will read it.
How different this picture is from one of Portia!
This is so unlike what I hoped for and what I deserved!
"He who chooses me will get as much as he deserves!  "
Did I deserve nothing but a fool's head?
Is that my prize?
Do I deserve no better?
If I were to answer you, it might offend you.
What does it say here?
And he's gone, like a moth that's flown too close to the flame.
These fools think it over so much!
And when they finally choose, their wits aren't enough and they lose.
The ancient saying is true: death and marriage are matters of destiny.
Come on, close the curtain, Nerissa.
I am here.
What do you want?
Enough, please.
God of Love, please let it be Bassanio!
What news is there from the Rialto now?
Well, there's an unproven rumor around there that Antonio has lost a ship carrying many riches on the English Channel.
I hope this rumor is as false as a woman who tells her neighbors she has wept over the death of her third husband.
But it is true, at the risk of talking your ear off, that the good Antonio, the honest Antonio  oh, I wish I had something to call him that was good enough to be next to his name!
Come on, get to the point.
Hm, what are you saying?
Oh, the point is that he has lost a ship.
I hope this is the last of his losses.
Let me say "amen" now, so that the devil doesn't interfere with that prayer, because here comes the devil himself, in the shape of a Jew.
You knew about my daughter's plan to run away, and no one knew better than you.
That's for sure.
For my part, I knew the tailor who made the wings she flew away on.
And as for Shylock, he knew his little birdie had wings and he knew she was likely to leave the nest.
She is damned for running away.
That's certain, if you, the devil, are her judge.
I can't believe my own flesh and blood rebelled against me!
No way, you old thing!
You can't control your flesh even at your age?
I mean my daughter is my own flesh and blood.
There's a greater difference between your flesh and hers than between coal and ivory, and a greater difference between your blood and hers than between red and white wine.
But tell us, have you heard whether Antonio has suffered any losses at sea or not?
With him I have more bad luck!
Well, I'm sure that if he doesn't pay you back you won't actually take his flesh.
What would that be good for?
I could use it as bait for fish.
If it will feed nothing else, it will at least feed my revenge.
Gentlemen, my master Antonio is at his house and wishes to speak with both of you.
We've been all over the place looking for him.
Here comes another Jew.
There couldn't be a third to match these two unless the devil himself turned into a Jew.
How are things, Tubal?
What's the news from Genoa?
Have you found my daughter?
I often found word of her, but I couldn't find her.
Well there you go!
One of the diamonds she took cost me two thousand ducats in Frankfurt .
Our people are cursed but I've never felt the curse until now!
Two thousand ducats lost in that diamond, plus the other precious, precious jewels.
I wish my daughter were dead here at my feet, with the jewels in her ear.
Other men have bad luck, too.
I heard in Genoa that Antonio
What, what, what?
He's had some bad luck?
Antonio has lost a ship coming from Tripoli.
I thank God, I thank God!
Is it true?
I spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the shipwreck.
Thank you, good Tubal.
Good news, good news!
Ha ha, good news heard in Genoa.
As I heard, your daughter spent eighty ducats in one night in Genoa.
You stick a knife in my heart.
I will never see my gold again.
Eighty ducats in one sitting!
Eighty ducats!
Some of Antonio's creditors came with me to Venice and swore that he has no choice but to forfeit on his loan.
I'm very glad to hear that.
I'll keep after him.
I'll torture him.
I'm glad about this.
One of them showed me a ring that your daughter gave him in payment for a monkey.
Damn her!
You are torturing me, Tubal, by telling me this.
That must have been my turquoise ring.
Leah gave it to me when I was a bachelor.
I would not have given it away for a whole jungle full of monkeys.
But Antonio is certainly ruined.
Yes, that's true, very true.
Go and get a police officer for me, Tubal.
Pay for his services two weeks in advance.
Please, take your time.
Wait a day or two before you take the risk, because if you choose incorrectly then you will have to leave me.
So wait a while.
Let me choose a casket, for as it is right now I am in torture.
In torture, Bassanio?
Then confess what treason you have committed out of your love.
I am guilty of nothing but some mistrust, which makes me worry I may never be able to enjoy my love.
Snow and fire go better together than any treason and my love.
Yes, but I am worried that you are only saying this because you are being tortured.
Promise me my life and I'll tell you the truth.
Well then, confess the truth and you will live.
"Confess and love," yes, that's it.
What nice torture, when my torturer tells me the right thing to say to be let go!
But now let me try my luck and go to the caskets.
Let's go, then.
My picture is locked in one of the caskets.
If you truly love me, you will find it.
Nerissa and everyone else, stand back.
Let some music play while he makes his choice.
Then if he loses, he will at least have a swanlike end, dying with a song.
To make him really like a swan, I'll cry a river for him to swim and drown in.
And if he wins, what will be the point of the music?
In that case, the music will be like the flourish that plays when subjects bow to a newly crowned king.
The sweet sounds that wake up a dreaming groom at dawn on his wedding day, and announce that his wedding is here.
And now he goes to the caskets looking as noble as Hercules, but more loving, when Hercules rescued the Trojan princess from the sea monster.
Answer, answer.
Ding, dong, bell.
The appearances of these may be deceiving.
The whole world is tricked by fancy appearances.
In the court of law, a corrupt and false plea can hide its own evil with a pleasant voice.
In religion, a damned mistake can be covered over with the nice show of a blessing and some scripture to justify it.
All other emotions are flying away  doubt and rash despair, shuddering fear, and green eyed jealousy!
I must moderate my love and restrain my ecstasy.
What do I find here?
The picture of beautiful Portia!
What godly artist has rendered the image so close to real life?
Do the eyes in this picture move?
You see me as I am, standing here, Lord Bassanio.
My Lord Bassanio and my gentle lady, I wish you all the joy that I can wish you, so that there's none left for you to wish for from me.
And when you have your wedding ceremony to solidify your union, I beg that I may be married at the same time.
With all my heart, I say yes, if you can find a wife.
I thank you, my lord, because you have found me one.
My eyes are as quick as yours, my lord.
While you were looking at the mistress, I was watching her maid.
You fell in love, and so did I.
Just like you, I don't want to wait.
Your fortune depended on the casket there, and so did mine, as it turns out.
Is this true, Nerissa?
Madam, it is true, if you don't mind.
And are you being sincere and honest, Gratiano?
Yes, truly, my lord.
It will be our honor to celebrate your marriage, as well, at our wedding feast.
We can bet them a thousand ducats that we'll have a son before they do.
You want to stake down that money now?
No, we'll never win the bet if I stake down .
But who is this coming here?
Lorenzo and his un Christian friend?
What's this, and Salerio, too, my old friend from Venice?
Lorenzo and Salerio, welcome, if I can welcome you here so soon after winning ownership of this place.
With your permission, I bid my friends and countrymen welcome, Sweet Portia.
And so do I, my lord.
Thank you, your honor.
Before I open this letter, please tell me how my good friend Antonio is doing.
Nerissa, cheer up that stranger.
Welcome her here.
Salerio, let me shake your hand.
What's the news from Venice?
How is good Antonio, that royal merchant, doing?
I know he'll be glad to hear about our romantic successes here.
We are like the hero Jason after retrieving the golden fleece.
I wish you had won enough to replace what Antonio has lost
There are some serious matters in that letter that are making Bassanio's face go pale.
Sweet Portia, these are some of the most unpleasant words that were ever written on paper.
Not one ship, my lord.
And even if Antonio had the money to pay the Jew back, it seems he wouldn't take it.
I've never seen an animal in the shape of a man as greedy as him and as eager to spite another man.
He pleads his case to the Duke every morning and every night, and says that if he is denied justice it would be a disgrace to the state.
When I was with Shylock I heard him swear to his fellow Jews Tubal and Chus that he would rather have Antonio's flesh than twenty times the amount of money Antonio owes him.
Is this man who is in such trouble your dear friend?
What amount of money does he owe the Jew?
Three thousand ducats, on my behalf.
What, is that it?
Pay him six thousand ducats and scrap the agreement!
Double six thousand, and triple it before allowing such a close friend to lose even a hair on account of Bassanio.
First go with me to the church so we can finalize our marriage, and then go to Venice to help your friend.
You will never lie by my side with a troubled soul.
You will have enough gold to pay twenty times this petty debt.
Once it is paid off, bring your true friend back with you.
My maid Nerissa and I will be as chaste as maids and widows while you are gone.
Come on, let's go!
You are going to leave me on our very wedding day.
Welcome your friends here, and show them a good time.
"Sweet Bassanio, all my ships have been wrecked.
My creditors have become cruel.
I don't have much money.
I cannot pay the Jew back.
And since once the Jew takes the flesh from me I will die, all your debts to me are cleared, if only I can see you before I die.
Regardless, enjoy yourself.
My love, forget about everything else and go!
Since I have your permission to go away, I will hurry.
Jailer, keep an eye on him.
Don't say anything about mercy.
That's the fool that lent out money with no interest.
Keep an eye on him, jailer.
Just listen to me, good Shylock.
I'll have what you owe me.
Don't try to reason your way out of it.
I have sworn an oath that I will have what you owe me.
You called me a dog without any reason.
Well, if I'm a dog then look out for my bite.
The Duke will grant me justice.
I wonder, you naughty jailer, why you like him so much to have come outside the jail with him as he asked.
I beg you, listen to what I have to say.
I'll have what you owe me.
I won't listen to anything you say.
I'll have what you owe me, so don't say another word to me.
I won't be a lenient, dull fool and just shake my head, sigh, and give in to the Christians who plead on your behalf.
Don't follow me.
I won't listen to you.
I will have what you owe me.
He is the most stubborn beast that ever kept company with men.
Leave him alone.
I won't follow after him anymore with my useless pleas.
He wants my life.
And I know why.
Often I helped men who owed things to him at the last minute, when they begged me.
That's why he hates me.
I am sure the Duke will never allow him to take the pound of flesh.
The Duke cannot deny the law.
My servants already know my intentions and will obey you and Jessica in place of Lord Bassanio and me.
Farewell until we meet again.
May you have pleasant thoughts and happy times!
I wish you contentment, my lady.
Thank you for your wish, and I am pleased to wish you the same.
Farewell, Jessica.
Madam, I will go as quickly as I can.
Come on, Nerissa, I have a plan you don't know about yet.
We'll see our husbands before they even think of us.
Will they see us?
They will, Nerissa, but we will be dressed as the very thing we currently lack: men.
Are we going to turn to men?
Yes, truly, for remember that the sins of the father fall upon his children.
Therefore I worry for you.
I have always been straightforward with you, so I will tell you what I am troubled about.
Cheer up, for I think you really are doomed.
There's one hope that can result in any good for you, but that's only an illegitimate hope.
And what hope might that be?
Well, you can hope that your father is not really your father, and that you are not really the Jew's daughter.
That I'm an illegitimate child?
That really is an illegitimate hope.
Then I fear you are doomed because of your mother and your father.
Then I will be saved by my husband.
He has made me a Christian.
Then he is even more blameworthy.
We had enough Christians already, as many as could live well together.
Making you a Christian will raise the price of pigs .
If everyone starts to eat pork, it won't be long before we won't be able to cook some bacon for all the money in the world.
Launcelot, I'll tell my husband what you are saying.
Here he comes.
I'll be jealous of you soon, Launcelot, if you keep taking my wife alone into corners like this.
No, you don't need to worry about us, Lorenzo.
Launcelot and I aren't getting along.
He tells me flat out that there is no mercy for me in heaven because I am a Jew's daughter, and he says you are not a good Christian because in converting Jews to Christianity you raise the price of pork.
I can give a reply to that better than you can reply to the charge of sleeping with an African.
The Moor is pregnant with your child, Launcelot.
There's more of the Moor than there should be.
But even if she's less than an honest woman, she's more than I thought she was.
Any fool can play with puns!
They're already prepared, sir.
They all have their stomachs.
What a sharp wit you have!
Go tell them to get dinner ready.
That's done, too, sir.
The table just needs to be set.
Will you cover it, then
No, sir, I won't.
I know my place.
Even more annoying nonsense!
WIll you exhaust your store of wit anytime soon?
Please, understand what I plainly mean.
Go to your fellow servants, tell them to cover the table and serve the meat, and we will then come in to have dinner.
Sir, I will serve the table and cover the meat .
Come in for dinner, sir, whenever you like.
What a way he has with words!
I like her more than I can say.
Lord Bassanio must have lived a very virtuous life, for he has found such a blessing in his wife that he seems to have found the joys of heaven here on earth.
And if he doesn't deserve this happiness on earth then he doesn't deserve it in heaven.
If two gods were making some heavenly bet and used two women on their wager, and one chose Portia, the other one wouldn't be able to find her equal anywhere on earth.
I am as good a husband to you as she is a good wife to Bassanio.
But ask my opinion on that matter, too!
I will soon.
Let's go to dinner first.
No, let me praise you now before we eat.
No, please, let's talk about it at the dinner table.
Then, I'll digest what you say along with everything else.
I won't disappoint.
Well, is Antonio here?
I'm here and ready, as you please.
I am sorry for you.
You have come here to face an adversary as stubborn as a rock, an inhuman wretch incapable of pity, completely empty of a single drop of mercy.
I have heard that you have tried your hardest to change his rigid mind.
One of you men go and tell the Jew to come to the court.
He is waiting outside the door.
Here he comes, my lord.
Make room, so that he can stand right in front of me.
Your grace, I have told you what my intention is, and I have sworn by the holy Sabbath to take what is owed to me by our legal contract.
If you deny me this rightful penalty, it will reflect poorly upon your city and its freedom.
I'm sure you're going to ask me why I would choose to have a pound of flesh rather than the three thousand ducats I've been offered.
I won't give you any answer other than to say I just feel like it.
Is that enough of an answer?
What if I had a rat in my house and I felt like paying ten thousand ducats to have it killed?
Is that enough of an answer for you?
This is not a sufficient answer, you unfeeling man, to excuse your cruelty.
I don't have to please you with answers.
Do all men kill things they dislike?
Wouldn't everyone like to kill the things they hate?
Not every act of wrongdoing must lead to hate.
What, would you let a snake sting you twice?
Please, are you trying to reason with the Jew?
You might as well go stand on the beach and ask the tide not to come in as high as is its custom.
You might as well ask the wolf why he makes the ewe cry by eating the lamb.
You might as well forbid the mountain pines from swaying with their high tops and tell them to make no noise when gusts of wind blow through them.
You might as well do anything impossible as try to soften his Jewish heart  is there anything harder than his heart?
Here's six thousand ducats instead of the three thousand for you.
How can you hope for mercy if you don't show it yourself?
Why should I worry about mercy when I've done nothing wrong?
I have the power to dismiss this court, unless Bellario, a learned doctor of law, comes here today.
My lord, there's a messenger standing just outside with letters from Bellario.
Bring me the letter and call the messenger in.
Cheer up, Antonio!
Keep your courage, man!
The Jew will have all my flesh, blood, and bones before I let him take one drop of blood from you on my account.
I am like a diseased sheep in a flock, one who ought to die.
The weakest fruit drops earliest to the ground.
Have you come from Padua, from Bellario?
Yes, from both, my lord.
Bellario sends his greetings, your grace.
Why are you sharpening your knife so eagerly?
To cut what is owed to me off of that bankrupt man over there.
You should be sharpening your knife not on the sole of your shoe, harsh Jew, but on your hardened soul.
But no blade, not even the executioner's axe, is half as sharp as your sharp envy.
Can no prayers pierce your stubborn heart?
No, at least no prayers that you are smart enough to make.
Unless you can rip the official seal off my contract, all you're doing by speaking so loudly is hurting your own lungs.
Take care of your mind, young man, or it wall fall apart with time.
I support the law.
This letter from Bellario recommends a young and well  educated doctor of law to our court.
Where is this man?
He is waiting nearby to hear whether you'll let him into the court.
With all my heart, I'll let him in.
Three or four of you go and courteously bring him here.
In the meantime, the court will hear Bellario's letter.
"Your grace should understand that at the time you are reading this I am very sick, but when your messenger came to me I happened to have a young lawyer from Rome visiting.
His name is Balthazar.
I told him about the controversial case between the Jew and Antonio the merchant.
We consulted many law books together.
He knows my opinion on the matter, which has been enriched by his own intelligence, which I can't speak of highly enough, and he brings my opinion to you in my place.
Yes, my lord.
Welcome.
Take your place here.
Are you familiar with the different sides of the case facing the court right now?
I have been thoroughly informed about the case.
Which one of these men is the merchant, and which is the Jew?
Antonio and old Shylock, both of you come forward.
Is your name Shylock?
Shylock is my name.
You are pursuing a strange case, but there is nothing under Venetian law that can stop you from proceeding.
You are at his mercy, aren't you?
Yes, as Shylock says.
Do you confess that you have broken the agreement?
I do.
Then the Jew must be merciful.
Why must I?
Tell me why.
Mercy is not something that one is forced to practice.
It falls easily like gentle rain from the sky.
It is a doubly blessed thing: it blesses both the person showing mercy and the person receiving mercy.
Mercy is most admirable in the mightiest men.
It looks better on a king than his crown.
My deeds are my responsibility.
Can he not pay the money back?
Yes, here, I have the money for him in the court, even twice the sum.
If that is not enough, I will pay ten times the sum of money, or else give up my hands, my head, my heart.
If none of this is enough, then Shylock's malice overwhelms his honesty.
He must not do that.
No one in Venice is powerful enough to alter an agreed upon decree.
It would set a bad precedent, and many errors would be made by following it as an example.
That cannot happen.
A Daniel is now judging, yes, a Daniel!
I honor you, wise young judge.
Please, let me look at the agreement.
Here it is, most honorable lawyer, here it is.
Shylock, you are being offered three times the money you are owed.
An oath, an oath, I have made an oath by heaven.
Should I backtrack on my oath and make my soul guilty of perjury?
No, not even for all of Venice.
Well, the penalty must be paid!
The Jew may lawfully claim a pound of flesh to be cut off from near the merchant's heart.
Be merciful, Shylock.
Take three times the money.
Tell me to tear up the agreement.
You can tear it up after the debt has been paid.
It seems that you are a worthy judge.
You know the law.
Your interpretation has been correct.
I order you by the law, which you must obey, to go on and make judgment.
By my soul I swear that nothing anyone can say can change my mind.
With all my heart I ask the court to issue its judgment.
Well, then, this is it: you must prepare your chest for his knife.
What a noble judge!
What an excellent young man!
The intent and purpose of the law relates to the penalty, which has been agreed upon in the contract.
That's very true.
What a wise and just judge!
You are wise beyond your years!
Therefore, lay bare your chest.
Yes, his breast.
That's what the contract says.
Doesn't it, noble judge?
"Near his heart"  those are the very words.
That's right.
Do we have a scale here to weigh the flesh?
I have it ready.
Have some surgeon on call nearby, Shylock, to stop Antonio's wound so he doesn't bleed to death.
Is this spelled out in the contract?
It is not said explicitly, but so what?
It would be good for you to do it out of charity.
I can't find it in the contract.
It's not in the contract.
You, merchant, do you have anything to say?
Just a little.
I am ready and well prepared.
Give me your hand, Bassanio.
Farewell.
Antonio, I am married to a wife who is as dear to me as life itself.
But I don't think as highly of life itself, my wife, and all the world as of your life.
I would lose all of it  yes, I would sacrifice everything to this devil standing here  to rescue you.
Your wife wouldn't be too happy to hear that, if she were around to hear you make that offer.
I have a wife, whom I swear I love.
I wish she were dead and in heaven so that she could beg some holy power to come change this beastly Jew's mind.
It's a good thing you're making this wish behind her back.
Such a wish would upset her.
These men are such Christian husbands.
A pound of that merchant's flesh is yours.
The court awards it, and the law gives it to you.
You are a most honest judge!
And you must cut this flesh off of his breast.
The law allows it, and the court awards this to you.
Such a wise judge!
The right sentence!
Hold on a second.
There's something else.
This agreement doesn't give you any drop of blood.
The literal words are "a pound of flesh.  "
So take what is yours, take your pound of flesh, but if in cutting it off you shed one drop of Christian blood, your lands and goods will be confiscated by the state of Venice by the city's laws.
What a just judge!
Listen to her, Jew.
Oh you wise judge!
Is that the law?
You'll see for yourself.
Just as you are bent on absolute justice, rest assured that more justice than you want would be served for you.
What a wise judge!
Look, Jew, a wise judge!
I'll take this offer, then: I'll take three times the money and let this Christian man go.
Here is the money.
Wait!
The Jew will have all his justice.
Wait, don't rush this.
He will have nothing but the penalty he asked for.
Oh, Jew!
This is an upright judge, a wise judge!
So get ready to cut off the flesh.
Don't shed any blood, and don't cut any more or less than exactly one pound of flesh.
This is a second Daniel!
A Daniel, Jew!
Now I've got you, you unbeliever.
Why is the Jew waiting?
Take what's owed to you.
Give me the money and let me go.
I have it ready for you.
Here it is.
He has refused the money in the open court.
He will have only justice and the penalty owed to him.
I'll say it again: he's a Daniel, a second Daniel!
Thank you, Jew, for teaching me that phrase.
Will I not be given back even the original amount I lent?
You will have nothing but the penalty owed to you, which you can take at your own peril, Jew.
Well then, I hope the devil gets him for this!
I won't stay here any longer to argue.
Wait, Jew.
The law has another requirement of you.
It is enacted in the laws of Venice that if a foreigner is proved to have directly or indirectly attempted to kill a citizen, the citizen against whom he plotted will take half of his goods.
I pardon your life even before you ask, Shylock, so that you can see how different my spirit is from yours.
Half of your wealth belongs to Antonio.
The other half goes to the state, and this may be reduced to a simple fine if you show humility.
No, take my life and everything.
Don't pardon me.
If you take the prop that holds up my house, you take my house, too.
By taking the means by which I live, you'd be taking my life.
What mercy can you show him, Antonio?
Give him rope for hanging, at no charge.
He will do this, or else I will take back the pardon that I just pronounced here.
Are you content, Jew?
What do you say to this?
I am content.
Clerk, draw up a will.
Please, give me permission to leave here.
I am not well.
Send the will after me, and I will sign it.
Go, but do sign it.
When you are Christened, you'll have two godfathers.
If it were up to me, you'd have ten more, to make twelve judges to send you to the gallows instead of the baptismal fountain .
Sir, I invite you to come to my home for dinner with me.
I must humbly beg your pardon, your grace.
I must leave tonight for Padua, and I really must be getting on my way now.
I am sorry you don't have more free time to spend here.
Antonio, thank this gentleman, for I think you owe him a lot.
And we stand in your debt, and are always in your loving service.
Satisfaction is the best reward.
And I am satisfied to have rescued you, so I feel rewarded enough.
I didn't help you out of desire for payment.
Please, recognize me when we meet again.
I wish you well, and now I must leave.
Dear sir, I must try to persuade you further.
Take some remembrance of us as a gift, not payment.
Grant me two things, please: don't refuse me, and pardon me for insisting.
You keep urging me and so I will yield.
Give me your gloves.
I'll wear them for your sake.
And as a token of your gratitude I'll take your ring.
Do not pull back your hand.
I won't take anything else, and in your gratitude you shouldn't deny me this ring.
This ring, good sir  oh, it's a trifle.
It would be shameful to give you such a worthless little thing.
I want nothing else, only this.
And now my mind is set on it.
This ring is worth more than its monetary value.
I will find out what is the best ring in all of Venice and give it to you.
But please let me keep this one.
I see you make generous offers.
First you told me to beg for something from you, and now you show me how a beggar is answered.
That's what many men say as an excuse not to give gifts away.
And unless your wife is a crazy person, if she knows what I have done to deserve the ring she won't be mad forever at you for giving it to me.
Anyway, peace be with you.
My lord Bassanio, let him have the ring.
Let my love and the fact that he deserves it outweigh your wife's command.
Go, Gratiano, run and catch up with him.
Give him the ring, and, if you can, bring him to Antonio's house.
Go, hurry.
Go to the Jew's house.
Give him this contract and have him sign it.
We'll leave tonight and be home a day before our husbands return.
Lorenzo will be happy to see this contract.
Fair sir, I'm glad I caught up with you.
After thinking it over, my Lord Bassanio has sent this ring to you and also invites you to dinner.
I will show him.
Sir, may I have a word?
I'm going to see if I can get my husband's ring, which I made him swear never to give to anyone.
I'll bet you can get it.
They'll swear they gave the rings to men, but we'll outsmart them.
Go, hurry.
You know where I'll be waiting for you.
Exit PORTIA PORTIA exits.
Come on, good sir.
Will you show me the way to the house?
The moon is shining bright.
On a night just like this one, when the sweet wind was gently kissing the trees and the branches weren't making any noise, on this kind of a night I think Troilus climbed the Trojan walls and sighed, looking toward the Greek tents where Cressida was sleeping that night.
On this kind of night, Thisbe fearfully looked and saw the shadow of a lion and ran away, frightened.
On a night like this, Dido stood on the shore by the wild sea with a willow branch in her hand, trying to get her lover to come back to Carthage.
On a night like this, Medea gathered the magical herbs that made old Aeson young again.
And on a night like this, Jessica ran away from the wealthy Jew and ran from Venice as far as Belmont with her lover, who squanders money.
On a night like this, young Lorenzo swore he loved Jessica well, and stole her soul with many vows of his faithfulness, but not one vow was true.
On a night like this, pretty Jessica slandered her lover like a little shrew, and he forgave her for it.
Who's there, coming so quickly on this silent night?
A friend.
A friend?
What friend?
Tell me your name, please, friend.
My name is Stephano, and I bring word that my mistress will be here at Belmont before the break of day.
Who comes with her?
Just her maid and a holy hermit.
If I may, has my master returned yet?
No, he hasn't, and we haven't heard from him.
But let's go inside, please, Jessica, and let's prepare a formal welcome for the mistress of the house.
Hey, hey!
Hey there!
Hey, hey!
Who's calling?
Hey!
Have you seen Master Lorenzo?
Master Lorenzo, hey, hey!
Stop shouting, man.
He's right here.
Hey!
Where, where is he?
Here.
Tell him there's a letter from my master for him full of good news.
My master will be here before morning.
Sweetie, let's go inside and wait for their arrival.
Then again, what does it matter?
Why should we go inside?
My friend Stephano, please go into the house and announce that your mistress is on her way.
And bring the musicians here outside.
I am never cheerful when I hear sweet music.
That's because your spirit is busy paying attention to the music.
That light we can see is coming from my hall.
How far that little candle can throw its beams of light!
While the moon was shining, we couldn't see the candle.
That's like how greater glory dims lesser glory.
It's music coming from your house, madam.
Nothing is good, I see now, outside of the proper context.
I think this music sounds much sweeter now than when played during the day.
The silence of the night makes it better, madam.
The crow sings as sweetly as the lark when no one's paying attention to them, and I think that if the nightingale sang during the day while all the geese were cackling, people would think it sounded no better than a wren.
So many things are made perfect and as they should be by good timing!
But quiet.
Look how the moon won't be awakened.
Unless I'm wrong, that's the voice of Portia.
He knows me the same way a blind man knows a cuckoo   from its bad voice.
Dear lady, welcome back home.
We have been praying for our husbands' welfare and we hope our prayers have sped them up.
Have our husbands returned yet?
They haven't yet, madam, but there was just a messenger here who told us that they are coming.
Go inside, Nerissa.
Order my servants not to give any sign of the fact that we have been gone.
And don't you say anything about it, Lorenzo.
Or you, Jessica.
Your husband is coming.
I hear his trumpet.
We aren't tattletales, madam.
Don't worry.
Let me give light, but let me not be light with my morals.
That kind of a light wife makes her husband heavy with worry.
Thank you, madam.
Welcome my friend here.
This is the man, this is Antonio, to whom I owe so much.
But I have been well compensated for that.
Sir, you are very welcome to our house.
I must welcome you in ways other than words, so I will stop speaking such courtesies.
By the moon there I swear you are doing me wrong.
Honestly, I gave it to the judge's clerk.
A lovers' quarrel already?
What's the matter?
It's over a hoop of gold, a little ring she gave me with some writing carved on it, the poetry of a knife maker, saying, "Love me and don't leave me.  "
Why are you talking about the inscription or the value of the ring?
You swore to me when I gave it to you that you would wear it until you died, and that it would lie in your grave with you.
You should have kept it and respected at least me, if not your strong oaths.
You gave it to a judge's clerk!
He will have one, if he lives long enough to grow into a man.
Yes, if a woman can grow into a man.
I swear by my hand that I gave it to a young man, a boy, a little boy no taller than you, the judge's clerk, a talkative boy who begged for it as payment.
My heart couldn't bear denying him the ring.
I have to say, you are to blame for giving up your wife's first gift to you so easily, something stuck on your finger with oaths and riveted onto your flesh with good faith.
I gave my husband a ring and made him swear never to lose it.
And here he stands.
I daresay I'd swear on his behalf that he would not leave it or take it off his finger for all the money in the world.
Now, really, Gratiano, you are giving your wife cause for grief.
If I were in her place, I'd be mad about it, too.
I'd be better off cutting off my left hand and swearing that I lost the ring while trying to defend it.
My lord Bassanio gave his ring away to the judge that begged for it and, indeed, deserved it, too.
And then the boy, the judge's clerk, who went through a lot of trouble writing things, begged for my ring.
Neither the judge nor his clerk would take anything but the two rings.
What ring did you give him, my lord?
I hope not the one you got from me.
Your false heart lacks truth just like your finger lacks the ring.
By heaven, I will never go to bed with you until I see the ring.
And I will never go to bed with you until I see my ring again.
I hope that lawyer never comes near my house!
Since he got the jewel that I loved and that you swore to keep for me, I will become as generous as you.
If he comes around, I won't deny him anything I have.
No, not my body, not even my marriage bed.
I'll know who he is, I'm sure.
You'd better not spend a single night away from home.
And I'll sleep with his clerk.
So be wary of leaving me to my own ways.
Well, go ahead, but don't let me catch him.
If that happens, I'll break the clerk's pen.
All this unhappy quarreling is because of me.
Sir, don't worry.
You are welcome here regardless.
Listen to that!
In both my eyes he sees two images of himself, one in each eye.
If you swear by your double self, then that will be a serious oath!
Listen to me.
Pardon me for this and by my soul I swear I will never break another promise to you.
Then you will vouch for him.
Give him this ring, and tell him to hold onto it better than the last one.
Here, Lord Bassanio.
Swear that you will keep this ring.
By heaven, this is the same ring I gave to the lawyer!
He gave it to me.
Forgive me, Bassanio, because I slept with the lawyer for the ring.
And forgive me, my gentle Gratiano, because I slept with that same young boy, the lawyer's clerk, in return for this ring last night.
This is like fixing highways in the summer when there's nothing wrong with them!
We've been cheated on before we've even deserved it!
Don't speak like that.
You are all shocked.
Here is a letter.
Read it when you can.
It comes from Padua, from Bellario.
In the letter you will learn that Portia was the lawyer and Nerissa was her clerk.
Lorenzo will testify that I left here when you did and just got back now.
I haven't even entered the house yet.
Antonio, you are welcome here.
And I have even better news in store for you than you expect.
I am flabbergasted.
Were you the lawyer and I didn't recognize you?
Were you the clerk that supposedly slept with my wife?
Yes, but the clerk will never sleep with your wife unless he becomes a man.
Sweet lawyer, you will share my bed tonight.
And when I am gone, you sleep alongside my wife.
Sweet lady, you have given me life and a living.
I read here for certain that my ships have safely returned.
How are you now, Lorenzo?
My clerk has something good for you, too.
Yes, and I'll give it to you for free.
Fair ladies, it is as if you are giving blessed bread to starving people.
It is almost morning, and yet I am sure you aren't completely satisfied with the story of these events.
Let's go inside and there you can ask us more questions, and we will answer them all honestly.
Let's do that.
The first question that my Nerissa will have to answer is whether she would rather wait until the next night or just go to bed now, since it's daylight in two hours.
But if the day should come, I would wish it were dark out, so that I could be sleeping with the lawyer's clerk.
Well, as long as I live I'll worry about nothing else as much as about keeping Nerissa's ring safe.
Yes, I do, and my family has done the same thing for the last three hundred years.
All his descendants before him have signed their name that way, and all his ancestors who come after him can do the same thing.
It is an old coat of arms.
The pike is a fresh water fish.
You might, if you get married .
He will definitely mar his coat, if he cuts it up into four pieces.
Not at all.
The council will hear about it.
Ha!
I swear, if I were young again, I'd use a sword to end this dispute.
Mistress Anne Page?
She has brown hair, and a high voice like most women do.
Did her grandfather leave her seven hundred pounds?
Yes, and her father is going to give her a lot more.
I know the young gentlewoman.
Seven hundred pounds and the possibility of getting more money are good qualities.
Well, let's go see good Master Page.
Is Falstaff there?
Will I lie to you?
I hate liars as much as I hate people who say false things, or people who aren't honest.
The knight, Sir John, is there  and I'm asking you, please listen to the people who are trying to help you.
I will knock on Master Page's door.
Hello, there!
God bless your house!
Who's there?
Here's your friend the parson, and Justice Shallow, and here's young Master Slender, who perhaps might discuss something with you, if you like the sound of it.
I'm glad to see you honorable gentlemen are doing well.
Thank you for my venison , Master Shallow.
Master Page, I'm glad to see you, and I hope you enjoyed it!
I wish your venison had tasted better, but the deer wasn't killed very skillfully.
How is Mistress Page doing?
And I thank you from the bottom of my heart!
Sir, I thank you.
Sir, I thank you.
I'm glad to see you, good Master Slender.
How is your light brown greyhound, sir?
I heard that he lost the race at the Cotswold hills.
The race couldn't be decided, sir.
You won't admit he lost, you won't admit it.
No, he won't.
You're in the wrong, you're in the wrong.
He's a low bred dog, sir.
Sir, he's a good dog, and a handsome dog.
What more could you want?
He's good and handsome.
Sir, he's inside, and I wish I could do something helpful to mediate between you.
Spoken like a Christian.
He has mistreated me, Master Page.
Sir, he does sort of admit it.
If he has admitted it, he hasn't made up for it.
Here comes Sir John.
Now, Master Shallow, you're going to complain to the king about me?
Knight, you have beat up my servants, killed my deer, and broken into my gamekeeper's lodge.
But I didn't kiss your gamekeeper's daughter?
Ha, what nonsense!
You'll answer for what you've done.
I'll answer right away: I did do all that.
Now I've answered you.
The court will know about this.
It would be better for you if no one knew about this.
A few good words, Sir John, good words.
Good words!
Good cabbage .
Slender, I hit you on the head.
Well, sir, I do have a complaint in mind about you, and about your cheating scoundrels, Bardolph, Nym, and Pistol.
You thin slice of cheese!
Well, it doesn't matter.
What's this, you devil ?
I said, it doesn't matter.
Slice , I say!
Fewer words, fewer words: slice!
That's my mood.
Where's Simple, my servant?
Do you know, cousin?
Be quiet, please.
Now let's get this straight.
Pistol!
I hear you with my ears.
The devil and his mother!
What kind of language is that, "He hears you with his ears?"
That is so pretentious.
Pistol, did you steal from Master Slender's wallet?
Is this true, Pistol?
No, Pistol isn't a true man, if he's a pick pocket.
Ha, you foreigner from the mountains!
Sir John, my master, I challenge this skinny coward to a duel.
Try to say no to me!
Try to say no, you piece of scum, you lie!
I swear by these gloves, it was him.
What do you have to say to that, you red faced man?
By God, he is a virtuous person.
You see that they deny all these accusations, gentlemen, you see.
No, daughter, carry the wine inside, we'll drink inside.
Oh heaven!
That's Mistress Anne Page.
How are you, Mistress Ford?
Mistress Ford, I declare, it's very good to see you.
Wife, tell these gentlemen that they are welcome here.
Come on, we have a hot meat pie for dinner: come on, gentlemen, I hope we'll forget all this unpleasantness over drinks.
I'd give forty shillings to have my Book of Songs and Sonnets with me.
Hello there, Simple!
Where have you been?
I should be my own servant, is that it?
You don't have the Book of Riddles with you, do you?
Book of Riddles!
Why, didn't you lend it to Alice Shortcake last All Saint's Day , fourteen days before Michaelmas?
Come on, cousin, come on, cousin, we're waiting for you.
No, try to understand what I'm saying.
I do, sir.
But that's not what we're talking about: we're talking about your marriage.
Yes, that's the idea, sir.
Indeed, it is, that's exactly it, to Mistress Anne Page.
Why, if that's it, I'll marry her if the proposal is reasonable.
But can you love the woman?
Tell us that with your own mouth or lips, for many thinkers say that the lips are part of the mouth.
So, to be clear, can you have affection for the young woman?
Cousin Abraham Slender, can you love her?
I hope, sir, that I'll do anything that a reasonable person would do.
No, by God!
You must give a positive answer, about whether you can have love for her.
Yes, you must.
Will you marry her, if her father gives her a good dowry ?
I'll do a bigger thing than that, if you ask me to, uncle, if it's reasonable.
No, try to understand me, understand me, good nephew.
I'm doing this for your own good, nephew.
Yes, I think that's what my cousin meant.
Yes, or hang me!
Here comes pretty Mistress Anne.
Dinner's on the table, and my father would like you good gentlemen to join him.
I'll be there, fair Mistress Anne.
God bless me!
I don't want to miss grace .
Will you come inside, good sir?
No, thank you, really, truly, I'm just fine.
They're waiting for you to start dinner, sir.
I'm not hungry, thanks, truly.
Go, young man, even though you're my servant, I want you to serve my cousin Shallow.
A judge can sometimes owe his friend for letting him borrow his servant.
Please, sir, come in.
I'd rather walk outside, thank you.
I think so, sir.
I love bear baiting , but I'll object to it as soon as any other person in England.
You're scared if you see a bear walking around, aren't you?
Yes, indeed, sir.
That's a perfectly ordinary thing for me.
Come on, good Master Slender, come on.
I won't eat anything, thank you, sir.
I swear, you must, sir!
Come in, come in.
No, please, you go first.
Come on, sir.
Mistress Anne, you should go first.
Not me, sir, please, keep moving.
I'd rather be rude than cause trouble.
You're not being fair to yourself, really!
Well, sir.
No, this is a better idea.
My host of the Garter Inn!
What do you have to say for yourself, you fine fellow?
Speak wisely and like a scholar.
Well, my host, I have to let some of my followers go.
Dismiss them, you handsome Hercules, dismiss them.
I spend ten pounds a week in rent.
You live like an emperor, a Caesar, a kaiser, and a vizier .
Do that, good host.
I've said I'll do it.
Bardolph, follow him.
It's an occupation I've always wanted to have.
Oh, you lowlife beggar!
Will you really serve drinks?
His parents conceived him when they were drunk  isn't that some good irony?
The trick is to be able to steal quickly, at a moment's notice.
Educated people call stealing "conveying.  "
"Steal!  "
Ha!
I don't care for that word at all!
Well, boys, I'm almost bankrupt.
Well, then, we'll have to have sore heels.
I can't do anything about it.
We have to eat somehow.
Does anyone know Ford, who lives in this town?
I know the man.
My good friends, I'll tell you what I'm about.
Six feet , and more.
No jokes now, Pistol!
In fact, my waist is six feet around, but right now I'm not going to overindulge, I'm going to be thrifty.
He's studied her desires and decided that they aren't honest.
That's a difficult plan.
I see this plan taking shape.
Then the sun shone on a pile of manure.
Thanks for that joke.
Oh, she looked over my body with such a greedy look, that her hot desire seemed to burn me up like the sun shining through a piece of glass !
Will I help Sir John arrange affairs with these women and still carry a sword like a soldier?
Then, the devil wins!
Hang on, servant, take these letters and keep them safe.
I hope vultures eat your guts!
I have a plan to get revenge on him.
Will you take revenge?
By the sky and the star, I swear I will!
With a clever plan, or by fighting him?
And I'll tell Ford how Falstaff, that disgusting liar, plans to seduce his wife, steal his gold, and contaminate his bed.
You are the bravest rebel.
Hey there, John Rugby!
Please, go to the window and see if you can see my master , Master Doctor Caius, coming.
If he comes and finds anyone in the house, I'm telling you, you'll hear him getting very angry and speaking very bad English.
I'll go keep a lookout for him.
Yes, since I don't have a better name.
And your master is Master Slender?
Yes, that's true.
No, in fact, he has only a tiny little face, with a little yellow beard, a yellow or reddish beard.
He's a timid person, isn't he?
What was that?
Yes, indeed, he does.
Well, I hope Anne Page doesn't end up with anybody worse!
Oh no, get out!
Here comes my master.
We'll all get in trouble!
Hey there, John Rugby!
John!
Hey, John!
What are you singing?
I don't like these silly songs.
Yes, I do, I'll get it for you.
Fe, fe, fe, fe!
My gosh, it's very hot.
I'm going to court  I have important business there.
Is this the box you wanted, sir?
Yes, put it in my pocket, hurry, quickly.
Where is that rascal Rugby?
Hey there, John Rugby!
John!
Here I am, sir!
Your name is John Rugby, and you are also a brave man.
Come on, get your sword, and follow me to court.
It's ready to go, sir, out here in the hall.
Honestly, I'm lingering here for too long.
Oh my God!
I forgot!
There are some medicines in my closet that I really don't want to leave behind.
Oh no, he'll find the young man in the closet and get really mad!
Oh, you devil, you devil!
Who is in my closet?
Villain!
Thief!
Rugby, get me my sword!
Good master, stay calm.
Why should I stay calm?
The young man is an honest person.
What would an honest person be doing in my closet?
No honest person would come into my closet.
I'm asking you, don't get so dull .
Well.
Yes, really, to ask her to
Be quiet, please.
Stop talking.
Tell me what happened.
I came to ask this good woman, your maid, to recommend my master to Anne Page as a potential husband.
That's all, really!
Sir Hugh sent you here?
Rugby, bring me some paper.
Wait here for a minute.
That's a lot of work for one person to do.
You're telling me that?
You would find it to be a lot of work too: and you have to get up early and go to bed late, but anyway  I'm telling you this as a secret, I don't want you telling other people about this my master is in love with Mistress Anne Page himself.
Oh dear, he was only speaking on behalf of his friend.
Sir, the woman loves you, and everything will turn out fine.
We have to let people say foolish things.
Rugby, come to the court with me.
By God, if I don't get Anne Page, I will fire you.
Follow me, Rugby.
You'll only make a fool out of yourself.
Who's in there?
Hey!
Who's there, I wonder!
Come near the house, please.
How are you, good woman?
How are you doing?
I'm doing better since you asked me how I'm doing, you good gentleman!
What's the news?
How is pretty Mistress Anne doing?
To tell you the truth, sir, she is pretty, and faithful, and has good manners, and she likes you, I can tell you that, by the way.
Do you think I'll make any progress in persuading her to marry me?
Will she reject me?
Yes, in fact, I do  what about it?
Well, I'll see her today.
Will I?
Yes, I will, and I'll tell you more about the wart the next time we meet in private, and also about the other men who want to marry her.
Well, goodbye.
Goodbye, good gentleman.
How can it happen that I didn't get any love letters when I was young and beautiful, but I get them now?
Let me read it.
"Don't ask me why I love you, because even though we use our brains to find reasons for being in love, people in love still don't listen to reason.
Mistress Page!
Believe me, I was just on my way to see you.
And, believe me, I was just on my way to see you.
You look unwell.
No, I don't think so, I have something to prove that I don't.
But really, I think you do look unwell.
Fine, I look unwell then, but I still say that I could prove that I don't.
O Mistress Page, give me some advice!
What's the matter, woman?
Oh woman, if there weren't one small thing worrying me, I could acquire such a high social status!
Forget about the one small thing!
Take the social status.
What is it?
Don't worry about small things, what is it?
If I could just do something truly terrible, just for a minute , I could have the status of a knight.
What?
You're lying!
Sir Alice Ford!
These knights might go around having sexual affairs, but that still doesn't mean you'd change your social status.
Gosh, these are exactly the same, the same handwriting, the same words.
What opinion does he have of us?
"Approach you," you say?
I'll be sure to keep him far away from me.
So will I, if he tries to come near me.
Believe me, I'll agree to do any bad thing to him as long as it doesn't harm our own ethical integrity.
O, if my husband saw this letter!
it would make him jealous forever.
You're luckier than I am.
Well, I hope it isn't true.
Why, sir, my wife isn't young.
He goes after women with high social status and with low social status, both rich women and poor women.
He loves my wife!
He loves her with a strong appetite.
To be called what?
A cuckold.
Goodbye.
I'll be patient, I'll investigate this.
What I said is true.
"How I feel about it," he said!
That's a man who can hardly speak English.
I'm going to go look for Falstaff.
I've never heard anyone speak so slowly and so pretentiously.
I wouldn't believe anything that scoundrel said, not even if the town priest told me he was an honest man.
He was an honest intelligent person.
Hey there, Meg!
What are you up to, George?
How are you doing, sweet Frank!
Why do you look sad?
Me, sad!
I'm not sad.
Go home, get going.
My goodness, you have some strange idea in your head.
Hey, will you come with me, Mistress Page?
I'm coming.
You'll come to dinner, George.
Believe me, I thought of that too.
You're here to see my daughter Anne?
Yes; and, tell me, how is good Mistress Anne doing?
What's going on with you, Master Ford?
You heard what that scoundrel told me, didn't you?
Yes, and you heard what the other man told me?
Do you think they were telling the truth?
Forget about them, those scoundrels!
They used to work for him?
Indeed, they did.
That doesn't make me feel any better.
Is Falstaff staying at the Garter Inn?
Yes, he is.
If he tried to seduce my wife, I would set her loose on him, and if she did anything other than scold him harshly, then I'd take responsibility for it.
I don't mistrust my wife, but I still wouldn't want to let them be alone together.
How are you doing, my host ?
How are you doing, my fine fellow?
You are a gentlemen.
Oh, gallant Justice, I'm calling you!
I'm here, my host.
Tell him about it, gallant Justice.
Sir, there's going to be a fight between Sir Hugh the Welsh priest and Caius the French doctor.
Good host of the Garter, let me talk to you for a minute.
What do you want to talk about, my fine fellow?
Will you go with us to watch the fight?
The host will be the referee, and I think he's told them each a different place to meet  because, believe me, I hear the parson isn't a lightweight in a fight.
Listen, I'll tell you what our trick is going to be.
None, I promise, but I'll give you two quarts of mulled wine if you'll bring me to him and tell him my name is Brook, just for a joke.
We'll come with you, my host.
I heard the Frenchman is good at sword fighting.
That's nothing, sir, I could have told you more than that.
These days, fighters in a duel rely on having distance between them, they use lunges, thrusts, and I don't know what else.
That's the essential part of fighting, Master Page; it's done like this, like this.
Here, boys, here, here!
Shall we go?
Oh, if you want.
I would rather hear them scold each other than have a real fight.
I won't lend you a penny.
Well, then I'll get money from you by force.
Not a penny.
Didn't you get a share?
Didn't I give you fifteen pence for covering for me?
And you had a good reason to do that, you scoundrel, you had a good reason.
Do you think I'd put my soul in danger for nothing?
I give up.
Sir, there's a woman here who wants to talk to you.
Tell her to come in.
Good day to you.
Good day, good wife .
I'm not a wife, if you'll excuse me for saying so.
Well, then, you're a good girl .
I swear I am, I'm just like my mother was when I was born.
I believe you.
What do you want?
Can I have a word with you?
Two thousand words, my good lady, and I'll listen.
There's a woman named Mistress Ford, sir  Please, come a little further this way  I live with master Doctor Caius
Well, go on.
I promise you, no one can hear us.
Are they really?
God bless them and may they serve God!
Well, Mistress Ford, what about her?
Well, sir, she's a good person.
Good lord!
You are a reckless man!
Well, God forgive you and everyone, I pray!
Mistress Ford, come on, what about Mistress Ford
But what's her response to my offer?
Give a short answer, my good female messenger.
Well, she got your letter, and she thanks you a thousand times for it, and she wants me to tell you that her husband will be out of the house between ten and eleven o'clock.
Ten and eleven?
Ten and eleven.
Woman, give her my regards.
Well, that's a nice thing to say.
But I have another message for you.
Bless your heart for that!
But, please, tell me this: have Ford's wife and Page's wife told each other that they love me?
That would really be a good joke!
They don't have such bad manners, I hope.
Well, I will.
This news is bewildering!
What do you think about all this, old Jack?
Sir John, there's a man named Master Brook downstairs who would like to meet you and talk to you, and he's sent you a drink of Spanish wine.
His name is Brook?
Yes, sir.
Call him in.
Anyone who buys me liquor is welcome.
Ah, ha!
Mistress Ford and Mistress Page, have I won you over?
Go, go!
I wish you well, sir!
And you, sir!
You want to talk to me?
I know I'm being forward, to force myself on you without giving you any prior notice.
You're welcome to talk to me.
What do you want?
Leave us alone, servant.
Sir, I'm a man who has spent a lot of money.
Good Master Brook, I'd like to get to know you better.
Money is very good at persuading people.
Sir, I don't know why you would give me money.
I'll tell you, sir, if you'll listen to me.
Sir, I hear you are an educated person I'll come to the point quickly I've known about you for a long time, although I've never had such a good chance as I wanted to meet you.
Okay, then, go on.
There's a gentlewoman in this town.
Go on, sir.
She hasn't promised to satisfy you?
Never.
Have you asked her to?
Never.
What kind of love do you have for her, then?
Why are you telling me all this?
When I answer that question, then I've told you everything.
Some people say that even though she seems chaste to me, she's so flirtatious with other men that some people have strong suspicions about her fidelity.
O, sir!
Believe me, because you know it's true.
Given that you love her so much, would it do you any good if I won the woman that you want for yourself?
I think you're making an absurd request.
Oh, pay attention to my plan.
Master Brook, first, I will freely take your money; then, give me your hand;  and finally, I promise, as a gentleman, that you will get to sleep with Ford's wife if you so desire.
Oh, good sir!
I'm telling you, you will.
You won't be short of money, Sir John, you'll have all the money you want.
You won't be short of Mistress Ford, you'll have her.
I'm very lucky to have met you.
Do you know Ford, sir?
I don't give a damn about him, that poor lowlife cuckold!
I wish you knew Ford, sir, so that if you saw him, you could avoid him.
I don't give a damn about him, that cheap, lower class scoundrel!
What a damned, pleasure seeking scoundrel this man is!
I'm ready to burst with anger.
Who says that I have no reason to be jealous?
My wife asked him to come see her: they picked a time; they made an appointment.
Would any man have thought this would happen?
It's so terrible to have an unfaithful wife!
She will sleep with another man, she will steal my money, she will ruin my reputation, and not only will she do all these terrible things to me, but I'm also being called terrible names by the man who's ruining me.
Names!
Names!
Jack Rugby!
What is it, sir?
What time is it, Jack?
It's past the time that Sir Hugh promised he would meet you, sir.
By God, he'd be more dead than a dead fish when I got through with him.
Take your sword, Jack, I'll tell you how I'll kill him.
Unfortunately, sir, I can't sword fight.
You lowlife, pick up your sword.
Cut it out, people are coming.
God bless you, my jolly doctor!
God bless you, Master Doctor Caius!
Now then, good Master Doctor!
I wish you a good day, sir.
What have you four come for?
By God, he's the most cowardly scoundrel of a priest in the world.
You're a Spanish bottle of urine .
You're a great warrior , my man!
Please, bear witness to the fact that I have waited six or seven, two, three hours for him, and he hasn't come.
Master Shallow, you used to be a great fighter, even though you're a peaceful man now.
By God, Master Page, even though I'm old and peaceful now, if I see someone take out a sword, I have a strong urge to join in the fight.
Even though we are judges and doctors and priests, Master Page, we still have some energy left over from our youth.
That's true, Master Shallow.
You'll see it is true, Master Page.
Master Doctor Caius, I've come to take you home.
Excuse me, Justice.
I'd like to speak to you, Monsieur Mockwater .
Mockwater!
What does that mean?
Mockwater, in the English language, means bravery, my jolly fellow.
By God, then, I have as much mockwater as any Englishman does!
That despicable low bred priest!
By God, I'll cut his ears.
He'll completely clapperclaw you, my jolly fellow.
Clapperclaw!
What does that mean?
It means, he'll make up for everything he's done to you.
By God, I'll make sure he clapperclaws me, because I'll make him, by God.
And I'll get him to do it, or else I'll let him run away.
I thank you for that.
And what's more, my jolly fellow but first, Master Guest, and Master Page, and also Soldier Slender, go through the town to the village of Frogmore .
Is Sir Hugh there?
We'll do it.
Goodbye, good Master Doctor.
By God, I'm going to kill that priest for trying to intervene with Anne Page on behalf on a complete idiot.
And for that, I'll oppose your attempts to win Anne Page.
Does that sound good?
By God, that's great, I like what you're saying.
Let's go, then.
Follow me, Jack Rugby.
Good Master Slender's servant, whose name is Simple, can you please tell me where have you been looking for Master Caius, who calls himself a medical doctor?
I'd really like you to look near the town, too.
I will, sir.
Bless my soul, I'm so upset and agitated!
I'll be glad if he has lied to me.
I feel so dejected!
I'll smack him on his dishonest head with his urine collecting bottles when I get a chance.
Bless my soul!
Let us go to shallow rivers Where sweetly singing birds sing songs to the waterfalls; There we'll make beds out of roses And a thousand sweet smelling flowers.
Let us go   God have mercy on me!
I feel like I'm going to cry.
Sweetly singing birds sing songs  As when I sat in Babylon  And a thousand scattered flowers.
Let us go.
Look, he's coming this way, Sir Hugh.
He's welcome.
He's not bringing any weapons, sir.
Here comes my master, Master Shallow, and another gentleman, from Frogmore, over the fence, this way.
Please, give me my coat; or else hold on to it.
How are you doing, Master Parson!
Good morning, good Sir Hugh.
If you keep a gambler away from gambling, and a good student away from studying, you can get some surprising results.
Oh, sweet Anne Page!
God bless you, good Sir Hugh!
God bless you in his mercy, all of you!
What, fighting and religion!
Do you practice both of them, Master Parson?
I have a good reason for that.
We've come to do something helpful for you, Master Parson.
Very well, what is it?
Over there is a very honorable gentleman who was probably treated badly by someone, and so he's not behaving in his usual dignified and calm way.
I'm more than eighty years old, and I never heard of someone with his job, dignity, and education, caring so little about his own reputation.
Who is he?
I think you know him: Master Doctor Caius, the famous French doctor.
My God!
I would rather you had told me where I could find some thick soup.
Why?
He doesn't know anything about medicine , and he is also a scoundrel, the most cowardly scoundrel you could ever meet.
I'm telling you, he would fight him.
Oh sweet Anne Page!
It seems like it, judging by his weapons.
Keep them apart, here comes Doctor Caius.
No, good Master Parson, don't draw your sword.
And don't draw your sword either, good Master Doctor.
Take away their weapons and let them talk to each other.
Please, let me have a private word with you.
Why didn't you meet me?
Please, be calm.
By God, you are a coward, a dog, an ape!
You devil!
Jack Rugby  my host of the Garter Inn  didn't I wait for him to kill him?
Wasn't I waiting at the place I said I would?
As sure as I'm a Christian, I'm telling you, this was the place we were supposed to meet.
Yes, that's good, excellent.
Be quiet, I said!
Listen to me, the Host of the Garter Inn.
Am I devious?
Am I crafty?
Am I a treacherous schemer ?
Do I want to lose my doctor?
No, he gives me medicines and helps my digestion.
Do I want to lose my parson, my priest, my Sir Hugh?
No, he gives me verses from the Bible and directions about what I shouldn't do.
Give me your hand, man who cures bodies; like this.
Give me your hand, man who cures souls; like this.
Believe me, he's a jubilant man!
Follow, gentlemen, follow.
O sweet Anne Page!
Ha, do I understand what's going on?
Have you made fools out of us, ha, ha?
This is just great.
By God, with all my heart.
Well, I'll smack his head.
Please, follow me.
No, go your own way, my fine young man, You're used to being a servant, but now you're in charge.
Would you prefer to direct me, or to follow your master?
I would rather direct you like a grown man than follow Falstaff like a young boy.
It's nice to see you, Mistress Page.
Where are you going?
Actually, to see your wife.
Is she at home?
Yes, and she's as bored and lonely as can be, because she doesn't have any company.
If your husbands were dead, I think the two of you would get married.
Yes, we would  we'd marry two other men.
Where did you find this handsome young servant?
I don't remember who my husband hired him from.
What did you say your boss's name was, young man?
Sir John Falstaff.
Sir John Falstaff!
Ha, ha, I can never remember his name.
He's such good friends with my husband!
Is your wife really at home?
Yes, she is.
I'll go see her with your permission.
Does Page have a brain?
Can he see anything?
Is he thinking?
I'm sure he's not using his brain or his eyes.
Why, this boy will carry letters between them as easily as a cannon can shoot straight for two hundred forty yards.
It's nice to see you, Master Ford.
I'm afraid I can't come, Master Ford.
We have delayed in arranging a marriage between Anne Page and my cousin Slender, and we'll settle it today.
I hope you support me marrying her, father Page.
What do you think about young Master Fenton?
I won't agree to it, I promise you.
Go home, John Rugby.
I think I'll make things rough for Falstaff first.
I'll get him.
We're coming to see this spectacle.
Hey there, John!
Hey there, Robert!
Quickly, quickly!
Is the laundry basket
I'm sure it is.
Hey there, Robert, I'm calling you!
Come, come, come.
Here, put it down.
Tell the servants what they're supposed to do.
You'll do that?
I've told them over and over, they know what to do.
Get going, and come when you're called.
Here comes young Robin.
Hello to our lookout !
What's the news?
My master, Sir John, is at your back door, Mistress Ford, and he wants to see you.
You little puppet, have you been loyal to us?
Yes, I promise.
My master doesn't know that you're here and he threatened to put me out of work forever if I tell you that he's visiting here, because he swears he'll fire me.
Do that.
Go tell your master that I'm alone.
Mistress Page, remember when you're supposed to come in.
Do I finally have you, my divine beauty?
Oh, sweet Sir John!
Mistress Ford, I can't lie, I can't talk idly, Mistress Ford.
Your lady, Sir John!
Oh dear, I would be a pathetic lady.
I bet there wouldn't be another lady in the whole court of France like you.
Believe me, I don't have any qualities like that.
What made me love you?
My love should convince you that you have some extraordinary qualities.
Come on, I can't lie and say you are this and that, like so many of these tongue  tied perfumed young men that look like women in men's clothing, and smell like the flower shops of London in the summer .
Don't lie to me, sir.
I'm afraid that you love Mistress Page.
You might as well say that I love walking by the gate of the debtors' prison , which smells as terrible as the smoke from a lime furnace.
Well, God knows how much I love you, and one day you'll find out.
Remember that.
No, I tell you, you do deserve it, or else I couldn't feel the way I do.
Mistress Ford, Mistress Ford!
Mistress Page is at the door, sweating and puffing and looking alarmed, and she wants to speak with you right away.
Please, do that.
What's the matter?
What's going on?
Oh, Mistress Ford, what have you done?
You're disgraced, you're defeated, you're ruined forever!
What's the matter, good Mistress Page?
It's awful, Mistress Ford!
That you have an honest man for a husband and give him reason to distrust you!
What reason to distrust me?
What reason to distrust you?
Shame on you!
I was so wrong about you!
Why, oh dear, what's the matter?
Your husband's coming here, woman, with all the officers in Windsor, to look for a man that he says you let into the house so you could take advantage of your husband's absence.
I hope that isn't true.
I hope it isn't true that you do actually have a man here!
But it's definitely true that your husband is coming to look for a man here, and he has half the town following him.
I came ahead to warn you.
If you know that you're innocent, well, that's good, but if you have a lover here, get him out, get him out.
What will I do?
Shame on you!
He's too big to fit in there.
What will I do?
Let me see it, let me see it, O, let me see it!
I'll get in, I'll get in.
Take your friend's advice.
I'll get in.
What, Sir John Falstaff?
Did you send me those love letters, knight?
I love you.
Help me get away.
Let me get in the basket.
Help to cover up your master, boy.
Call your servants, Mistress Ford.
You lying knight!
Hey, John!
Robert!
John!
Take these clothes out of here quickly.
Where's the basket pole?
Look how you're dawdling!
Carry these clothes to the launderers in Datchet mead, quickly, go.
To the launderers.
Why, what do you care where they're taking it?
Yes, I bet you're really concerned about the buck washing!
Buck !
I wish I could wash away the suspicion that I am a buck!
Buck, buck, buck!
Yes, buck, I bet, buck, and I bet there are bucks present right now, as you'll see.
Gentleman, I had a dream last night.
So, get him out of his hiding place now.
Good Master Ford, restrain yourself.
True, Master Page.
He's full of wild fantasies and jealousy.
By God, this isn't how things are done in France.
No, follow him, gentlemen.
Hasn't our plot gotten two excellent results?
I don't know what makes me happier, tricking my husband or tricking Sir John.
He was in such a panic when your husband asked who was in the basket!
I'm half afraid he might need a wash , so throwing him into the water will do him some good.
To hell with him, dishonest scoundrel!
I wish all men like him had the same trick played on them.
I think my husband had some particular reason for suspecting that Falstaff was here, because I've never seen him get so wildly jealous before.
Did you hear that?
You treat me well, Master Ford, do you?
Yes, I do.
Yes!
You're tormenting yourself needlessly, Master Ford.
Yes, yes, I have to deal with it.
If there's anyone in the house, or the rooms, or the strong boxes , or the cupboards, God forgive my sins on Judgment Day!
By God, I don't think there is.
Come, come, Master Ford!
Aren't you ashamed?
What impulse, what devil created this fantasy in your mind?
I wouldn't have your deranged temper for all the money in Windsor Castle.
It's my own fault, Master Page.
By God, I see she's an honest woman.
Well, I promised to give you dinner.
Let's go inside, gentlemen.
Whatever you want.
If one person's going, I'll go too.
If one or two people are going, I'll be the third.
Please, let's go, Master Page.
Please, remember our plan tomorrow to deal with that lousy scoundrel, the host of the Garter Inn.
That's a good idea, by God, with all my heart!
That lousy scoundrel, to turn us into jokes and mock us!
I see that I can't get your father to approve of me, so don't ask me to speak with him again, sweet Nan.
Oh dear, what will we do then?
Well, you have to make your own choice.
Maybe what he says is true.
No, I swear by my future salvation in heaven!
Interrupt their conversation, Mistress Quickly.
I'll speak to her one way or another.
Don't be discouraged.
Hey there, Master Slender would like to speak with you.
I'm coming.
This is the man my father wants me to marry.
Even someone full of repulsive flaws can seem attractive if he has an income of three hundred pounds a year!
And how are you, good Master Fenton?
Please, let me speak to you for a moment.
She's coming.
Go up to her, nephew.
I had a father, Mistress Anne, my uncle can tell you funny stories about him.
Please, uncle, tell Mistress Anne that funny story about how my father stole two geese from a pen, good uncle.
Mistress Anne, my nephew loves you.
Yes, I do, as much as I love any woman in Gloucestershire.
He will support you financially as if you were a gentlewoman.
Yes, I will, no matter what, as if I had the rank of a squire.
He will agree to leave you one hundred and fifty pounds after he dies.
Good Master Shallow, let him speak for himself.
Well now, I thank for that, I thank you for those comforting words.
She wants to speak to you, nephew.
Now, Master Slender
Now, good Mistress Anne
What is your will?
My will!
By God, that's a funny thing to say!
I mean, what do you want with me, Master Slender?
Honestly, speaking for myself, I don't want anything from you.
Your father and my uncle have come up with a plan for us to marry.
Now, Master Slender  love him, daughter Anne.
Why, what's going on here?
What's Master Fenton doing here?
Now, Master Page, don't get upset.
Good Master Fenton, don't come here to see my daughter.
She's not going to marry you.
Sir, will you listen to me?
No, good Master Fenton.
Come in, son in law Slender, come in.
Since you know my decision, your behavior is inappropriate, Master Fenton.
Speak to Mistress Page.
Good mother, don't let me marry that fool over there.
I don't want you to.
That's my master, Master Doctor Caius.
Oh no, I'd rather be half buried in the earth and have people kill me by bowling at my head with turnips!
Come on, don't get upset.
Good bye, good lady.
Thank you, and please, at some point tonight, give my sweet Nan this ring.
I hope God blesses you!
Bardolph, I say
I'm here, sir.
Go get me a quart of wine, and put a piece of hot toast in it.
Is it possible that I could be carried in a basket like a wheelbarrow of animal entrails from the butcher, and be thrown into the Thames?
Well, if anyone tries to play another trick like that on me again, I'll take out my foolish brains and butter them and give them to the dog as a New Year's present.
Mistress Quickly is here, sir, to speak with you.
Let me swallow some wine along with all the river water I swallowed, because my stomach is as cold as if I had swallowed snowballs to cool my kidneys off.
Tell her to come in.
Come in, woman!
With your permission, please pardon me.
Take away these small glasses.
Go prepare me a half gallon of wine so it will taste good.
With eggs in it, sir?
No, just pure wine.
What's the news?
Please, sir, I came here from Mistress Ford.
Mistress Ford!
It's a shame!
I misunderstood mine too, believing in a foolish woman's promise.
Well, sir, she's so sorry about it that it would break your heart if you saw her.
I'll tell her.
Do that.
Between nine and ten, you said?
Between eight and nine, sir.
Well, get going.
I wish you a good day, sir.
God bless you, sir!
Now, Master Brook, do you know what happened with me and Ford's wife?
And did you succeed, sir?
Things went very badly, Master Brook.
Why's that, sir?
Did she change her mind?
What do you mean, while you were there?
While I was there.
And he looked for you and he couldn't find you?
I'll tell you about it.
A laundry basket!
By God, a laundry basket!
And how long did you lie in the basket?
No, I'll tell you, Master Brook, what I suffered so that I could corrupt this woman and help you out.
In all seriousness, I'm sorry that you suffered all this for my sake.
My goal of sleeping with Mistress Ford looks like it will very difficult to accomplish.
Master Brook, I would rather be thrown into a volcano like I was thrown into the river, than leave things in this state.
It's after eight already, sir.
Is it?
I'll go to my appointment then.
Come see me when it's convenient for you, and you'll hear how things went; and in the end you'll get to enjoy her.
Good bye.
You'll have her, Master Brook, you'll make Ford a cuckold.
Hm!
Ha!
Is this just my imagination?
Am I dreaming?
Am I asleep!
Master Ford, wake up!
Wake up, Master Ford!
Your reputation is ruined, Master Ford.
This is what it's like to be married!
This is what you get for having clothes and laundry baskets!
Do you think he's already at Master Ford's?
Hello there, Sir Hugh!
There's no school today?
No, Master Slender's given permission for the boys to play.
Bless his heart!
Sir Hugh, my husband says our son William isn't getting any better at reading.
Please, ask him some questions about his Latin grammar.
Come here, William.
Come on, young man, stand up straight.
William, how many kinds of nouns are there?
Two.
Really, I thought there were three, because the expression is, "Od's nouns.  "
Stop your chattering!
What is "beautiful," William?
Pulcher.
Polecats !
I'm sure there are things more beautiful than polecats!
You're a very ignorant woman.
I ask you to be quiet.
A stone.
And what is "a stone," William?
A pebble.
Lapis.
That's a good boy, William.
From what part of speech do we get articles?
We get articles from the pronoun, and they are declined like this: Singulariter, nominativo, hic, haec, hoc.
Nominavito, hig, hag, hog.
Please, pay attention.
Accusativo, hinc.
Please, remember your lessons, child, the accusative is hung, hang, hog.
I bet that "hang hog" is Latin for bacon.
Stop chattering, woman.
What's the focative case, William?
O   vocativo, O.
Remember, William, focative is caret.
A carrot is a good root.
Woman, cut it out.
Be quiet!
What is the genitive case plural, William?
Genitive case!
That's the one.
Genitive  horum, harum, horum.
Jenny's case is disgraceful!
Shame on her!
Don't talk about her, child, if she's a whore.
Shame on you, woman.
Woman, are you crazy?
Don't you understand the cases, singular and plural, and genders ?
You're the most foolish creature I have ever seen.
I'm telling you, be quiet.
Tell me now, William, how to decline pronouns.
Actually, I've forgotten.
He's a better scholar than I thought he was.
He has a good active memory.
Goodbye, Mistress Page.
Goodbye, good Sir Hugh.
Go along home, boy.
Come on, we've been hanging around too long.
Mistress Ford, your sorrow has made the memory of my sufferings disappear.
He's hunting birds, sweet Sir John.
Hey there, my friend Ford!
Hey there!
Go into the room, Sir John.
Hello there, my dear!
Who's at home besides you?
Why, no one but my servants.
Really!
Yes, really.
Speak louder.
Really, I'm glad you have no one else here.
Why?
Why, does he talk about him?
How close is he, Mistress Page?
Very close, he's at the end of the street.
I'm ruined!
The knight is here.
Why, then, you're completely ruined, and the knight is a dead man.
What kind of woman are you!
Get him out of here, get him out of here!
How can I get him out of here?
How can I get rid of him?
Should I put him into the basket again?
No, I'm not getting into the basket again.
Can't I leave before he gets here?
Unfortunately, three of Master Ford's brothers are guarding the door with pistols, so that no one can leave, otherwise you could have snuck out before he got here.
But what are you doing here?
What will I do?
I'll sneak up the chimney.
They always shoot their hunting guns up the chimney to clear them out.
Sneak into the entrance to the oven.
Where is it?
He'll look there, I'm telling you.
I'll leave then.
If you go out looking like yourself, you'll be killed, Sir John.
Unless you leave in disguise
How can we disguise him?
Oh dear, I don't know!
We don't have a woman's dress big enough for him, otherwise he could put on a hat, and a scarf over his face, and a kerchief, and escape in disguise.
Dear ladies, think of something.
My maid's aunt, the fat woman who lives in Brentford, has a dress upstairs.
Quick, quick!
We'll come dress you right away.
I hope that the knight encounters your husband's cudgel , and I hope that your husband uses it forcefully!
But is my husband coming?
First I'll tell my men what to do with the basket.
Go up, I'll bring linen for him right away.
To hell with him, that dishonest scoundrel!
We can't abuse him too much.
Come on, come on, pick it up.
I hope it doesn't have a knight in it this time.
Why, this goes beyond all the limits of acceptable behavior, Master Ford.
Why, this is crazy!
He's as mad as a mad dog!
Really, Master Ford, this isn't acceptable, it really isn't.
I agree, sir, it's not.
I swear to God that you are, if you suspect that I'm unfaithful.
Well said, you brazen women, you stick to your story!
Come out, sir!
This goes beyond all limits of good behavior!
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Leave the clothes alone.
I'll find you soon.
This is unreasonable!
Will you go through your wife's clothes?
Cut it out.
I demand you empty the basket!
Why, man, why?
Master Page, as sure as I'm a man, I'm sure that someone was carried out of my house yesterday in this basket.
Anyone hiding in there must be really tiny.
There's no one in here.
By my faith, this isn't acceptable, Master Ford.
Master Ford, you should pray and ignore the fantasies in your brain.
Well, the person I'm looking for isn't here.
No, and he's not anywhere else except in your brain.
Help me search the house one more time.
Hey there, Mistress Page!
You and the old woman should come downstairs, my husband is coming into the bedroom.
Old woman!
Who is that old woman?
It's my maid's aunt from Brentford.
A witch, a hussy , an old cheating hussy!
Haven't I forbid her to come into my house?
She comes on an errand, does she?
We're just foolish men, we don't know what women get up to when they pretend to be telling fortunes.
She uses charms, spells, voodoo dolls, and other tricks that we can't understand and don't know anything about.
Come downstairs, you witch, you hag, you.
No, good, sweet husband!
Good gentlemen, don't let him hit the old woman.
Come on, Mother Prat.
I'll prat her.
Get out the door, you witch, you hag, you old bag, you hussy, you lying old woman!
Out, out!
I'll cast spells on you, I'll tell your fortune.
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
I think you have killed the old woman.
No, he's going to kill her.
Well, this certainly makes you look good!
To hell with this witch!
Will you come with me, gentlemen?
Let's humor him a little longer.
Good lord, it was pitiful how much he beat him up.
I'll take his stick , hallow it out, and hang it over the altar .
What do you think?
Since we are women and we have a clear conscience, is it permissible for us to take any more revenge on him?
Should we tell our husbands about the tricks we played on him?
Yes, by all means  at the very least, to get rid of your husband's jealous suspicions.
If they want to torment the poor badly behaved fat knight any more, we'll still help them do it.
I bet they'll want him humiliated in public, and I think there wouldn't be a fitting conclusion to this plot unless he were publicly humiliated.
Come on, let's put our minds to it then, let's come up with an idea.
Who is this duke who's coming so secretly?
I didn't hear anything about him at court.
Let me speak with the gentlemen.
Yes, sir.
This is one of the cleverest plots that I've ever known a woman to come up with.
And he sent you both those letters at the same time?
Within fifteen minutes of each other.
Forgive me, wife.
There's no better plan than the one they described to us.
What?
Tell him him they'll meet him in the park at midnight?
No, no!
He'll never come.
I agree.
Just figure out what you'll do to him when he comes, and let the two of us figure out how to get him there.
Why, there are still plenty of people who are afraid to walk by Herne's oak late at night.
Well, this is our plan  that Falstaff will meet us at the oak.
And until he tells the truth, the so called fairies should pinch him hard and burn him with their candles.
The children should practice this, or they'll never get it right.
I'll teach the children what to do, and I'll dress up like a mischievous monkey, so I can burn the knight with my candle.
That's an excellent idea.
I'll go and buy them masks.
My Anne will be the queen of the fairies, finely dressed in a white gown.
I'll go buy the silk for that.
And while all this is going on, Master Slender will sneak away with my Nan and marry her at Eton .
Go send a message to Falstaff right away.
Don't worry about that.
Go get us the props and costumes for our fairies.
Go, Mistress Ford, send a message to Sir John to find out what he's thinking.
What do you want, you buffoon?
What is it, you stupid man?
Speak, breathe, talk.
Well, sir, I have a message for Sir John Falstaff from Master Slender.
Ha!
A fat woman!
The knight might get robbed.
I'll call him.
My fine knight!
My bold Sir John!
Speak with your soldier's lungs: are you there?
How are you, my host?
There's a vagabond gypsy here waiting for the fat woman to come downstairs.
Let her come down, my fine fellow, let her come down.
There was an old fat woman with me just now, my host, but she's gone.
Please, sir, was it the wise woman of Brentford?
Yes, in fact, it was, you empty headed young man.
My master, sir, Master Slender, saw her going through the streets and he wanted to ask her whether a man named Nym, who stole a chain from him, has the chain or not.
I talked to the old woman about that.
And what did she say, sir?
Well, she says the same man that stole Master Slender's chain also cheated him out of it.
Like what?
Tell me.
Yes, come on, quickly.
I'm not allowed to conceal them, sir.
Conceal them, or die.
Yes, yes, he will.
He will what, sir?
He will either marry her or not.
Go, tell him the woman told me so.
May I be so bold as to tell him that, sir?
Yes, sir.
You are wise, you are wise, Sir John.
Was there a witch with you?
Oh no, sir!
Cheating, flat out cheating!
Where are my horses?
Tell me some good news about them, you scoundrel.
Where is the host?
What's the matter, sir?
Where is the host of the Garter?
Here, Master Doctor, confused and in a messy situation.
Raise the alarm, scoundrel, go!
Help me, knight, I'm ruined!
Run, run, raise the alarm, scoundrel!
I'm ruined!
Exeunt Host and BARDOLPH The HOST and BARDOLPH exit.
I wish everyone would be tricked, since I've been tricked and beaten up also.
Now, where did you come from?
From the two women, in fact.
Let them both go to hell!
And then they'll both get what they deserve.
I've suffered more because of them than a man's unstable nature is able to put up with.
And haven't they suffered too?
Why are you talking to me about black and blue?
Come up to my room.
Master Fenton, don't talk to me, I'm feeling very low.
Just listen to me.
Help me carry out my plan, and I promise, on my word as a gentleman, that I'll give you a hundred pounds more than you lost, in gold.
Who is she intending to trick, her father or her mother?
I will be in your debt forever  and I will also give you a reward immediately.
Please, no more chattering, go.
I'll keep the appointment.
This is the third time I hope the third try will turn out to be the lucky one.
Get going.
They say there's magical power in odd numbers when it comes to birth, luck, or death.
Get going!
I'll get you a chain , and I'll see what I can do to get you a pair of horns.
Get going, I say, it's getting late.
Hello there, Master Brook!
Master Brook, things will come to a conclusion tonight, or else they never will.
Be in the Park around midnight, at Herne's oak, and you'll see things that will astonish you.
Didn't you go see her yesterday, sir, like you told me you had planned?
It's a dark night, a fitting night for candles and fairies.
May God give us good luck carrying out our plot!
No one intends to do anything evil except the devil, and we'll recognize him by his horns .
Let's go, follow me.
I know what I need to do.
Good bye.
Good luck, sir.
Where is Nan right now and her group of fairies, and the Sir Hugh, the Welsh devil?
Falstaff will be surprised.
If he's not surprised, he'll be made fun of  and if he is surprised, he'll be made fun of even more .
We'll betray him skillfully.
When it comes to lustful men like him, people who betray them don't do anything wrong.
It's almost time.
Let's go to the oak!
The Windsor bell has tolled midnight; it's almost time.
Now, may the lustful gods help me!
Remember, Jove , how you turned yourself into a bull to pursue Europa; you acquired horns because of love.
Oh, powerful love!
In some ways, it makes a beast into a man, and in some ways, it makes a man into a beast.
Jove, you also turned yourself into a swan because you loved Leda.
Oh, all powerful Love!
How close Jove came to looking like a goose !
He first committed the fault when he had transformed himself into a beast.
Oh Jove, what a beastly fault!
And then he committed the same fault again when he had transformed himself into a fowl: think about it, Jove, a foul fault!
If the gods themselves are full of sexual desire, what can poor humans do?
Sir John!
Are you there, my deer ?
My male deer?
My doe with the short black tail!
Let the sky rain potatoes , let it thunder so it sounds like the song "Green Sleeves," let it hail sweetmeats and snow candied roots , let there be storms of sexual arousal, I'll take shelter  here.
Mistress Page is here with me, sweetheart.
Oh no, what was that noise?
Heaven forgive us for what we've done wrong.
What could this be?
Let's go, let's go!
I think the devil won't let me damn myself by sinning, in case the fat on my body caused hell to catch fire .
Fairies, dressed in black, grey, green, and white, you moonlight dancers and spirits of night, you orphans controlled by destiny, attend to your tasks and your jobs.
Crier Hobgoblin, sound the call of the fairies.
Elves, listen for your names.
Where's Bede?
Please, take hands, line up in order, and we'll use twenty glow worms for our lanterns to guide our dances around the tree.
But wait, I smell a mortal man.
God protect me from that Welsh fairy so he doesn't turn me into a piece of cheese!
You disgusting worm, you were destined for evil things since you were born.
Test him, come on.
Let's see, will his finger catch fire?
Oh, oh, oh!
He's corrupt, corrupt, and he has sinful desires!
Now, sir, who's a cuckold now?
Sir John, we've had bad luck.
I begin to see that you've made an ass out of me.
Yes, and an ox too: we can see proof of both of those things.
And these aren't fairies?
Sir John Falstaff, serve God and abandon your sexual desires, and then the fairies won't pinch you.
Well said, fairy Hugh.
And I ask you to stop being jealous.
I will never doubt my wife again until you're able to woo her in correct English.
Have I ruined my brain so that I can't even thwart plots as overblown as this one?
Have I been fooled by a Welsh goat?
Will I wear a woolen fool's cap ?
I ought to choke on a piece of toasted cheese.
This isn't the way to be better.
"This" and "butter!  "
To think that I should live to be mocked by someone who speaks such terrible English!
This is enough to put an end to all lust and late night sexual encounters throughout the country.
Why Sir John, even if we were willing to completely ruin our virtue and damn ourselves without a second thought, did you think that even the devil could have made us choose you as our lover?
What, a giant sausage?
A bag of flax?
A fat, vain man?
Old, cold, wrinkled, and with gross guts?
And who lies like the devil?
And who is as poor as Job?
And who is as wicked as his wife?
And who enjoys illicit sex, and taverns, and wine, and drinking and swearing and glaring, and raving and fighting, and petty fights and chattering ?
Hello there!
Hey, father Page!
Son, how are you?
How are you, son?
Have you settled everything?
Settled!
I'll let the highest ranking person in Gloucester know about it.
Know about what, son?
I went over to Eton to marry Mistress Anne Page, and she turned out to be a big clumsy boy.
If we hadn't been in the church, I would have hit him, or he would have hit me.
I swear on my life, then, you took the wrong person.
Do you really need to tell me that?
I think I did take the wrong person when I mistook a boy for a girl.
Why, this is because of your own foolishness.
Didn't I tell you how to recognize my daughter by her clothes?
I went up to the person in white, and said "mum," and she said "budget," just like Anne and I had arranged to do.
Where is Mistress Page?
Why, didn't you take the person wearing green?
Yes, by God, and it was a boy.
This is strange.
Who got the right Anne?
I'm worried.
Hello there, Master Fenton!
Forgive me, good father!
My good mother, forgive me!
Now, young lady, how did it happen that you didn't go with Master Slender?
Why didn't you go with Master Doctor, young lady?
You're confusing her.
You were trying to single me out to make fun of me, and I'm glad that you can't do that now.
Well, what can we do?
Fenton, may God give you joy!
If we can't avoid something, we must embrace it.
When people go out hunting at night, you can't control what happens.
Well, I won't complain any further.
Master Fenton, may God give you many, many happy days!
Good husband, let's all go home and laugh about these jokes around a big fire, Sir John and everyone.
Let's do that.
Sir John, you'll end up keeping the promise that you made to Master Brook, because tonight he will, in fact, sleep with Mistress Ford.
I'll get you back, I promise.
I'll have you put in the stocks, you villain!
The Slys aren't villains, you whore.
Look it up we came over with Richard the Conqueror .
So hold your tongue, and forget about it.
Enough!
You won't pay for the glasses you've broken?
No, not a penny.
Forget about it, Saint Jeronimy .
Run off to bed now and play with yourself.
I know what to do.
I'll go call the constable.
Call every last one, I'll answer them all.
I have my rights.
I won't budge an inch.
Huntsman, take care of my hounds.
Why, Belman is just as good, my lord.
You're a fool.
If Echo were as fast, he'd be worth a dozen Belmans.
But feed them all well and look after them.
I intend to go hunting again tomorrow.
I will, my lord.
What's this here?
Is he dead or drunk?
Check and see if he's breathing.
He's breathing, my lord.
But he couldn't be sleeping so deeply in such a cold place if beer wasn't keeping him warm.
Oh, what a monstrous beast, lying there like a pig!
Grim death, how foul and hateful your twin sleep is!
Gentlemen, I will play a trick on this drunken man.
What do you think: if he were carried to bed, dressed in fresh clothes, had rings put on his fingers, a delicious feast laid out by his bed, and had finely dressed servants near him when he woke up wouldn't the beggar be confused then?
I don't think he'd have any choice, my lord, believe me.
Everything would seem strange to him when he woke up.
Like a nice dream or an empty fantasy.
So take him inside and start setting up the prank.
Carry him gently to my finest room, and hang all my erotic paintings on the walls.
Bathe his filthy head with warm, clean water, and burn fragrant wood to make the room smell sweet.
Find some musicians to be ready for when he wakes, so they can make sweet and heavenly sounds for him.
Carry him gently off to bed, and have everyone in position for when he wakes up.
It's a troupe of actors, your Honor, offering to perform for your Lordship.
Tell them to come in.
We thank your Honor.
Do you intend to sleep here tonight?
If it would please your Lordship to have us.
With all my heart.
I remember this fellow here he once played the part of a farmer's eldest son.
That was the play in which you courted the gentlewoman so successfully.
I've forgotten your name, but you were well suited for that role, and played it realistically.
I think your Honor means the character "Soto.  "
Yes, that's right.
You played it excellently.
Well, you've come at just the right time, especially because I have some special entertainment planned and could use your acting skills.
There is a lord who will watch you perform tonight, but I'm worried about your self control for his Honor has never seen a play before and I fear that you might notice his odd behavior and burst out laughing, and offend him.
I tell you, sirs, if you even smile, he will notice.
Go, fellow, take them to the pantry and make them all welcome.
See that they have whatever they need.
For God's sake, someone bring me a mug of cheap beer.
Would your Lordship like to drink a cup of Spanish wine ?
Would your Honor like to try this dried fruit?
What outfit will your Honor wear today?
I am Christopher Sly.
Don't call me your "Honor" or your "Lordship.  "
I've never drunk Spanish wine in my life.
And if you give me anything "preserved," give me some salted beef.
May God end this foolish fantasy in your Honor's mind!
Alas, that a mighty man of such noble birth, with so much wealth and such a good reputation, should be infected with such a terrible illness!
What, are you trying to make me go crazy?
Aren't I Christopher Sly, son of old Sly from Barton on the Heath, a peddler by birth, trained to be a cardmaker , who then became a bear keeper, and now a pot mender?
Ask Marian
Oh, it's this that makes your wife mourn!
Oh, it's this that makes your servants hang their heads in sorrow!
And this is why your relatives avoid your house, as if beaten away by your strange insanity.
Oh noble lord, remember your lineage, call back the thoughts of your former state of mind, and banish these worthless, lowly fantasies.
Look how your servants attend to you, each one ready to obey your every request.
Do you want music?
Listen!
Apollo, god of music, plays for you.
Say you want to hunt rabbits.
Your greyhounds are as swift as healthy stags, yes, and quicker than young deer.
Do you like pictures?
You are a lord, and nothing less than a lord.
You have a wife who is far more beautiful than any other woman in this declining age.
Am I a lord?
Do I have such a lady?
Or am I dreaming?
Would your greatness like to wash your hands?
Oh, how overjoyed we are to see your sanity restored!
Oh, if only you could better remember who you are!
Fifteen years!
By God, that's quite a nap.
But did I not speak that entire time?
Oh yes, my lord, but only complete nonsense.
Even though you were lying here in this nice room, you would talk as if you'd been thrown out of a tavern, and you'd curse at the tavern's hostess, and swear you would take her to court for cheating you out of liquor.
Sometimes you would call out for Cicely Hacket.
Yes, the hostess's maid.
But sir, you don't know any such house or any such maid, or any of the men you dreamed up, like Stephen Sly and Old John Naps of Greet, and Peter Turph and Henry Pimpernell, and twenty more names like this men who never existed.
Thank the Lord for my recovery!
Amen.
Thank you all.
You won't regret my return.
How is my noble lord doing?
Well, I'm doing well.
Everything's quite nice around here.
Here, noble lord.
What do you wish of her?
You say you're my wife, but you won't call me your husband?
My men should call me "lord," not you.
I am your husband, your fellow.
You are my husband and my lord, my lord and my husband, and I am your obedient wife.
I know it now.
What should I call her?
"Madam.  "
"Madam Alice," or "Madam Joan?"
Just "madam," and nothing else.
That's what lords call their ladies.
Madam wife, they say that I've been dreaming or asleep for fifteen years or more.
Yes, and it seemed like thirty years to me, as I've been banished from your bed this whole time.
That's a lot.
Servants, leave me and her alone.
Madam, undress and come to bed.
Well, something's standing up and making it so I can hardly wait that long.
But I would hate to fall back into my dreams.
I'll wait, despite my flesh and blood .
Well, I will then.
Let them perform it.
No, my good lord, it is more pleasing stuff than that.
What, stuff from a house?
It's a kind of story.
Well, let's watch it.
Come, madam wife, sit by my side.
Forget about the world.
Pardon me, my gentle master.
I agree with everything you've said, and I'm glad that you've followed through with your decision to enjoy all the pleasures of sweet philosophy.
Only, good master, while we're studying all this admirable virtue and moral discipline, let's not become stoics or stocks , and let's not focus on Aristotle's restraints so much that we forget to read Ovid .
Many thanks, Tranio, for the good advice.
Master, maybe it's a gathering to welcome us to town.
To cart her, is more likely.
Please, sir, is it your intention to make a laughingstock of me in front of these mates ?
"Mates," girl?
What do you mean by that?
You won't have any mates until you improve your temper.
Don't worry, sir, you don't need to worry about being my husband.
Indeed, marriage doesn't appeal to my heart.
But even if it did, the only thing I'd want to do with you is knock you on the head with a three legged stool, scratch up your face, and make you my fool.
May God preserve us from all devils like her!
And me too, good Lord!
Keep quiet master, here's some entertainment for us.
That girl is either insane or incredibly disobedient.
But her sister is silent, and seems to have a proper girl's mildness and obedience.
Quiet, Tranio.
You're right, master.
Let's keep quiet and enjoy the sight.
What a spoiled pet!
If she knew what she was doing, she would have put on a show of weeping.
Sister, let yourself be happy in my unhappiness.
Sir, I will humbly obey your will.
Listen, Tranio!
It sounds like Minerva speaking .
Sir Baptista, will you really act so unnaturally?
I'm sorry that our good will towards Bianca should cause her grief.
Why would you cage her up in place of this fiend from hell, Sir Baptista, and punish her for her sister's tongue?
Gentleman, calm down.
I've made my decision, and I can't be swayed.
Go inside, Bianca.
Well, I can go too, can't I?
What, do I have to start making appointments now, as if I didn't know when to come and go?
You can go straight to the devil!
No one here can stand your "gifts.  "
Hortensio, our love for women isn't so great that we can't twiddle our thumbs and wait this out.
We're out of luck for now.
Farewell.
But because of my love for sweet Bianca, I'll try to find a suitable man to teach her in the subjects she enjoys, and send him to her father.
So will I, Sir Gremio.
But wait, let me have a word with you first, please.
Though we've always been opponents, never allies, when you think about it, it's now important to us both that we regain access to our fair mistress, so that we can once again be friendly rivals competing for Bianca's love.
And what's that?
Well, sir, to get a husband for her sister.
A husband?
A devil!
I say a husband.
I say a devil.
Do you really think, Hortensio, that any man is foolish enough to marry hell itself even if her father is very rich?
Hush, Gremio.
Even though you and I don't have the patience to put up with her loud cries, why, man, there are good fellows in this world, if we could only find them, who would take her with all her faults and enough money.
I'm not sure.
I would rather take her dowry and be whipped in public every morning than have to put up with her.
Well, as you say, it's a choice between two evils.
Please tell me, sir, is it possible that love could overpower a person so suddenly?
Oh Tranio, I never thought it possible or likely until it happened to me.
Master, now's not the time to scold you.
Affection can't be driven out of the heart.
If love has really touched you, then there's only one thing to be done.
Many thanks, friend.
Go on.
This is helping.
Master, you spent so much time looking at the girl that you might have missed the heart of the matter here.
Is that all you saw?
Didn't you notice how her sister began to scold and cause such a ruckus that human ears could hardly endure the noise?
Tranio, I saw her coral pink lips move, and her breath perfume the air.
Everything I saw in her was holy and sweet.
Well, then, it's time to wake him up from his trance.
Wake up, sir!
If you love this girl, then start using your wits to figure out how to win her.
Ah, Tranio, what a cruel father he is!
But didn't you hear how he wanted to hire good tutors to instruct her?
Yes, I did, sir and now I've got a plan!
I have it, Tranio!
Master, I think we both had the same idea at the same time.
Tell me your idea first.
You will be a tutor and offer to teach the girl.
It is.
Can it be done?
It's impossible.
Who would take your place and be Vincentio's son here in Padua, living in your house and studying your books, welcoming your friends, visiting and dining with your fellow countrymen from Pisa?
Enough don't worry, I have it all planned out.
No one has seen us yet, so no one knows which of us is the master and which is the servant.
That's very important.
Since this is what you want, sir, and I am sworn to obey you for that's what your father commanded me when we left, saying, "Serve my son," although I don't think he had this in mind I will pretend to be Lucentio, because I love the real Lucentio so much.
Where have I been?
The real question is, where are you?
Master, has Tranio stolen your clothes?
Or have you stolen his?
Or both?
Please tell me, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Not a bit.
And don't ever let the name "Tranio" slip out.
"Tranio" is now "Lucentio.  "
All the better for him.
I wish I could be Lucentio too.
I'd second your wish, boy, if it meant that the next wish gave Baptista's youngest daughter to Lucentio.
But for your master's sake, boy, not mine, I advise you to be discreet in the company of others.
Tranio, let's go.
One more thing still has to be done, and it's up to you to arrange it.
You have to become another suitor to Bianca.
My lord, you're falling asleep.
You're not watching the play.
I am watching, by God, I am.
It's a good play, to be sure.
Is there any more?
My lord, it's only just begun.
It's a very excellent piece of work, madam lady.
I wish it were over.
Knock, sir?
Whom should I knock?
Has any man rebused your Worship?
Villain, I say, knock for me here.
Knock you here, sir?
Why, sir, I don't think it's appropriate for me to knock you here, sir.
Villain, I say, knock for me on this door, and pound it well, or I'll knock your fool's head!
My master is getting angry.
If I knock him first, then I know who's going to end up sorry for it.
Why is this so hard?
Well, man, if you won't knock, I'll ring wring your ears and make you sing!
He wrings him by the ears He grabs GRUMIO by the ears.
Help, help!
My master's gone crazy.
Now knock when I tell you to, you idiot peasant.
What's going on, what's the matter?
Is this my old friend Grumio and my good friend Petruchio?
How are all your family in Verona?
Sir Hortensio, have you come to break up the fig?
Let me say con tutto il cuore, ben trovato .
Alla nostra casa ben venuto, molto honorato signor mio Petruchio.
Get up, Grumio, get up.
We will settle this argument.
It doesn't matter what he's accused me of in Latin.
He's a senseless villain, good Hortensio.
I told the rascal to knock on your door and couldn't for the life of me get him to do it.
Knock on the door?
Oh God!
Didn't you clearly say the words "Man, knock me here, pound here, and knock me well?"
And now you're claiming it was "knocking on the door?"
Be quiet or go away, I warn you.
Calm down, Petruchio.
I'll vouch for Grumio.
Why, this is sad to see you two fighting you and Grumio, your trusty, cheerful servant of many years.
But tell me now, sweet friend, what lucky wind blew you from old Verona here to Padua.
The wind that scatters young men throughout the world to seek their fortunes away from home, where there are few new experiences to be had.
But to be brief, Sir Hortensio, this is how it stands: Antonio, my father, is dead, and I have now thrown myself into the wide world to try and marry and thrive as best I can.
I have money in my purse and property at home, so I've set off to see the world.
Petruchio, should I speak plainly then and offer you a shrewish, unpleasant wife?
I don't think you'd thank me for my suggestion, but I promise you she's rich, yes, very rich.
But you are my friend, so I won't wish her on you.
Sir Hortensio, for good friends like us only a few words are needed.
Look at that, sir, he is very straightforward with his intentions.
Petruchio, since the conversation has gone this far already, I'll continue with what I meant only as a joke.
Quiet, Hortensio.
You don't know the power of money.
Her father is Baptista Minola, an agreeable and polite gentleman.
Her name is Katherina Minola, famous in Padua for her scolding tongue.
I don't know her, but I know her father, and he knew my father well when he was alive.
I won't sleep until I see her, Hortensio, so I hope you'll pardon me for cutting off this first meeting of ours unless you want to come with me.
Please, sir, let him go while this mood lasts.
I swear, if she knew him as well as I do, she'd know how little scolding affects him.
At best, she might come up with ten or so horrible names to call him.
"Katherine the shrew!  "
Of all the titles you could give a girl, that's the worst.
What a nice trick!
See how the young folks put their heads together to deceive the old.
Quiet, Grumio.
It is my rival for Biana's love.
Petruchio, let's watch a while.
What a handsome young man !
Oh, very well, I've read the list of books for Bianca.
Now listen, sir: I want them very handsomely bound, and I want them to be books of love.
No matter what, don't teach her any other lessons.
Do you understand me?
Above and beyond what Sir Baptista pays you, I'll add on a hefty bonus.
Take your book list too.
And have all the books well perfumed too, for the lady they're going to is sweeter than perfume itself.
What will you teach her?
Oh, this learning, what an excellent thing it is!
Oh, this moron, what an ass it is!
Quiet, boy.
Grumio, hush!
God bless you, Sir Gremio.
Good to see you, Sir Hortensio.
Do you know where I'm going?
To see Baptista Minola.
That's good.
And I have met a gentleman who has promised to help find a fine musician to teach our lady.
So I won't fall even a step behind in my duty to fair Bianca, my beloved.
My beloved as my deeds will prove.
And as his moneybags will prove.
Gremio, now is not the time to express our love.
If you're willing to be polite and listen to me, then I'll give you some news that's equally good for both of us.
If he'll do as he says, then that's good.
But Hortensio, have you told him about all her flaws?
I know she is an annoying, argumentative scolder.
If that's all, masters, then I see no problem.
No?
Is that what you're telling me, friend?
Where are you from?
I was born in Verona.
I'm old Antonio's son.
My father is dead, and his fortune is mine now.
Oh sir, such a life with such a wife will be strange!
But if you have the stomach for it, then godspeed and you'll have my help in everything you need.
But will you really woo this wildcat?
As long as I'm alive.
Will he woo her?
Yes, or I'll hang her.
Why did I come here if not for that?
Do you think a little noise can frighten me?
Haven't I heard lions roar?
For he fears nothing.
Hortensio, listen.
This gentleman has arrived at a fortunate time, I think for both our good and his.
And so we will, as long as he wins Katherine.
I wish I could be as sure of a good dinner.
God bless you, gentlemen.
If I may be so bold, please tell me, which is the best way to the house of Sir Baptista Minola?
The man with the two pretty daughters is that who you mean?
The very man, Biondello.
Listen, sir, you're not looking for the daughter
Maybe I mean the father and the daughter, sir.
What is it to you?
Not the daughter who scolds, anyway, I hope.
I have no love for scolders, sir.
Biondello, let's go.
Well done, Tranio.
Sir, a word before you go.
Are you a suitor to the girl you asked about yes or no?
And if I am, sir, is it a problem?
Not if you get out of here without saying another word.
Why, sir, don't I have just as much a right to be out on the streets as you do?
But she doesn't.
For what reason, I ask you?
For this reason, if you want to know: because she's the chosen beloved of Sir Gremio.
Because she's the chosen beloved of Sir Hortensio.
Calm down, sirs.
If you're gentleman, then be polite and hear me out.
What!
This gentleman will out talk us all.
Well, let him sprint ahead for now.
Hortensio, what's all this talk about?
Sir, if I may be so bold as to ask you, have you even seen Baptista's daughter yet?
No, sir, but I hear that he has two, the one as famous for her scolding tongue as the other is for her beauty and modesty.
Sir, sir, the first one's mine, so let her go by.
Yes, leave that labor to great Hercules it's worse than all the other Twelve Labors put together.
If that's true, sir, and you are the man who will help us all myself included and you do break the ice and perform the incredible feat of winning the elder sister, thereby setting the younger free for us to woo then I'm sure whoever happens to win her won't be such a brute as to be ungrateful to you.
Sir, you speak well, and you understand well.
And since you declare yourself a suitor, you must do as we already have, and pay this gentleman to whom we all owe so much.
An excellent suggestion!
Fellows, let's go.
It's a good suggestion, so let's do it.
Petruchio, let me buy you a drink as your host .
Good sister, don't wrong both me and yourself by turning me into a slave.
I won't stand for that.
I order you to tell me which of your suitors you like best.
And make sure you don't lie.
Believe me, sister, out of all the men alive I've never yet seen that special face that I could love more than any other.
You're lying, you hussy.
It's Hortensio, isn't it?
Oh, then you probably prefer money.
You'll choose Gremio who will keep you dressed up in fine clothes and jewelry.
Are you really jealous of me because of him?
You must be joking and now I can see that you've been joking with me this whole time.
Please, sister Kate, untie my hands.
If you consider that a joke, then the rest was too.
What's going on, woman?
How dare you!
Bianca, step away from her.
The poor girl, she's weeping!
Go do some sewing, and don't talk to her.
For shame, you vicious creature, you devil!
Why would you hurt her when she's never done you any harm?
When did she ever speak a single cruel word to you?
Her silence mocks me, and I'll get my revenge on her.
What, right in front of me?
Bianca, go inside.
What, you can't even stand my presence?
Was there ever a man who suffered like I do?
But who's this coming?
Good morning, neighbor Baptista.
Good morning, neighbor Gremio.
Hello and God bless you, gentlemen!
And you, good sir.
Please tell me, don't you have a daughter named Katherina, who is fair and virtuous?
I do have a daughter named Katherina, sir.
You're being too blunt.
Go about it with more ceremony.
You do me wrong, Sir Gremio.
Let me continue.
You're welcome here, sir, and he is too, for your sake.
But as for my daughter Katherine, this much I know: she won't meet your expectations and that's a pity for me.
I see that you don't intend to part with her, or else you don't like my company.
No, don't misunderstand me I'm just stating the facts.
Where are you from, sir?
What name should I call you?
He's well known to me.
You are welcome for his sake.
With all due respect, Petruchio, please let us poor petitioners get a word in too.
Stand back you're too forward.
Oh, pardon me, Sir Gremio.
I don't doubt it, sir, but you'll regret your wooing if it's successful.
Neighbor, this is a very gracious gift, I'm sure.
A thousand thanks, Sir Gremio.
Welcome, good Cambio.
But, gentle sir, you seem to be a foreigner.
May I be so bold as to ask about your reason for coming here?
I see that your name is Lucentio .
Where are you from?
From Pisa, sir.
A mighty man of Pisa.
I know him well by reputation.
You are very welcome, sir.
You take the lute   and you take the set of books.
You will go see your pupils right away.
Hey there, inside!
Sir Baptista, I'm in a bit of a hurry with this business, and I can't come wooing every day.
You knew my father well, and through him, me, the only heir to all his lands and wealth, which I have increased rather than depleted.
So tell me, if I can win your daughter's love, what dowry will I get when I marry her?
Twenty thousand crowns right away, and one half of my lands after my death.
And on my side, if I die before she does, as her widow's inheritance she'll get all my lands and the rent from my property.
Of course, once the most important thing has been obtained her love, that is.
Why, that is nothing.
I tell you, father, I am as domineering as she is proud minded, and when two raging fires come together, they cancel each other out.
A little wind will make a little fire great, but a great gust will blow the fire out.
I'll be the great gust to her fire, and she will yield to me, for I am rough and don't woo like a child.
Good luck with your wooing.
May you be successful.
I'll be well armed against them, like a mountain in the wind.
What's going on, my friend?
If I look pale, it must be from fear.
What, will my daughter turn out to be a good musician?
I think she'd do better as a soldier.
Swords might withstand her, but never lutes.
What, you don't think you can break her to the lute ?
Why no she's broken the lute on me.
By God, that's a lively girl!
Now I like her ten times more than I did before.
Oh, I can't wait to talk to her!
Well, come with me, and don't be discouraged.
Proceed in your lessons with my younger daughter.
She's a quick learner and will be grateful for your help.
Sir Petruchio, will you come with us, or should I send my daughter Kate to you?
Please send her in.
You may have heard that, but you must be somewhat hard of hearing then.
Those who talk about me call me Katherine.
"Moved," indeed.
Then let whoever moved you here come and remove you.
I could tell at once that you were a moveable .
Why, what do you mean by "moveable?"
A stool.
Exactly.
Come sit on me.
Asses are meant for bearing, and so are you.
Women are meant for bearing , and so are you.
Not for bearing the likes of you, if you're talking about me.
Alas, good Kate, I would never burden you, for I know you're young and light
Too light for a bumpkin like you to catch and yet just as heavy as I should be.
"Should be?"
Spoken like a true buzzard .
Oh slow winged turtledove, will you let a buzzard catch you?
No, this turtledove will catch a buzzard .
Come, come, my little wasp.
Really, you're too angry.
If I'm a wasp, then you'd better beware my stinger.
I'll have to pluck it out.
If a fool like you could find it.
Who doesn't know where a wasp wears its stinger?
In its tail.
No, in its tongue.
Whose tongue?
Yours, if we're telling tall tales of tails.
Farewell then.
What, you'll leave with my tongue in your tail?
No, come back, good Kate.
I am a gentleman.
I'll test that out.
I swear I'll hit you if you strike me again.
Then you'll lose your arms.
If you strike me, then you're no gentleman, and if you're not a gentleman, then you have no arms .
Are you a register for gentlemen, Kate?
Oh, put me in your good books!
What's your family crest?
A coxcomb ?
I'd be a cock without a comb, if Kate will be my hen.
Then you'd be no cock of mine.
You won't fight.
Come, Kate, come.
Don't look so sour.
That's just what I do, when I see a crab apple.
Why, there's no crab apple here, so don't look sour.
But there is, there is.
Then show it to me.
If I had a mirror, I would.
What, you mean my face?
What a good guess for such a boy!
By Saint George, I probably am too young for you.
But you're also wrinkled.
That's from worries and cares.
I don't care.
Now listen, Kate: you won't escape like that.
I'll only irritate you if I stay.
Let me go.
No, not a bit.
I find you exceedingly gentle.
Go, fool.
Did the goddess Diana ever grace a forest like Kate now graces this room with her queenly walk?
Where did you memorize all this witty talk?
It's off the cuff.
What a witty mother!
Too bad her son is witless.
Am I not wise?
Hardly wise enough to keep yourself warm .
Indeed, I do mean to keep myself warm, sweet Katherine, in your bed.
Now, Sir Petruchio, how's it going with my daughter?
How but well, sir?
How but well?
It would be impossible to go any other way.
And how are you, daughter Katherine?
Are you sad?
You'd dare to call me daughter?
Father, it's like this: you and everyone else who've talked about her have all been wrong.
I'll see you hanged on Sunday first!
Did you hear that, Petruchio?
Is this what you call success?
So much for our hopes of freeing Bianca.
Be patient, gentlemen.
I choose her for myself.
If she and I are happy, then what's it to you?
When we were alone, we agreed that she would go on being a shrew in public.
I tell you, it's incredible how much she loves me, though.
Oh, the kindest Kate!
She threw her arms around my neck, giving me kiss after kiss and swearing vows of love, and in an instant she had won my heart.
Oh, you are all just beginners!
It's amazing to see even a cowardly wretch can tame the fiercest shrew when a man and a woman are left alone together.
Give me your hand, Kate.
I'll now go to Venice to buy clothes for the wedding.
You plan the feast, father, and invite the guests.
I'll make sure my Katherine will be beautifully dressed.
I don't know what to say.
Give me your hands.
May God give you joy, Petruchio.
We say Amen to that!
We will be witnesses.
Father, and wife, and gentlemen farewell.
I'm off to Venice.
Sunday is coming soon.
We will have rings, and things, and fine clothes, and kiss me, Kate.
We will be married on Sunday.
Was ever a match agreed upon so suddenly?
Truly, gentlemen, I'm now playing the part of the merchant, and I've made a desperate bargain.
Yes, but your goods were just gathering dust and annoying you.
Now they'll either bring you a profit or be lost at sea.
The only profit I seek is a quiet, peaceful match.
And I am a man that loves Bianca more than words can express, or your thoughts can guess.
Boy, you don't know how to love like I do.
Old graybeard, your love has frozen over.
But yours will burn out.
Stand back, fickle boy.
Age is what nourishes.
But in ladies' eyes, it's youth that flourishes.
Calm down, gentlemen.
I will settle this quarrel.
That "only" came just in time.
Sir, listen to me: I am my father's heir and only son.
Two thousand gold coins a year from his land!
All my land together doesn't add up to that much!
Well, from me she'll have all that, plus a merchant ship that's now docked in Marseilles harbor.
What, have I silenced you with a ship?
Gremio, it's well known that my father has no fewer than three great merchant ships, along with two large galleys and twelve smaller ones.
I'll offer all these to Bianca, and I'll double whatever you might offer next.
Why, then she's mine alone, of all the men in the world, by your firm promise.
Gremio has been outbid.
That's a trivial objection: he is old, and I am young.
And can't young men die as well as old men?
Well, gentlemen, I have decided.
Next Sunday my daughter Katherina is to be married, you know.
On the following Sunday, Bianca will marry you if you can make this guarantee.
If you can't, then she'll marry Sir Gremio.
And so I bid you farewell, and thank you both.
Farewell, good neighbor.
A curse on your crafty withered hide!
But I've bluffed successfully without even a face card .
I think I'll be able to do my master good.
I see no reason why the pretend Lucentio shouldn't produce a father, called "pretend Vincentio" and that'll be a miracle.
Fathers usually father their children, not the other way around.
But in this case of wooing, a child will father a father, if my wits don't fail me.
Enough, fiddler!
You grow too forward, sir.
Have you already forgotten how her sister Katherina thanked you for your insistence?
Boy, I won't stand for these insults!
Why, gentlemen, you both do me wrong in arguing over something that is really my decision.
I am no schoolboy to be whipped and disciplined.
I won't be ordered about with hours and appointed schedules I will learn my lessons as it pleases me.
So to cut off all this arguing, let's sit down and figure this out.
You take your instrument and play awhile.
His lesson will be done before you've even tuned it.
And you'll stop his lesson once I am in tune?
That will be never.
Tune your instrument.
Where did we leave off?
Here, madam: "Here flowed the river Simois; here is the Sigeian land; here stood the lofty palace of old Priam.  "
Translate them.
Madam, my instrument's in tune.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
The high string's still out of tune.
Start over, man, and tune again.
Now let me see if I can translate it.
Hic ibat Simois, I don't know you, hic est Sigeia tellus, I don't trust you, Hic steterat Priami, make sure he doesn't hear us, regia, don't presume anything, celsa senis, don't give up.
Madam, now it's in tune.
All but the bass string.
The bass string is fine it's this base villain that's out of tune.
How touchy and forward this teacher is!
I swear, the fool must be courting my beloved.
Little know it  all, I'll keep my eye on you.
In time I may believe you, but I'm still doubtful.
Don't doubt me, for   "Aeacides" is just another name for the hero Ajax.
I must believe you because you're my teacher, or else, I promise you, I would keep arguing.
But let it go.
Now, Litio, it's your turn.
Good teacher, I hope you're not offended that I've been equally friendly to both of you.
You can go take a walk, and leave us alone for a while.
I don't teach music for three people.
Are you so strict, sir?
Well, I guess I have to wait then.
And watch, too, for unless I'm mistaken, our fancy musician grows romantic.
Why, I learned my scales long ago.
But still, read Hortensio's scale.
Mistress, your father asks that you leave your books and help decorate your sister's room.
You know tomorrow is the wedding day.
Farewell, sweet teachers.
I must go.
Well, mistress, then I have no reason to stay any longer.
But I have a reason to examine this know it all teacher more closely.
I think he looks like he's in love.
But if Bianca is so vulgar as to fall for every false man she sees, then let him have her!
If I ever catch her being unfaithful, I'll get even with her by loving someone else.
Sir Lucentio, this is the day appointed for Katherine and Petruchio to be married, but I haven't heard from my son in law at all.
What will people say?
What a mockery it will be to have the priest here, ready to perform the marriage ceremony, and be missing the bridegroom!
What does Lucentio have to say about our shame?
The shame is all mine.
I was forced to oppose my own heart and give my hand to that boorish, fickle madman, who wooed in a hurry and means to marry at his leisure.
Be patient, good Katherine, and you too, Baptista.
I wish that I had never seen him, though!
Go, girl.
Master, master!
I have news, old news , and such news as you never heard before!
You have news that's both new and old?
How can that be?
Why, isn't it news that Petruchio is coming?
Is he here?
Why, no, sir.
What then?
He is coming.
When will he be here?
When he stands where I am and sees you there.
But tell us, what is your old news?
Who's with him?
Oh, sir, just his servant, who's dressed up like the horse, with a linen stocking on one leg and a big woolen sock on the other, a pair of red and blue garters, and an old hat with some crazy decoration on it in place of the feather.
He's dressed like a monster, a total monster, and not at all like a proper Christian page or a gentleman's servant.
It's some strange whim of his that inspires this fashion though he does often dress casually.
I'm glad he's coming, however he might be dressed.
Why, sir, he's not coming.
Didn't you say he was coming?
Who?
Petruchio?
Yes, that Petruchio was coming.
No, sir, I said that his horse was coming, with him on its back.
Why, that's the same thing.
No, by Saint Jamy, I'll bet you a penny, A horse and a man Are not the same  And yet not too different.
Come now, where are all the gentlemen?
Is anyone at home?
You are welcome, sir.
And yet I didn't come well.
And yet you aren't limping.
And you're not as well dressed as I wish you would be.
Even if my clothes were better I would still rush in like this But where is Kate?
Where is my love?
How is my father in law?
Gentlemen, you seem to be frowning.
Why is this fine gathering of people all staring, as if at something strange a comet or some unnatural phenomenon?
Why, sir, you know this is your wedding day.
First we were sad because we feared you wouldn't come, but now we're sadder to see that you've come so unprepared.
And tell us what was so important that it made you late for your wedding, and sent you here dressed so unlike yourself.
It would be a tedious story to tell, and a rough one to hear.
Don't go see your bride in these disrespectful clothes.
Go to my room and put on some of my clothes.
I won't, believe me.
I'll visit her like this.
But surely you won't marry her like this.
I swear, I will.
He has some plan in dressing up like this.
If it's possible, I'll try to persuade him to put on something better before he goes to the church.
I'll follow him too, and see how this turns out.
I mean to look into that, too, and to keep on eye on our opportunities in this business.
I'll outwit the old graybeard, Gremio, the overbearing father, Minola, and the crafty musican, Litio the lover all for the sake of my master Lucentio.
As eagerly as I ever came home from school.
And are the bride and bridegroom coming home?
A bridegroom, you say?
More like a groom who cleans stables, a grumbling groom, as that girl will soon discover.
Why, he's a devil, a devil, a total fiend.
No, she's a devil, a devil, the devil's own mother.
What did the girl say when the priest got back up?
Are you really leaving tonight?
I must leave today, before the night even comes.
Don't be so surprised.
If you knew my business, you'd urge me to go rather than stay.
And, honest friends, I thank you all for coming to watch me give myself away to this patient, sweet, virtuous wife.
Dine with my father in law and drink a toast to me, for I must go.
Can you at least stay until after dinner?
I cannot.
Whaf if I ask you to stay?
I cannot.
Can I ask you to stay?
I'd be glad to.
You'd be glad to stay?
If you love me, stay.
Grumio, get my horses ready.
They're ready, sir.
The oats have all eaten the horses.
Oh Kate, calm down.
Please, don't be angry.
I will be angry.
What business is it of yours?
Father, be quiet.
He'll stay until I want him to.
Well, sir, now it begins.
Gentlemen, go on to the bridal dinner.
I see that a woman will be made into a fool if she doesn't stand up for herself.
They'll go on, Kate, at your command.
Obey the bride, you guests who attend on her.
No, let them go.
If they hadn't left so quickly, I would have died of laughing.
Of all the craziest pairings, I've never seen one like this.
Mistress, what's your opinion of your sister?
That, being mad herself, she has now married a madman.
And I bet Petruchio will catch the Kate soon enough!
Neighbors and friends, though the seats for the bride and bridegroom will be empty at the table, you know there are no delicacies lacking at the feast itself.
Lucentio, you will take the bridegroom's place, and let Bianca take her sister's.
Will sweet Bianca practice being a bride?
She will, Lucentio.
Come, gentlemen, let's go.
A curse, a curse on all tired, worthless horses, on all crazy masters, and on all bad roads!
Was ever a man beaten so much as me?
Was ever a man so weary?
Who is it who calls so coldly?
A piece of ice.
If you doubt me, try it out you could slide from my shoulder to my heel after just a step from my head to my neck.
Start a fire, good Curtis.
Are my master and his wife coming, Grumio?
Oh, yes, Curtis, yes, so they need a fire, a fire.
And leave out the water.
Is she as fiery a shrew as she's reported to be?
She was, good Curtis, before this frost.
But you know how winter tames man, woman, and beast and so it's tamed my old master, my new mistress, and myself, good colleague Curtis.
So you're a beast, and I'm your colleague!
I don't think so.
Am I only three inches?
Why, your cuckold's horn is a foot long, and I'm at least that tall .
Please, good Grumio, tell me, how are things out in the world?
It's a cold world, Curtis, for every man except fire starters like you, so start a fire!
Do your duty, and take your reward, for my master and mistress are almost frozen to death.
There's a fire ready.
So tell me the news, good Grumio.
Why, "Jack, boy!
Ho, boy!  "
and whatever other news you want.
Well, aren't you full of cony catching!
Why, make a fire then, for I have caught extreme cold.
Where's the cook?
Everything's ready.
So please, give me the news.
First of all, my horse is tired, and my master and mistress have had a falling out.
How?
Out of their saddles and into the dirt.
Let's hear it, good Grumio.
Lean close and I'll tell you.
Here.
There!
That's to feel a story, not hear it.
That's why it's a "sensitive" story.
I was just knocking to see if your ear was listening.
But now I'll begin: first of all, we came down a muddy hill, my master riding behind my mistress.
Both on one horse?
What's the difference?
Why, a horse.
Then why don't you tell the story!
If you hadn't interrupted me, you would have heard about how her horse fell, with her under it.
It sounds like he is more of a shrew than she is.
Yes, and you and everyone else will find that out when he comes home.
But why am I talking about this?
Call in Nathaniel, Joseph, Nicholas, Philip, Walter, Sugarsop, and all the rest.
Make sure their hair is slicked down and combed, their blue coats are brushed, and their garters are normal looking and matching.
Have them do an elaborate greeting and not dare to touch a hair of my master's horse's tail until they've kissed their hands.
Are they all ready?
They are.
Call them in.
Hey, do you hear that?
You must come greet the master and countenance the mistress.
Why, she already has a face of her own.
Who said she didn't?
You did, it seems, since you told them to "countenance" her.
I mean they should give her credit.
Why, she's not coming to borrow money from them .
Welcome home, Grumio.
How's it going, Grumio?
Hey, Grumio!
Grumio, my friend!
How's it going, old boy?
Welcome to you!
How's it going to you?
Hey to you!
My friend to you!
And that's enough greetings.
Now, my dapper companions, is everything neat and ready?
Everything's ready.
How far away is our master?
He's probably here already.
So don't by God, quiet!
I hear him.
Where are those villains?
What, there's no man at the door to help me off my horse and take him to the stable!
Where are Nathaniel, Gregory, and Philip?
Here, here, sir!
Here, sir!
"Here, sir!
Here, sir!
Here, sir!
Here, sir!  "
You blockheaded servants!
What, I'll get no service from you?
No respect?
No duty?
Where is the foolish villain I sent ahead of me?
Here, sir, and just as foolish as I was before.
You stupid bumpkin!
You bastard workhorse drudge!
Didn't I tell you to meet me outside and bring these idiot rascals along with you?
Nathaniel's coat wasn't ready, sir, and Gabriel's shoes didn't have the proper pattern on them.
Peter's hat was the wrong color, and Walter's dagger needed a sheathe.
The only ones properly dressed were Adam, Rafe, and Gregory.
The rest looked like ragged old beggars.
But here they are sir, and they've come as they are to greet you.
Go, idiots, go, and fetch me my supper.
Calm down, please!
It was an accident.
He's a stupid, blockheaded, flap eared son of a bitch!
Come, Kate, sit down.
I know you must be hungry.
Will you say grace, sweet Kate, or should I?
What's this?
Mutton?
Yes.
And who brought it?
I did.
It's burnt, and so is all the rest of the meat.
These servant dogs!
Where is the rascal cook?
You villains, how dare you bring me this meat when you know I don't like it overcooked?
There, take it back, plates, cups, and all!
Please, husband, don't be so upset.
The meat was fine, if you would have accepted it.
I tell you, Kate, it was burnt and dried up.
Peter, did you ever see the likes of this?
He subdues her by acting like her.
Where is he?
I've begun my reign in this cunning way, and I hope to end up successful.
My falcon is now hungry and unfed, and she won't be allowed to eat until she submits to my authority.
Is it possible, my dear friend Litio, that Bianca could prefer another man over me?
I tell you, sir, she's been very friendly towards me.
Sir, to prove to you what I've said, stand by right here and watch how this fellow teaches her.
Now, mistress, have you been making progress in your studies?
What are you studying, teacher?
First answer me that.
I study what I teach The Art of Love .
And may you prove, sir, to be a master of your art.
While you, sweet dear, prove to be the mistress of my heart!
How quickly he earns his degree!
Oh spiteful love!
Faithless womankind!
I tell you, Litio, it's incredible!
Let me reveal myself.
Sir Hortensio, I've often heard of your sincere affection for Bianca, and now that I've seen with my own eyes that she is unfaithful, I will join you, if you like, in rejecting Bianca and her love forever.
See how they kiss and flirt!
And I now make the same oath, never to marry her even if she begs me.
Damn her!
See how lustfully she flirts with him!
Miss Bianca, may you be blessed with all the good fortune you deserve!
You're joking, Tranio!
But have you both really given me up?
Mistress, we have.
Then we've gotten rid of Litio.
God give him joy!
Yes, and he'll tame her.
Did he say that, Tranio?
Well, he's gone off to the taming school.
The taming school?
What, is there such a place?
Oh master, master, I've been watching for so long that I'm dog tired, but at last I spied a good old fellow coming down the hill.
Who is he, Biondello?
Master, I'm not sure if he's a merchant or a schoolmaster, but he's well dressed and looks old and respectable enough to be Lucentio's father.
And what will you do with him, Tranio?
If he's gullible and believes my story, then I'll make him happy to pretend to be Vincentio and vouch for you to Baptista Minola, just as if he were the real Vincentio.
Take your sweetheart and leave this to me.
Hello and God bless you, sir.
And you too, sir.
Welcome.
Are you going farther, or is this your destination?
Sir, this is my destination for a week or two, but then I'll go on as far as Rome, and then to Tripoli, if God is willing.
Where are you from, if I might ask?
From Mantua.
Mantua, sir?
God forbid!
And you've come to Padua?
My life, sir!
What do you mean?
That sounds serious indeed.
It's death for anyone from Mantua to come to Padua.
Don't you know why?
Well, sir, I'll do you a favor, and help you out and give you some advice.
But first tell me, have you ever been to Pisa?
Yes, sir, I've often been to Pisa Pisa, famous for its serious citizens.
Do you know one of those citizens called Vincentio?
I don't know him, but I've heard of him: a merchant of incomparable wealth.
He is my father, sir, and to be honest, you look a little bit like him.
As much as an apple looks like an oyster, but that's no matter.
Oh sir, I will, and I'll always consider you the savior of my life and liberty.
Then come with me, and we'll get everything ready.
By the way, I should also tell you this: my father is expected here any day now to come vouch for me about a widow's inheritance for my marriage.
No, no, I swear, I can't.
The more I suffer, the angrier he seems to get.
What, did he marry me to starve me?
Even beggars who come to my father's door get money when they ask for it.
If not, they find charity elsewhere.
But I, who never learned how to beg and never needed to beg, am starved for food and dizzy with lack of sleep, kept awake by curses and fed only with arguing.
What do you say to an ox's foot?
It sounds excellent.
Please let me have it.
I'm afraid that meat like that is choleric and will make you angry .
What do you say to a fat cow stomach, well  broiled?
I'd like that very much.
Good Grumio, bring it to me.
I'm not sure.
I'm afraid it's choleric too.
What do you say to a piece of beef with mustard?
It's a dish I love to eat.
Yes, but the mustard's a little too hot.
Why then, the beef, and leave the mustard off.
Certainly not, in that case.
You'll have the mustard or else you'll get no beef from Grumio.
Then both, or one, or anything you want.
Why then, the mustard without the beef.
How is my Kate doing?
What, sweetheart, why so dejected?
Mistress, how are you?
Indeed, I'm as bad as can be.
Cheer up.
Give me a smile.
Here, love, see how diligent I am I've prepared your meat myself, and brought it to you.
I am sure, sweet Kate, that this kindness deserves your thanks.
What, not a word?
Well, then I guess you don't like it, and all my work was for nothing.
Here, take away this dish.
Please, don't take it away.
Even the poorest service is repaid with thanks, and mine will be too, before you touch the meat.
I thank you, sir.
Shame on you, Sir Petruchio, this is your fault.
Come, mistress Kate, I'll join you.
Do me a favor and eat it all up yourself, Hortensio.
May it do your gentle heart much good, Kate.
Eat quickly.
And now, my honey love, we will return to your father's house and party with the best of them, with silken coats and caps and golden rings, with ruffs and cuffs and petticoats and things, with scarves and fans and two sets of fine clothes, with amber bracelets, beads, and all such tricks.
What, have you finished?
The tailor is waiting to dress you in ruffled finery.
Here is the cap your Worship asked for.
Why, this must have been modeled on a porridge bowl!
It's like a velvet dish!
For shame, for shame, it's worthless and filthy!
Why, it's like a cockleshell or a walnut shell, a knickknack, a trifle, a baby's cap.
Take it away!
Come, let me see a bigger one.
I don't want a bigger one.
This one agrees with the present fashion, and all gentlewomen wear caps like this.
Well, when you are gentle you can have one too, and not before.
That won't be anytime soon.
Why, sir, I trust that I'm allowed to speak, and speak I will.
I am not a child or an infant.
Better men than you have heard me speak my mind, and if you cannot endure it, then you'd better stop up your ears.
Why, you're right.
It is a puny little cap, a tart crust , a plaything, a silken pie.
I love you more for not liking it.
Whether you love me or love me not, I like the cap, and I will have it, or I'll have nothing.
Now, your gown?
Why, yes.
Come, tailor, let us see it.
God have mercy!
What is this costume?
What's this, a sleeve?
It's more like a cannon.
What, you've carved it like an apple tart all over?
I see that she's likely to have neither a cap nor a gown.
You told me to make it properly and well, according to the current fashions.
Indeed I did.
But if you remember, I didn't tell you to make it a mockery of the current fashions.
Go on, hop on home, for you must hop without my money, sir.
I never saw a better made gown, or one more elegant, pleasing, and praiseworthy.
It seems like you're trying to make a plaything out of me.
She says you, your Worship, intend to make a plaything out of her.
Oh monstrous arrogance!
You lie, you thread, you thimble, you puny measurement!
You flea, you louse egg, you winter cricket!
Defied in my own house by a spool of thread?
Away with you, you rag, you fragment, you remnant, or I'll use your own yardstick against you until you think twice about talking again for the rest of your life!
I tell you that you've ruined her gown.
Your Worship is deceived.
The gown is made just as my master directed me to make it.
Grumio gave the order for how it should be done.
I gave him no order.
I gave him the material.
But how did you want it to be made?
Well, sir, with needle and thread.
But didn't you want to have it cut, too?
You've faced many things, haven't you?
I have.
Well don't try to face off with me.
You have braved many men, but don't try to brave me .
Why, here is the order as evidence.
Read it.
The note is a low note and a liar, if it says I said so.
"First, a loose bodied gown "
Master, if I ever said "loose bodied gown ," you can sew me into the skirts of it and beat me to death with a ball of brown thread.
I said "a gown.  "
Go on.
"With a flared half circle cape "
I admit to ordering the cape.
"With a large, wide sleeve "
I admit to two sleeves.
"The sleeves elaborately cut.  "
Ah, there's the problem.
Error in the bill, sir, error in the bill!
I said that the sleeves should be cut out and sewed up again, and I'll prove it by defeating you in combat, even if your little finger is armed with a thimble.
What I say is the truth: and if I had you in the right place, I'd prove it to you.
I'm ready for you right now.
You take the bill , give me the yardstick, and do your worst!
God have mercy, Grumio!
Then he'll have no chance.
Well, sir, in conclusion, the gown is not for me.
Go, take it away and let your master use it however he wants.
Villain, not on your life!
Take off my mistress's gown for your master's use!
Why, sir, what do you mean by that?
Oh, sir, the meaning is deeper than you think.
Take off my mistress's gown for his master's use!
Oh, shameful, shameful, shameful!
Hortensio, tell the tailor that you'll make sure he gets paid.
Go, take it away.
Be gone, and don't say anything more.
Tailor, I'll pay you for your gown tomorrow.
Don't take his rudeness to heart.
Go then, I say.
Give my regards to your master.
Well, come on then, my Kate.
We'll just go on to your father's house dressed in our plain, respectable clothes.
I dare say, sir, that it's almost two, and it will be dinnertime before we get there.
It will be seven o'clock before I'll get on any horse.
Whatever I say, or do, or think, you are still contradicting it.
Sirs, never mind.
Why, this gentleman wants to command even the sun.
Sir, this is the house.
Do you want me to knock?
Yes, of course.
Unless I'm mistaken, Sir Baptista might remember me, Sir Vincentio, from when we both stayed at the Pegasus in Genoa nearly twenty years ago.
I swear I will.
Don't worry about him.
Biondello, boy, now play your part well.
Imagine this is the real Vincentio.
Ha, don't worry about me.
But have you delivered the message to Baptista?
I told him that your father was in Venice, and that you expected him in Padua today.
You're a fine fellow.
Here, have a drink on me.
Enter BAPTISTA and LUCENTIO BAPTISTA and LUCENTIO enter.
Quiet, son.
Sir, if I may having come to Padua to collect some debts, my son Lucentio made me aware of the deep love between your daughter and himself.
Sir, pardon me for what I have to say.
I like your plainness and honesty.
It is indeed true that your son Lucentio here loves my daughter, and she loves him unless they're both good at pretending.
I thank you, sir.
Where is the best place to draw up the necessary papers and settle this matter?
Then let's go to my lodging, if you'd like.
That's where my father is staying, and tonight we can complete our transactions privately there.
Send your servant for Bianca.
My boy will fetch the notary right away.
The only bad thing is that with such short notice, we'll only be able to offer you a small meal.
That sounds good to me.
Cambio, hurry home and tell Bianca to get ready right away.
And, if you want to, tell her what has happened: Lucentio's father has come to Padua, and now she's likely to be Lucentio's wife.
With all my heart I pray to the gods that she will!
Don't worry about the gods.
Go on about your business.
Signor Baptista, should I lead the way?
I'll follow you.
Cambio.
What is it, Biondello?
Did you see my master winking and laughing at you?
What about it, Biondello?
Please, explain them.
It's like this: Baptista is safely taken care of.
And what else?
You're to bring his daughter to dinner.
And then?
The old priest at Saint Luke's Church is at your service at all hours.
And what of all this?
I'm not sure, except that they are busy with some fake marriage contract.
Go get your exclusive rights to that girl.
Go to the church and take a priest, a clerk, and some honest enough witnesses.
If this isn't what you've been waiting for, then I have nothing more to say but bid Bianca farewell forever.
Do you hear, Biondello
I can't linger.
I once knew a girl who was married in the afternoon as she went out to the garden to look for parsley to stuff a rabbit.
It may happen to you too, sir.
I may, and I will, if she agrees.
She will be pleased.
Then why am I doubtful?
What will be will be.
I'll just be honest and straightforward with her.
Come on, in God's name, let's continue on to your father's house.
Good Lord, the moon is so bright and beautiful tonight!
The moon?
That's the sun!
There's no moonlight now.
I say it's the moon that shines so bright.
I know it's the sun that shines so bright.
Say what he wants you to say, or we'll never go.
I say it is the moon .
I know it is the moon.
No, you're a liar.
It's the blessed sun.
Then God be blessed, it's the blessed sun.
But it's not the sun when you say it isn't, and the moon changes with your mind .
Whatever you name it, that's what the thing is, and so it will always be for Katherine.
Petruchio, let's go on.
Well, forward, forward then!
This is how things should go, smooth and straight.
But wait!
Someone's coming.
He'll make the man go crazy, pretending that he's a woman.
Young budding virgin, fair and fresh and sweet, where are you off to, and where is your home?
Happy are the parents of such a fair child.
And happier the man whose destiny is to share your bed!
Why, what's going on, Kate!
I hope you haven't gone crazy.
This is a man old, wrinkled, faded, and withered not a girl, as you say he is.
Do pardon her, good old grandfather, and also tell us which way you're traveling.
If you're going the same way we are, we'd be glad to have your company.
What is his name?
Lucentio, gentle sir.
What a happy coincidence, and even happier for your son.
I can now call you "father" legally, and not just as a term of respect for your age.
This gentlewoman here is my wife, and her sister is now married to your son.
Don't be amazed or upset.
His wife has a good reputation, a wealthy dowry, and a noble bloodline.
She has all the qualities that would make her a worthy spouse for any noble gentleman.
Now let me embrace you, Vincentio, and then we'll go out of our way to see your honest son.
I assure you, father, it's true.
Come along with us and you'll see the truth for yourself, if our initial joke has made you suspicious.
Well, Petruchio, this has been encouraging to me.
Quietly and quickly, sir.
I'm hurrying, Biondello.
But they might need you at home, so you go back.
Exit LUCENTIO with BIANCA LUCENTIO and BIANCA exit.
No, I'll see you safely to the church, and then I'll hurry back to my master's.
I'm surprised Cambio hasn't come by all this time.
Sir, here's the door.
This is Lucentio's house.
My father in  law's house lies closer to the marketplace.
That's where I'm off to, and here I leave you, sir.
You must have a drink before you go.
I think I can welcome you on my son's behalf, and it's likely that some entertainment is being prepared anyway.
They're busy inside.
You'd better knock louder.
Who's that trying to break down the door?
Is Sir Lucentio inside, sir?
He's inside, sir, but he can't be bothered right now.
What if a man were to bring him a couple hundred pounds to have fun with?
Keep your hundred pounds to yourself.
He won't need anything as long as I'm alive.
See, I told you your son was well loved in Padua.
Do you hear me, sir?
Jokes aside, please tell Sir Lucentio that his father has come from Pisa and is here at the door to speak with him.
You are lying.
His father has already come to Padua, and here he is looking out the window.
Are you his father?
Yes, sir, or so his mother tells me, if I can believe her.
Why, what's going on?
This is downright criminal, to take on another man's name!
Arrest the villain.
I believe he means to cheat someone in this city while pretending to be me.
Now I've seen them go into the church together.
May God give them a good marriage!
But who's this here?
My old master Vincentio!
Now everything's ruined!
Come here, you villain.
I don't have to obey you, sir.
Come here, you rogue!
What, have you forgotten me?
Forgotten you!
No, sir.
I could not forget you, for I've never seen you before in my life.
What, you foul villain, did you never see your master's father, Vincentio?
What, my respectable old master?
Yes, of course, sir.
There he is, looking out the window.
Is that so.
Help, help, help!
There's a madman trying to murder me!
Help, son!
Help, Sir Baptista!
Come on, Kate, let's stand aside and see how all this chaos turns out.
Sir, who are you that you would presume to beat my servant?
Who am I, sir!
No, who are you, sir?
By the immortal gods!
Oh, you complete villain!
A silken jacket, velvet hose, a scarlet cloak, and a tall hat!
Oh, I'm ruined, I'm ruined!
While I played the thrifty father at home, my son and my servant have spent all my money at university.
What's going on, what's the matter?
What, is the man a lunatic?
Sir, from your clothes you seem to be a wise, respectable old gentleman, but your words show you to be a madman.
Why, sir, what is it to you if I should wear pearls and gold?
Thanks to my good father, I can afford it.
Your father!
Oh you villain!
Your father is a sailmaker in Bergamo.
You're mistaken, sir, you're mistaken.
Please tell me, what do you think his name is?
His name!
As if I didn't know his name!
I raised him ever since he was three years old, and his name is Tranio.
Away with you, mad fool!
His name is Lucentio, my only son, and heir to all the lands owned by me, Vincentio.
Lucentio!
Oh, he's murdered his master!
Arrest him, I charge you in the Duke's name.
Oh my son, my son!
Tell me, you villain, where is my son Lucentio?
Call an officer.
Take me to jail?
Wait, officer.
He won't go to prison.
Be quiet, Sir Gremio.
I say he will go to prison.
Be careful, Sir Baptista, or else you'll be tricked by this business.
I would dare to swear that this is the real Vincentio.
Swear, if you dare.
No, I won't really dare to swear it.
Then you'd better say that I'm not really Lucentio.
No, I know you're Sir Lucentio.
Away with this old fool!
Take him to jail!
This is how strangers are mistreated and abused!
Oh you monstrous villain!
Oh!
There he is, and we're ruined!
Deny him, swear that you don't know him, or else we're completely undone.
Forgive me, sweet father.
Is my sweet son alive?
Forgive me, dear father.
Why, what have you done wrong?
Where is Lucentio?
A conspiracy, a total conspiracy, that deceived us all!
Where is that damned villain Tranio, who bullied and defied me about this?
Why, tell me though, isn't this my daughter's tutor Cambio?
Cambio has become Lucentio.
Love performed these miracles.
No, I'll slit the nose of that villain who tried to send me to jail.
But is this true, sir, that you've married my daughter without asking for my permission?
Don't worry, Baptista, we will satisfy you.
You'll see.
But I will go inside and get some revenge for this villainy.
And I will too, to see how deep this villainy goes.
Don't look so pale, Bianca.
Your father won't be angry with you.
Husband, let's follow them and see how all this turns out.
First kiss me, Kate, and then we will.
What, in the middle of the street?
What, are you ashamed of me?
No sir, God forbid, but I am ashamed to kiss.
Well then, let's go home again.
Come, fellow, let's go.
No, I'll give you a kiss.
Now please, love, stay.
Isn't this nice?
Come, my sweet Kate.
Better late than never, for never's too late.
Nothing but sit and sit, and eat and eat!
Padua can afford this pleasant lifestyle, my son Petruchio.
Padua contains nothing that isn't pleasant.
For both our sakes, I hope that's true.
Now, I swear!
Don't worry, I'm not afraid of him.
You are very sensible, but you mistook my meaning: I meant that Hortensio is afraid of you.
He who is dizzy thinks the world spins round.
Well said.
Mistress, what do you mean by that?
That's what I conceive of Petruchio.
She conceives by me?
And what does Hortensio think of that?
My widow means that that's how she understands you.
Good job fixing that.
Kiss him for that, good widow.
"He who is dizzy thinks the world spins round" Please, tell me what you meant by that.
Your husband, who has to live with a shrew, projects his own troubles onto my husband.
And now you know my meaning.
A very mean meaning.
Right, because I mean you.
And I demean myself by paying you any attention.
Get her, Kate!
Get her, widow!
I'll bet you a hundred marks, my Kate will have her on her back.
That's my job.
Spoken like a good worker!
Here's to you, boy!
How does Gremio like these quick witted folks?
Believe me, sir, they butt heads well.
Head and butt!
A clever person would say your butting head had horns .
Ah, mistress bride, have we woken you up?
Yes, but it hasn't frightened me.
So I'll go back to sleep.
No, you certainly won't.
Now that you've gotten started, be ready for a sharp joke or two!
Am I the bird you're shooting at now?
I'll fly to a different tree, so you must follow me with your bow.
You are all welcome here.
Well, she's escaped me.
Sir Tranio, you also aimed at that bird, though you didn't hit her.
So here's a toast to all who have shot and missed.
Oh, sir, Lucentio just let me off his leash like a greyhound.
A good and fast answer, but also one for the dogs.
It's good, sir, that you hunted for yourself.
There's a rumor that your deer has faced you down and cornered you.
Oh, oh, Petruchio!
Now Tranio hits you with a good one.
I thank you for that taunt, good Tranio.
Admit it, admit, didn't that one hit close to home?
He has wounded me a little, I confess.
But since the taunt grazed me and kept flying, it's ten to one that it hit you two straight on.
In all seriousness though, my son Petruchio, I think you have the biggest shrew of all.
Well, I have to disagree.
Sounds good.
What's the bet?
Twenty crowns.
Twenty crowns?
I'd bet that much on my hawk or my hound, but I'd bet twenty times that on my wife.
A hundred then.
Agreed.
It's a bet!
Let's do it.
Who should begin?
I will.
Go, Biondello, and tell your mistress to come to me.
I go.
Son, I'll take half your bet that Bianca comes.
I don't want any halves.
I'll bear it all myself.
Sir, my mistress says to tell you that she's busy, and she cannot come.
What!
"She's busy, and she cannot come!  "
Is that her answer?
Yes, and a kind one at that.
Pray to God, sir, that your wife doesn't send you a worse one.
I expect something better.
Biondello, boy, go and ask my wife to come to me right away.
Oh ho, ask her!
Well, then she has to come.
I'm afraid that no matter what you do, sir, your wife won't let herself be asked for anything.
She says you must be playing some kind of joke.
She will not come.
She tells you to come to her.
Worse and worse.
She will not come!
Oh, it's vile, intolerable, not to be endured!
I know what her answer will be.
What?
She will not.
That'll be the worse for me, and an end to the matter.
Now, by all that's holy, here comes Katherina!
What is your will, sir, that you sent for me?
Where are your sister and Hortensio's wife?
They sit talking by the fire in the parlor.
Go bring them here.
Here is a miracle, if we're speaking of miracles.
So it is.
I wonder what it means.
Well, it means peace, and love, and a quiet life, and authority commanding respect, and proper hierarchy, and, in brief, everything sweet and happy.
Well, may you have good fortune, good Petruchio!
Wait, I'll win the bet even more completely, and show more signs of her obedience, her newly created virtue and obedience.
Lord, don't let me ever be brought to such a silly state of affairs where someone could treat me like that!
For shame!
What kind of foolish "obedience" do you call this?
I wish your obedience was just as foolish.
The wisdom of your obedience, fair Bianca, has cost me a hundred crowns since dinnertime.
Then you're the bigger fool for betting money on my obedience.
Katherine, I want you to tell these headstrong women what kind of obedience they owe to their lords and husbands.
Come on, you're joking.
She won't tell us anything.
Do it, I say, and begin with her.
She won't.
I say she will.
And first begin with her.
For shame, for shame!
Don't furrow your brow and glare so scornfully to try to wound the man who is your lord, your king, and your governor.
It tarnishes your beauty like frost blights the meadows, and ruins your reputation like a strong wind shaking a flower bud.
Why, there's a good girl!
Come on and kiss me, Kate.
Well, what do you know, old boy, you've done it.
It's good to hear children being obedient.
But it's unpleasant to hear women being willful.
Come, Kate, we'll go to bed.
And it's a miracle, if I may say so, that she could be tamed like that.
Boatswain!
Here I am, sir.
What do you need?
Good man, speak to the sailors to get them working harder.
Do it quickly, or we’re going to be shipwrecked.
Move, move!
Come on, my boys!
Cheer up, cheer up, my boys!
Quickly!
Quickly!
Pull down the topmost sail.
Follow the master’s whistled commands.
Blow, you wind, until you have nothing left to blast!
Good Boatswain, be careful!
Where’s the Master?
Urge these men to work harder.
I ask you, please stay below deck now.
Where is the Master, Boatswain?
Can’t you hear him shouting commands?
You’re interfering with our work.
Stay in your cabins.
You’re helping the storm.
Please be calm, my good man.
I’ll be calm when the sea is.
Get out of here!
These waves don’t care that someone here is a king.
Get to your cabins and be quiet!
Stop bothering us.
Good man, please remember whom you’ve got on board.
Not one person that I care about more than myself.
You’re a king’s advisor.
If you can order the storm to stop, or negotiate a peace with it, we sailors will all stop working Use your authority.
That man makes me feel a lot more confident.
Bring down the top sail!
Quickly, lower, lower!
Bring the ship in line with the wind using the main sail.
Curse those men shouting below decks!
They’re louder than the storm and distracting us from our duties.
You’re up on deck again?
What are you doing here?
Should we just give up and drown?
Are you in the mood to sink?
Do some work, then.
Go hang yourself, you rascal!
Hang yourself, you loud, disrespectful bastard!
We’re less afraid of drowning than you are.
I guarantee he’ll never drown, not even if the ship were as fragile as a nutshell and as leaky as a menstruating woman.
Turn the ship close to the wind!
Set both sails to push us back out to sea!
Push her away from the land!
We’re going to die!
Pray, pray!
What, must we drown in the cold water?
The king and the prince are praying.
Let’s pray with them, since we share their situation.
I’ve lost all my patience.
We’ve had our lives completely taken from us by a bunch of drunken sailors.
As for this bigmouthed rascal of a boatswain    I hope you drown ten times!
God have mercy on us!
The ship’s splitting apart; the ship's splitting!
Goodbye, my wife and children!
Goodbye, brother!
The ship's splitting, splitting, splitting!
Let’s all sink with the king.
Let’s say goodbye to him.
I’d give  square miles of sea for a single acre of infertile ground: an empty plain, plants growing in bad soil, anything.
What's fated to be will be, but I'd be happier to die a dry death.
My dearest father, if you used your magic to incite the wild waters into this this awful storm, please calm them.
Be calm.
Don't be scared.
Oh, what a sad day!
No harm was done.
I never even considered that there might be more to know.
It’s time that I told you everything.
Give me a hand and take this magic cloak off of me.
Lay there, my magic.
Wipe your eyes.
Take comfort.
Now the time has come.
At this very instant, you must listen.
Pay close attention.
Can you remember the time before we came to live in this shack?
I don't think you can, because you weren't even three years old.
Of course I can, sir.
What do you remember?
Some house or person?
Tell me about anything you see in your memory.
My memories seem distant and far away, more like a dream than something that I can be sure really happened.
Didn’t I have four or five women who took care of me?
You did  and even more than that, Miranda.
But how is it possible that you can remember all this?
What else do you remember through the darkness and abyss of passing time?
If you remember something about your life before you came here, you may also remember how you arrived here.
But I don’t remember that.
Twelve years ago, Miranda, twelve years ago, your father was the Duke of Milan, a prince with great power.
Sir, aren’t you my father?
Your mother was good and honest, and she said you were my daughter.
And your father was Duke of Milan, and you were his heir, a princess of the same noble birth as her parents.
My God!
What crimes were committed against us that we ended up here?
Or was our coming here a blessing?
Both, both, my girl.
We were forced from our old positions by crimes, as you call them.
Oh, it breaks my heart to think about how sad it must make you to be reminded of these events that I don’t remember!
Please, though, continue.
My brother, your uncle, whose name is Antonio  I beg you, listen carefully
Sir, very closely.
Oh, good sir, I am.
Please, pay attention to me.
I neglected all things related to ordinary life or politics, and dedicated myself entirely to seclusion in order to improve my knowledge of topics that have more value than is commonly believed.
Your story would cure deafness.
Oh, my God!
I would be wicked if I had anything other than good thoughts about my grandmother.
But good women sometimes give birth to bad sons.
Now listen to outcome of their secret alliance.
Alas, how sad!
I can’t remember crying then, but now I’ll cry about it all over again.
This story wrings tears from my eyes.
Listen to a little more, and I’ll tell you everything up to our current situation, which is the entire reason why it’s necessary for me to tell you this story at all.
Good question, my dear girl.
My story does indeed bring up that question.
My God!
Oh no, you were a little angel who kept me alive.
How did we land here?
With the help of God.
If only I could meet that man someday.
Now I will stand up.
Sit still, and listen to the rest of the story of our sad times at sea.
May God thank you for it!
You should know this much: by a strange chance, the goddess of luck    has brought my old enemies to this island.
Come here, servant, come.
I’m ready now.
Approach, my Ariel, come.
Greetings, great master!
Noble sir, greetings!
I’ve come to do whatever you would like, whether it’s to fly, swim, jump into fire, or ride upon the clouds.
Whatever you want done, ask Ariel and all his many skills, to do it.
Spirit, have you created and controlled the storm exactly as I told you to?
Down to the last detail.
I boarded the king’s ship.
My splendid spirit!
Was anyone on the ship so strong and steady that the uproar of this storm did not make him crazy?
Every person on the ship was like a madman and did desperate things.
Everyone except the sailors jumped into the rough sea to escape the ship that I had set on fire.
The king’s son, Ferdinand, with his hair standing straight up looking like reeds instead of hair was the first one who jumped, shouting, “Hell is empty, and all the devils are here!
”
Hey, well done, my spirit!
But did this happen near the shore?
Close by the shore, my master.
But are they all safe, Ariel?
Not even a hair was harmed on anyone’s head.
Tell me what you did with the king’s ship, the sailors, and all of the other ships in the king’s fleet.
Ariel, you performed your task exactly as I asked.
But there’s more work required.
What time of day is it?
Past noon.
At least two hours past.
We must treat the time between now and six o'clock as precious, and waste none of it.
Is there more work to do?
Since you’re giving me new chores, let me remind you what you promised to me but haven’t yet actually done for me.
What?
You’re feeling moody?
What is it that you would demand from me?
My freedom.
Before the time of our deal is up?
Stop right there!
Have you forgotten the torture from which I freed you?
No.
I don’t, sir.
You lie, you evil thing!
Have you forgotten the awful witch Sycorax, who was so old and filled with anger that she was so stooped over?
Have you forgotten her?
No, sir.
You have.
Where was she born?
Speak.
Tell me.
In Algiers, sir.
Oh, was she really?
I’ll have to tell the story again every month, since you seem to forget it.
This damned witch Sycorax was thrown out of Algiers for committing so many crimes and performing magic too terrible to even describe.
There was just one reason why they didn’t kill her.
Isn’t that true?
Yes, sir.
This hag  with bags under her eyes  was brought to this island while pregnant, and was left here by the sailors.
You, my slave, as you yourself have said, were her servant then.
Yes, Caliban, her son.
I already said that, you stupid thing.
Caliban, who I now keep as a servant.
You know better than anyone the pain you were in when I found you.
Your groans made wolves howl, and made perpetually angry bears feel pity for you.
I thank you for that, master.
If you continue to complain, I’ll split an oak tree and lock you inside its wooden trunk until you’ve howled for twelve years.
Forgive me, master.
I’ll obey your commands and perform all my work as a sprite both pleasantly and ungrudgingly.
Do that, and in two days I will give you your freedom.
My noble master!
What should I do for you?
Tell me.
What?
Go and make yourself look like a sea nymph.
Be invisible to everyone other than to me and yourself.
Go take this shape, and then return in that form.
Go and do it, carefully.
Wake up, my dear, wake up!
You have slept well.
Wake up.
The strangeness of your story made me drowsy.
Shake off your drowsiness.
Come on.
We’ll go and visit Caliban, my slave who never has anything nice to say to us.
He’s a bad person, father.
But as it is, we can’t manage without him.
He builds our fires, gathers our firewood, and performs useful work.
Hey there!
Caliban!
You pile of dirt, you!
Answer me.
You have enough wood in your shack.
Come here, I tell you!
There’s other work for you to do.
Come here, you slow turtle!
Come on!
A pretty spirit!
My clever Ariel, listen closely.
My lord, consider it done.
You vicious slave, fathered by the devil himself with your wicked mother, come here!
For saying that, rest assured, I’ll give you cramps, pains in your sides that will make it hard to breathe.
Goblins shaped like hedgehogs will come out at night when they are free to act, and do their worst to you.
Every inch of you will be stung, and each sting will hurt more than beestings.
It’s time for my dinner.
This island is mine, given to me by my mother Sycorax.
You lying slave, who responds only to whipping and not to kindness!
Oh ha, oh ha!
I wish I’d done it!
You stopped me.
You taught me language, and all I gained from it is that I now know how to curse.
May you die of the plague for teaching me your language!
You son of a hag, get going!
Bring us firewood.
And you’d better be quick, because I have other work for you.
No, I beg you.
I must obey.
His magic is so powerful that he could even defeat Setebos  the god that my mother used to worship  and make him into his servant.
Well then, slave, go!
Bow  wow.
The watchdogs bark.
Woof, woof!
Listen, listen!
I hear, the song of the strutting rooster who cries “cock a doodle doo.
”
Where is that music coming from?
From the air or the ground?
It’s no longer playing probably it plays for some god of this island.
Ding dong.
Listen, I hear them ringing the bell.
Ding dong, bell.
This little song is in honor of my drowned father.
This is not something done by mortals.
Nor is it a sound that could come from the normal world.
Lift the tasseled curtains of your eyelids, and tell me what you see over there.
What is it?
A spirit?
Lord, it’s looking all around!
Believe me, sir, it is very good looking.
But it must be a spirit.
No, my girl!
It eats and sleeps and has the same senses as we do.
The gentleman you see was in the shipwreck.
And, even though he’s marked by grief  which always spoils beauty  you could describe him as handsome.
He’s lost his friends and is wandering around trying to find them.
I might describe him as a god, because I’ve never seen anything on earth that looked so noble.
Everything is happening, I see, just as my soul hoped it would.
Obviously, this must be the goddess for whom the music is playing!
Please answer my prayer, and let me know if you live on this island, and explain to me how I should behave here.
I’m not some wondrous being, sir.
She speaks my language!
God, I’m the highest ranking person of all the people who speak this language.
What?
The highest ranking?
What would happen to you if the King of Naples heard you say that?
The same thing I am doing now as I stand here amazed to hear you mention Naples.
He does hear me, and it makes me cry that he hears me.
Oh, that’s awful!
The real Duke of Milan and his even finer daughter could control you right now, if now were the right time to do it.
They’ve fallen in love at first sight!
I’ll set thee free for this.
Why is my father speaking to him so rudely?
Oh, if you’re a virgin, and you haven’t given your love to someone else, then I’ll make you the queen of Naples.
Wait, sir!
I have one more thing to say.
No, I swear on my honor as a man!
Nothing evil could ever exist in a body this attractive.
If the devil had a house as beautiful as his body, then good things would fight to live in it.
Follow me.
Don’t speak in his defense.
He’s a traitor.
Come, I’ll chain your neck and feet together.
You’ll have only sea water to drink.
Your food will be fresh water mussels, old roots, and empty acorn shells.
Follow me.
What?
I beg you, Father.
Go away!
Don’t grab my clothes.
Father, have pity on him.
Silence!
If you say another word, I’ll scold you, maybe even hate you.
What, you’re taking the side of an impostor?
Then my love is humble.
I have no desire to see a more handsome man than this one.
Come on.
Obey me.
Your muscles are like those of a baby, without strength or energy.
They are.
My strength is all tied up, as if in a bad dream.
The loss of my father, the physical weakness I feel, the destruction of all my friends, the threats of this man who’s captured me would be like nothing to me, if I could just look through my prison windows once a day and see this girl.
I would not need to have the freedom to go anywhere else in the world.
A prison like that would give me all the space I needed.
It’s working!
Come on.
You’ve done well, Ariel.
Follow me.
Listen to what else you should do for me.
Take comfort, sir.
My father is more kind and gentle than his words make him seem.
The way he just acted is unusual for him.
You’ll be free as the mountain winds.
But first you must do everything I command.
Every little thing.
Come, follow me.
Don’t defend him.
I beg you sir, be happy.
You, like all of us, have good reasons to be joyful.
Please, be quiet.
Sir
The clock strikes one.
Count it.
A dollar.
Yes, dolor comes to him.
Though you did not mean to, you have said the truth.
You took what I said more seriously than I meant it.
Therefore, my lord
Goodness, he just talks and talks and talks!
Please, stop.
Well, I’m basically finished.
But still
He insists on talking.
The old rooster, Gonzalo.
I’ll take the young rooster, Adrian.
You’re on.
What does the winner get?
A good laugh.
It’s a deal!
Though this island seems to deserted
Ha, ha, ha!
You got your prize.
Uninhabited, and almost inaccessible
Next he’ll say “but”
But
He couldn’t not say it.
It seems to be mild and gentle, and to have a temperate climate.
Ah, Temperance  she was quite an alluring girl.
Yes, and, as Adrian described so smartly, she was a subtle one in bed, too.
The air here is like a fresh, sweet breath.
As if the island had lungs rotten lungs.
As if the air was perfumed by a swamp.
This island contains everything that is good for life.
True.
Except anything you could actually use to live.
There’s none of that, or just a little.
The grass looks so rich and healthy!
It is so green!
The ground is actually brown.
With a tinge of green in it.
He doesn’t miss a thing.
No, he just misses the actual truth entirely.
But the unbelievable thing is and this is really almost hard to imagine
As by definition most unbelievable things are.
That our clothes  which were drenched in sea water   continue to be fresh and clean, and in fact seem almost new rather than stained by the salt water.
If just one of the pockets on his clothes could speak, wouldn’t it say that he’s a liar?
Yes, or just try to hide and suppress the lie.
I think our clothes are as fresh now as they were when we put them on in Africa to attend the marriage of the king’s beautiful daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis.
The wedding was wonderful, and we’re doing just great on our journey back home.
Tunis has never before had such a perfect beauty for a queen.
Not since the time of the widow Dido .
Widow!
To hell with that!
Why is he calling her a widow?
Widow Dido ha!
Next thing you know, he’ll be saying “widower Aeneas.
” Good Lord, how can he interpret the story in that way?
“Widow Dido,” did you say?
I'd have to look into that.
Dido was from Carthage, not Tunis.
Tunis used to be Carthage, sir.
Carthage?
I promise you, it was Carthage.
What incredible thing will he do next as if it was nothing?
I think he’ll carry this island home in his pocket and give it to his son as an apple.
And throw its seeds in the sea to make more islands grow.
Yes, that's exactly what I would do.
Well, sure it is.
Sir, we were discussing that our clothes seem just as clean as they did when we were in Tunis at the wedding of your daughter, who’s now queen.
The most remarkable queen that's ever been there.
Except for the widow Dido, if I may say so.
Oh, the widow Dido?
Of course, the widow Dido.
Sir, isn’t my jacket as clean as the first time I wore it?
I mean, in a way.
When I wore it at your daughter’s wedding.
You keep pushing these words into my ears that I don’t have any desire to hear.
If only I had never sent my daughter to Tunis to be married!
Sir, he may still live.
I saw him swim over the waves and ride upon their backs.
No, no, he’s dead.
Please, be quiet.
The heaviest loss is mine as well.
My lord Sebastian, despite the truth in your words, what you're saying is unkind and inappropriate at this time.
You’re rubbing salt in his wounds when you should be bringing him bandages.
All right.
That Gonzalo is quite the doctor, isn't he?
Noble sir, we all feel under the weather when you’re feeling gloomy.
Under the weather?
Far under.
If I colonized this island, my lord
He’d grow useless, stinging nettle plants all over it.
Or weeds.
He wouldn’t get drunk because there isn't any wine.
In my commonwealth I’d do everything in the opposite way from what's normal.
I wouldn’t allow any business.
There would be no judges.
There would be no school or learning.
No riches, poverty, or servants.
None of that.
No contracts, inheritance, privately owned land, farming, or vineyards.
None of that.
Though he'd be the king of this land with no kingship.
His colony is ending up a long way from where it began.
Nature would produce everything people needed, and all of it would be shared equally by all.
There’d be no treason, crimes, swords, spears, knives, guns, or need for any other weapon.
Without any human help, nature would grow bountiful harvests to feed my innocent people.
Would there be no marriage among those he ruled?
None, my man.
They'd do nothing.
They’d all be whores and scoundrels.
May God protect his Majesty!
Long live Gonzalo!
And are you listening to me, sir?
Please, no more.
What you're saying to me is meaningless.
We were laughing at you.
But in all of your silly little jokes, you see me as nothing.
So go on, laugh at nothing.
What an insult he just made!
Too bad it fell so flat.
You are courageous gentlemen.
You’d give the moon a helpful push if it got stuck in the same spot of its orbit for five weeks.
My good lord, please don’t be angry.
I promise you, I’m not.
I wouldn't risk my reputation for self  control for such a tiny thing.
Will you laugh me to sleep?
Go to sleep, and we'll laugh.
What, is everyone asleep so quickly?
I wish my eyes would close and I could sleep, so that I could stop thinking.
In fact, my eyes are starting to close.
Please, sir, don't refuse the opportunity to sleep.
Sleep rarely comes to people who are grieving.
When it does come, it gives comfort.
The two of us, my lord, will guard you while you rest and make sure that you're safe.
Thank you.
I’m extremely tired.
It's so strange how all of them suddenly got so tired!
There's something in the climate here.
Then why aren’t our eyelids closing?
I’m not feeling tired at all.
Me neither.
I’m full of energy.
They all fell asleep together, as if they’d all agreed on it earlier.
They fell asleep as if they’d all been struck by lightning.
What might happen, noble Sebastian, what might happen if ?
No, I shouldn't say any more.
And yet, I think I can see in your face what you have the potential to be.
Opportunity is knocking on your door, and my imagination sees a crown coming to rest on your head.
What, are you awake or asleep?
Don’t you hear me speaking?
I do, and it certainly sounds like the language of dreams, like you're talking in your sleep.
What is it that you said?
Noble Sebastian, by not seizing this opportunity you’re letting this chance sleep no, die even while you are wide awake.
You have a strange way of snoring.
It sounds like you're speaking actual words.
I'm more serious right now than I usually am.
You should be too, if you listen to me.
Like standing water, I'm not moving at all.
I'll teach you how to move, to act.
Do that.
As a younger brother who cannot inherit the throne, I’m naturally lazy.
Oh, if you only knew how ambitious you truly are, even while you mock ambition!
Please, continue.
There’s something in your face and eyes that indicates you're talking about something serious, and that  like giving birth  you're finding it hard to actually get it out.
Here it is, sir:  Although this lord with the bad memory and who won't be remembered by anyone when he’s dead and buried almost persuaded the king    that the king's son is alive, it’s impossible that he didn't drown.
I also hold no hope that he survived.
Oh, but from that “no hope” arise amazing hopes for you!
He’s dead.
Then, tell me, who is now the heir to the throne of Naples?
Claribel, Alonso's daughter.
What is this?
What are you talking about?
A distance whose every inch seems to scream, “How can Claribel ever follow us back to Naples?
Stay in Tunis, and let Sebastian get his good fortune.  "
Imagine that instead of these men sleeping here, they were dead.
Well, they'd be just as badly off as they are now.
I think I do.
And how do your feelings about what I've just said affect your chances at good fortune?
I remember that you overthrew and replaced your brother Prospero.
True.
And look how well that position suits me far better than the one I had before.
Back then, my brother’s servants were my equals.
Now they work for me.
But what about your guilty conscience?
Ah, yes.
Where is my conscience?
If a conscience were a blister on my heel, I'd put my slippers on.
But I don't feel this "conscience" in my chest.
I'll use your experience as a model, my friend.
Just as you got Milan, I’ll get Naples.
Take out your sword.
We'll both draw our swords.
When I raise my sword, you do the same, and bring it down to kill Gonzalo.
Oh, just one more thing.
Now let’s do this quickly.
Angels above protect the king!
Why, what’s happening?
Hey, wake up!
What’s going on here?
While we stood here on guard while you were asleep, we just now heard a tremendous thundering that sounded like bulls, or lions.
Isn't that what woke you?
It sounded awful to me.
I didn’t hear anything.
Oh, it was loud enough to frighten a monster, or to cause an earthquake!
Surely, it must have been the roar of an entire herd of lions.
Did you hear it, Gonzalo?
Sir, I swear that I did hear a strange humming sound, which woke me up.
I shook you, sir, and cried out.
When I opened my eyes, I saw their raised swords.
There was a noise, that’s true.
It would be best if we either set a constant guard here, or left this place entirely.
Let’s take out our own swords too.
Lead us away from this place, and let's go search some more for my poor son.
May God protect Ferdinand from those lions.
Because I’m sure he’s on the island.
Lead on.
My lord Prospero will know what I’ve done.
So, King, continue on in safety and search for your son.
May all the sicknesses that grow in swamps, marshes, and wetlands strike Prospero so that, little by little, he becomes nothing more than a disease!
His spirits are spying on me, but I just have to curse him.
Unless he tells the spirits to, they won’t pinch me; frighten me by appearing as hedgehog shaped goblins; push me in the mud; or lead me the wrong way like a false guide in the night.
Look, right there, look!
Here comes one of his spirits to punish me for bringing back the wood too slowly.
I’ll lie down, flat on the ground.
Maybe he won’t notice me.

There aren’t any bushes or shrubs here to offer me even a little protection from the weather.
And another storm is coming.
Oh no, the storm is returning!
The best thing for me would be to crawl under his cloak.
There’s no other shelter nearby.
When times are tough, you’ll end up close to the strangest people.
I’ll cover myself up here until the last of the storm passes.
STEPHANO enters, singing.
Don’t punish me.
Oh!
What’s happening?
Are there devils here?
Are you trying to trick me with these savages and men from the Indies, huh?
I didn’t escape from drowning only to be frightened by your four legs .
This spirit is torturing me.
Oh!
This is some four legged monster of the island, who seems to have some kind of fever, as far as I can tell.
How the devil did he learn our language?
But since he does, I'll try to give him some relief from his pain.
If I can get him better, tame emperor that ever trod on neat’s leather.
Don’t punish me, please.
I’ll bring the wood home faster.
He’s having a fit, and saying things that don't make sense.
I’ll give him a taste of the wine from my bottle.
If he’s never drunk wine before, it’ll go a long way to stop his fit.
So far you haven’t hurt me much.
You will soon, though, I can tell by your trembling.
Prospero made you do this.
Come on now.
Open your mouth.
As the saying goes, "This good liquor will make a cat talk.  "
Open your mouth.
This’ll put an end to your trembling I can tell you that for sure.
You can't even recognize a friend.
Open your mouth again.
I think I recognize that voice.
Four legs and two voices this is a very unique monster.
The voice near the front of him is speaking kindly about his friend.
The voice near the back of him shouts curses and abusive language.
Even if it takes all the wine in my bottle, I’ll cure his fever.
Come on.
Amen to that!
I’ll pour some in your other mouth now.
Stephano!
Is your other mouth calling my name?
Save me, save me!
This is a devil, not a monster.
I'm getting away from him.
I'd be a fool to get involved with the devil.
Stephano!
If you are Stephano, touch me and speak to me.
Because I’m Trinculo don’t be scared your good friend Trinculo.
If you are Trinculo, then come out from under there.
I’ll pull on you by these smaller legs.
If any of these four legs are Trinculo’s, these small ones are them.
You're really Trinculo!
How did you end up being this monster’s excrement?
Does he defecate Trinculos?
I thought that he'd been killed by a bolt of lightning.
But aren’t you drowned, Stephano?
I hope now that you’re not drowned.
Is the storm over?
I hid under this dead monster’s cloak because I was afraid of the storm.
Are you actually alive, Stephano?
Oh, Stephano, two of us from Naples survived the shipwreck!
Please, don't spin me around.
My stomach’s not feeling well.
These are handsome beings, if they’re not spirits.
That one's a noble god, who carries liquor from the heavens.
I'll bow down before him.
How did you escape the shipwreck?
How did you end up here?
Swear on this bottle of wine how you got here.
I swear on the bottle  which I made myself from the bark of a tree after I washed up on shore  that I survived by grabbing onto a barrel of wine that the sailors threw overboard during the storm.
I’ll swear on that wine bottle in order to become your loyal subject, because that wine must come from heaven.
I swam ashore, man, like a duck.
I can swim like a duck, I swear it.
Here, kiss the Bible .
Though you can swim like a duck, you look like a silly goose.
Oh Stephano, do you have any more of this wine?
I have the whole barrel, man.
I keep it in my wine cellar a cave by the seaside, where I've stowed away the wine barrel.
What’s going on, monster?
How is your fever?
Have you come down to this island from heaven?
We come from the moon, I promise you.
Once upon a time, I was the man in the moon.
I’ve seen you in the moon, and I love you.
My mother showed you to me, as well as your dog and bundle of sticks .
I’ll show you every inch of good land on this island.
And I’ll kiss your feet.
Please, be my god.
Now I can see that he’s a lying, drunken monster.
When his “god” falls asleep, he’ll steal the wine bottle.
I’ll kiss your feet.
I’ll take an oath that I’m your loyal subject.
Come on, then.
Kneel down and swear.
I’m going to laugh myself to death at this foolish monster.
A disgraceful monster.
I could find it in my heart to beat him
Now, kiss my feet.
except that the poor monster is drunk.
A repulsive monster!
I’ll show you the best sources of fresh water.
I’ll pick berries for you.
I’ll fish for you and gather enough firewood for you.
May the tyrant I’m serving now die of the plague!
I won’t carry any more wood for him.
What a ridiculous monster, to see a poor drunk man and think him a miracle.
Please, let me show you where you can catch crabs to eat.
Please, lead the way without doing any more talking.
Trinculo, since the king and everyone else we were with have drowned, we’re the rightful owners of this place.
Here, carry my wine bottle.
My good friend Trinculo, we’ll fill that bottle again soon.
Goodbye, master!
Goodbye, goodbye.
A singing, drunken monster.
Oh, splendid monster!
Lead on.
Some games are difficult, but the effort they require contributes to the pleasure they give.
Some kinds of dishonorable manual labor are undertaken for noble reasons.
Oh, please, I beg you, don’t work so hard.
I wish the lightning had burned up these logs that you’ve been commanded to stack in a pile!
Please, put the log down and rest.
When this wood burns, it will cry because it made you tired.
My father is hard at work studying.
So please, rest.
We’re safe from my father for the next three hours.
Oh, my dear lady, the sun will set before I've finished the work I've been told to do.
If you'll sit down, I’ll carry your logs for a while.
Please, give them to me.
I’ll carry it to the pile.
The work would suit me as much as it suits you, and it would be easier for me because I want to do it, whereas you do not.
Poor little thing, you’re overwhelmed by love!
These lovesick words prove it.
You look tired.
No, noble lady.
When you’re nearby, I’m as fresh and strong as I am in the morning  even at night.
I beg you so that I can mention it in my prayers what is your name?
Miranda.
Oh, Father, I’ve broken your command to me by telling him that!
Admired Miranda!
You do indeed deserve the utmost admiration, as much as the most treasured thing in the world!
I don't know a single woman, or even seen a woman’s face except my own in the mirror.
I’ve also never met any other men than you, my friend, and my dear father.
Do you love me?
I'm such a fool to cry at the thing that makes me happy.
What a beautiful encounter between two people so utterly in love!
May heaven shower blessings on the love growing between them!
Why are you crying?
I’m crying at my cowardice for not daring to give you what I want to give you, much less take what I’m dying to have.
You’ll be the one I adore, my dearest.
You'll be my husband, then?
Yes, with a heart as eager to become a husband as any slave has ever wanted freedom.
Here's my hand.
And here's mine, with my heart in it.
And now goodbye until half an hour from now.
A million goodbyes.
Don’t tell me that.
When the wine barrel is empty, we’ll drink water.
“Servant monster?” What foolishness is found on this island!
They say there are just five people on the island.
We’re three of them.
If the other two are as crazy as us, our country is going to collapse.
Drink when I tell you to, servant monster.
Your eyes look sunk into your head.
Where else should his eyes be sunk?
He’d be quite a remarkable monster if his eyes were sunk in his tail.
Make him your lieutenant, please.
We’ll never run in our army, Sir Monster.
Or even walk.
Instead you’ll lie there like sleeping dogs and say nothing.
Monster, if you want to be a good monster, please say something.
How are you, my lord?
Let me lick your shoe.
I won’t serve him.
He’s not brave the way you are.
You’re lying, you most ignorant monster.
I’m so brave I would go brawl with a police officer right now.
Why, you drunk fish, you: has any coward ever drunk as much wine as I have today?
Are you telling such monstrous lies just because you’re half fish, half monster?
Look, he’s making fun of me!
Will you let him do that, my lord?
“Lord,” he says?
That monster is such an idiot!
Look, look, he’s mocking me again!
Please, bite him to death.
Trinculo, if you don’t have anything nice to say, don’t say anything at all.
And if you don’t listen to me, I’ll hang you from the next tree.
This poor monster is my loyal subject, and I refuse to let him be insulted.
Thank you, my noble lord.
Now would you be willing to listen once again to the request I made to you before?
Indeed , I will.
Kneel and repeat your request.
As I told you before, I’m enslaved to a tyrant, a magician who used his magic to steal the island from me.
You lie.
No you are lying, you joking monkey, you!
I wish my brave master would kill you.
I did not lie.
Trinculo, if you interrupt his story again, I swear by my hand, I’ll knock out some of your teeth.
But I didn’t say anything.
Quiet, then, no more.
Continue.
I was saying: he used magic to take over this island.
He took it from me.
If your Highness will take revenge on him because I know that you're brave enough to do it, though this thing  wouldn't dare
That’s obvious.
You’ll be lord of the island, and I’ll serve you.
How can all this be accomplished?
Can you bring me to him?
Yes, yes, my lord.
I’ll take you to him when he's asleep, then you can smash a nail into his head.
You lie.
You can’t do that.
What a motley fool he is!
You are a wretched fool!
Please, your Highness, punch him a few times and take his wine bottle away from him.
When he doesn't have that, he’ll drink nothing but salt water  because I won't show him where the freshwater springs are.
Trinculo, stop trying to cause trouble.
Why, what did I do?
I didn’t do anything.
I need to move away from you.
Didn’t you just say that he lied?
You lie.
Oh, do I?
Take that, then.
There's more where that came from if you say that I'm a liar again.
I didn’t say you were a liar.
Are you out of your mind, and deaf, too?
A curse on your wine bottle!
This is what drinking wine does to you.
May your monster get the plague, and you can go to hell!
Ha, ha, ha!
Now, continue with your story.
Trinculo, please, stand farther away.
Beat him up some more.
After a little while, I’ll beat him up too.
Stand even farther away, Trinculo.
All right, continue.
Well, as I told you, it’s his habit to take a nap in the afternoon.
Is she really such a splendid girl?
Yes, my lord.
Monster, I will kill this man.
His daughter and I will be king and queen God protect our royal selves!
and you and Trinculo will be our governors.
Do you like that plan, Trinculo?
Excellent.
Give me your hand.
I’m sorry I beat you up.
But for as long as you live, be more polite when you speak.
In the next half an hour he’ll be asleep.
Will you kill him then?
Yes, I swear on my honor.
I’ll tell my master about this.
You make me glad.
I’m full of happiness.
Let’s have some fun.
Will you sing the song you taught me a short while ago?
Monster, whatever you ask for I'll do, so long as it's reasonable.
Come on, Trinculo, let’s sing.
That’s not the song.
What is this song?
That’s the song you were singing, played by nobody.
If you’re a man who's playing that music, show yourself.
If you’re a devil, then you can go to hell.
Oh, forgive me for all my sins!
The man who dies pays the ultimate debt.
I defy you, devil!
God bless us.
Are you scared?
No, monster, not me.
Don’t be frightened.
The island is full of noises, sounds, and sweet music that will delight you and not hurt you.
Sometimes I hear a thousand instruments playing in my ears, and sometimes I hear voices that send me back to sleep even if I had just woken up.
And once asleep again, I dream of clouds that open up to show that they carry riches, which will soon drop down on me like rain.
This will be a splendid kingdom for me to rule.
Once you kill Prospero.
That will be done soon.
I remember our plan.
The sound is going away.
Let’s follow it, and complete our plan after that.
Lead on, monster.
We’ll follow.
I wish I could see this drummer.
Coming, monster?
I’m right behind you, Stephano.
I swear on the Virgin Mary, I can’t go any further, sir.
My old bones are aching.
It's like we're walking in a maze, with some paths straight and some crooked.
If it's all right with you, I need to rest.
Old lord, I can’t blame you, since I’m so tired that I'm becoming sad.
Sit down and rest.
In this spot I'm going to give up all hope.
The one whom we're trying to find  and getting ourselves lost in the process  is drowned.
I’m very glad he’s lost all hope.
Don’t give up on the plan we agreed to carry out just because we failed in our first attempt.
When we get another opportunity, we'll take it.
Let’s do it tonight, because the men are so exhausted from traveling.
They won't, or can't, be as careful as they are when they have more energy.
Agreed.
Tonight it is.
What is that music?
My good friends, listen!
What marvelous, beautiful music!
May your angels protect us, heaven!
What were those things?
A puppet show with living actors.
Now that I've seen that, I’ll believe that unicorns exist, and that there’s a tree in Arabia where the phoenix lives, with a phoenix sitting in it right now.
If I described this back in Naples, would they believe me?
Would they believe it if I told them that I saw native islanders such as these because they must certainly be natives of the island who despite their unnatural shape have more grace and better manners than you can find among many actually, almost any human beings?
You honest lord, what you've said is true, since some of you right there are worse than devils.
I can’t stop wondering about those shapes and their movements and sounds, which expressed  even without being able to speak  a kind of incredible mute language.
They disappeared in a strange way.
It doesn't matter, since they left their food behind, and we have hungry stomachs.
Would you like to taste some of the food?
Not me.
I promise you, sir, you have nothing to fear.
When we were boys, who would have believed that there were people who lived in the mountains that had pouches of skin hanging down from their necks, as cattle do?
Or that there were men who had their heads in their chests ?
I’ll take the risk and eat.
You’ve put on a great show of being a harpy, my Ariel.
The performance had grace, and yet also a fierce consuming power.
You followed my instructions and left out nothing that I asked you to say.
With a unique attention to detail, even my less powerful servants have performed their different roles with excellent realism.
My magic spells are working, and my enemies are all caught up in their bewilderment.
They are now under my control, and I'll leave them stuck here in their confusion while I visit young Ferdinand  whom they think has drowned  and the darling girl both he and I love.
In the name of all that is holy, sir, why do you stand there staring strangely around?
Oh, it’s awful, awful.
I thought the clouds spoke to me; the winds sang to me; and the thunder roared like the deep and terrible sound of an organ all of them said the name of Prospero.
I’ll fight their entire army of devils, one at a time.
I’ll support you.
All three of them are desperate.
Their guilt  like a poison given time to work in their bodies  now begins to bite at their consciences.
Those who are lively and energetic, I beg you, quickly follow them and stop them from doing whatever this fit of insanity is pushing them to do.
Follow them, please.
I believe it, and would even believe it if an oracle said otherwise.
Then, as a gift from me and as your well earned reward, take my daughter.
Well said.
Sit then, and talk with her.
She is yours.
Come here, Ariel!
My busy servant, Ariel!
What would my mighty master like?
I am here.
You and your lesser friends performed well in your last task, and now I need you to do something similar.
Immediately?
Yes, in the twinkling of an eye.
Before you can say “Come” and “Go"  and breathe twice and shout “So, so!  "
each one of your servants, leaping on their toes, will arrive here with their gestures and silly faces.
Do you love me, master?
Dearly, my lovely Ariel.
Don’t come until you hear me call for you.
Yes, I understand.
I promise you, sir, the pure love I feel in my heart holds back the passion I feel elsewhere .
Good.
Now come, my Ariel!
Come, rich Ceres, and entertain Juno.
To celebrate a marriage of true love, and to give a gift to the blessed lovers.
Tell me, heavenly rainbow, do you know if either Venus or her son Cupid are with the queen?
Don’t be afraid that you will have to see her.
The most powerful queen, Great Juno, comes.
I know her by her walk.
May honor, riches, marriage, blessings, Long life, and ever increasing, Constant joy be always with you.
Juno sings her blessings to you.
The blessings of earth, plentiful harvests, Always full barns and silos, Vines full of clustered grapes, Plants bending under the weight of their fruit  May spring follow Right after the end of autumn’s harvest.
Lack and poverty will never touch you.
That is Ceres’ blessing for you.
This show is an incredible illusion, with enchantingly harmonious music.
Am I right to think that these are spirits that we're watching?
They are spirits that I've called out from their dwellings to perform my current fantasy, all through my magic.
Let me live here forever.
Such a wonderful father in law and wife make this place a paradise.
Quiet for now, darling.
Juno and Ceres are whispering about something serious.
There’s something else they must do.
Be quiet and don't speak, or else my spell will be broken.
I forgot about Caliban’s evil conspiracy with his companions to kill me.
The time for them to act on their plot is almost here.
Well done.
Now leave, no more!
This is strange.
Some strong feeling has deeply upset your father.
I’ve never in my life seen him this angry and upset.
My son in law, you look troubled, as if something has made you upset.
Cheer up, sir.
The show is now finished.
These actors, as I told you, were all spirits, and they’ve melted into the air, thin air.
And like this vision with its towers reaching to the clouds, its gorgeous palaces, its grand temples     the actual world, and everyone living in it, will dissolve just as this illusion has disappeared, leaving not even a wisp of cloud behind.
We are all made of the stuff of dreams, and our small lifespans stretch from the sleep before birth to the sleep after death.
Sir, I’m upset.
Please put up with this weakness of mine.
My old brain is troubled, but don’t be disturbed by it.
Ariel I call you with a thought.
I thank you, Ariel.
Come.
I follow all your thoughts.
What do you want?
Spirit, we must prepare to deal with Caliban.
Yes, my leader.
When I was presenting the show about Ceres, I thought of mentioning Caliban to you, but I was afraid I might make you angry.
Tell me again, where did you leave those villains?
I told you, sir, they were wildly drunk  so full of inflated courage that they were striking at the air with their swords for blowing in their faces, and hitting the ground for touching their feet.
That was well done, my little friend.
Remain invisible.
Go get those cheap, showy clothes from my house.
Here I go, here I go.
Come here.
Please, walk quietly, so that not even a blind mole would hear our feet touch the ground.
We are now near his hut.
Hey, monster, that spirit  who you said is harmless  has done nothing but play prank after prank on us.
Monster, I smell like horse piss, and my nose is not at all happy about it.
Mine too.
Do you hear what I'm saying, monster?
If I become unhappy with you, be careful
You’d be a lost monster.
My good lord, don't give up on me.
Be patient, because the prize I’m bringing you to will cover up the bad luck we had before.
So please speak quietly.
Everything's quiet, as if it's the middle of the night.
Monster, losing those bottles of wine was a loss much worse than disgrace or dishonor.
I'm angrier about losing them than I am about having gotten wet.
Yet you said the spirit was harmless, monster.
Please, my king, be quiet.
Do you see this?
It's the door to his hut.
Give me your hand.
I’m starting to want to spill some blood.
Oh, King Stephano!
Oh, worthy Stephano, look at the clothes hanging here for you!
Ignore it, you fool.
It’s trash.
Oh, right, monster, we know what sort of clothes are nothing more than second hand rags.
And these are good quality.
Take off that gown, Trinculo.
It's yours, your Grace .
May this fool die of a heart attack!
Why are you obsessing over this junk?
Leave the clothes alone, and let's commit the murder first.
If Prospero wakes up, he’ll torment us from head to foot and transform us into something awful.
Be quiet, monster.
Madame clothesline, isn't this my jacket?
Thank you kindly.
Do it, do it.
We’re stealing with a plumb line and carpenter's level, like real professionals, if it please your Grace.
Thanks for that joke.
Here's some clothes in return.
Jokes won't go unrewarded when I'm king of this country.
“Stealing with a plumb line and carpenter's level” is an excellent little joke.
Here’s some more clothes as a reward.
I won’t be a part of this.
We’ll miss our opportunity and we'll all get turned into geese or apes with wretchedly low foreheads.
Monster, use your fingers.
Help to carry these clothes to where my barrel of wine is, or I’ll throw you out of my kingdom.
Get going, carry this.
And this.
Yes, and this.
Hey, Mountain, hey!
Silver.
Follow them, Silver!
Fury, Fury!
Over there, Tyrant, there.
Look, look!
Ariel, go tell my goblin servants to make their joints shake with convulsions, to make them double over with cramps, and cover them bruises so that they have more spots than a leopard or wildcat.
Listen, they’re roaring in pain.
May they be hunted down.
As of now, all my enemies are at my mercy.
Soon all my work will be done, and you’ll be free to fly wherever you want.
Now my plan is coming to its conclusion.
My spells are not breaking, my spirits are obeying me, and everything is running smoothly.
What time is it?
It’s nearly six o'clock, my lord, which is when you said our work would be done.
I did say that what I first created the storm at sea.
Tell me, my spirit, how are the king and his followers?
Do you think so, spirit?
I would, sir, if I were human.
As will I.
I’ll get them, sir.
Some solemn music is the best for comforting and curing restless minds, which right now are useless  burning with passions inside your skulls.
All of you, stand there.
Where the bee drinks, I do too.
In the cup of a cowslip flower is where I lie.
That's where I sleep when the owls hoot.
I fly on a bat’s back Joyfully chasing summer around the Earth.
Happily, happily I will live now Under the blossom that hangs on the branch.
Why, that’s my dainty Ariel singing.
I will miss you, but I will still give you your freedom.
Yes, yes, yes.
Go to the king’s ship, remaining invisible as you are right now.
There you’ll find the sailors asleep below deck.
I’ll speed through the air in front of me, and I'll be back before your heart beats twice.
This is a place of suffering, trouble, awe, and amazement.
May some heavenly power guide us out of this terrifying country!
Look, noble King, I am Prospero, the former Duke of Milan, who was wronged.
To prove to you that it's a real live person speaking to you, I will hug you.
And I wish a warm welcome to you and to those with you.
I don’t know whether or not you’re actually him, or if this is some magic trick designed to make me suffer, like I just was.
Your heart beats like you are a flesh and blood man.
And as soon as I saw you, the madness affecting my mind has eased.
If it's actually true, then all of this requires an extraordinary explanation.
First, my noble old friend, let me hug you.
I can't tell if any of this is real or not.
You’re still affected by the magic and illusions of this island, which make it hard for you to believe that anything is real.
Welcome to all of you, my friends.
The devil is speaking through him.
No.
If you are Prospero, tell us the details of how you survived, and how you met us here when just three hours ago we were shipwrecked and I lost my dear son Ferdinand.
How sharp the pain of this memory is!
I’m sorry about that, sir.
I think that you haven't actually tried patience, which has helped me get through a similar loss and find eventual happiness.
You've faced a loss like mine?
Yes, as great and as recent.
And, to make the loss more profound, I have much less to comfort me than you do, because I lost my daughter.
A daughter?
Oh God, I wish that they were both living in Naples, as king and queen of the country!
To make that happen, I’d sacrifice my own life and lie in the muddy bed beneath the ocean.
When did you lose your daughter?
In the recent storm.
Sweet lord, you’re cheating.
No, my dearest love, I would never do that, not for anything in the world.
If this is just another of the illusions produced by this island, then I’ll lose my dear son twice.
An incredible miracle!
May all the blessings of a happy father surround you.
Stand up, and tell me how you ended up here.
Oh, it's wonderful!
Look how many beautiful creatures there are here!
Mankind is so beautiful!
Oh, splendid new world, that has such people in it!
It’s new to you.
Who is this young woman with whom you were playing chess?
You can’t have known her for more than three hours.
Is she the goddess that separated us and then brought us back together?
Sir, she’s human.
But by God's blessing, she’s mine.
And that makes me her father too.
But oh, how strange it is that I have to ask my child to forgive me!
Please, sir, no more of that.
Let’s not weigh down our memories with a sadness that should be all in the past.
I've just been crying to myself, or else I would have said something before now.
Dear gods, look down from the sky and place a blessed crown on this couple, since it was you who led us on the path that brought us here.
Yes, I say amen to that, Gonzalo.
Was the Duke of Milan thrown out of Milan so that his descendants could become kings of Naples?
Oh, we should celebrate this extraordinary joy, and commemorate it in gold letters, etching them into columns that will last forever.
In just one journey, Claribel found a husband in Tunis; Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife in the place where he was shipwrecked; Prospero found his dukedom on a deserted island; and all of us found ourselves when we could not control our own minds.
Give me your hands.
May grief and sorrow always grip the heart of anyone who does not wish you joy.
So be it.
Amen.
Oh, look, sir, look, sir!
More of us are here.
The best news is that we’ve found our king and his men alive and safe.
Sir, all of what he describes is the work I’ve done since I left you.
My ingenious spirit!
These events are not natural.
They keep getting stranger and stranger.
Tell me, how did you get here?
Sir, if I thought that I was actually awake, I’d try to tell you.
Was the job well done?
Magnificently done, my hard working spirit.
You’ll get your freedom.
Sir, my king, don’t waste your time obsessing about the strangeness of what's happened.
At the right time, which will be soon, I myself will explain and it will be an explanation that you'll think is reasonable about everything that's occurred.
Until then, be cheerful and be generous in your thoughts about each thing that's happened.
Come here, spirit.
Set Caliban and his companions free.
Undo the spell that binds them.
How are you, my king?
Every man help everyone else, and don’t look out only for yourself, because everything that happens is just a product of blind luck.
Courage, you noble monster, courage!
If I can trust my eyes, this is a beautiful sight.
Oh, Setebos , these are really beautiful spirits!
How amazing my master is!
I’m afraid he’ll punish me.
Ha, ha!
What are these things here that we're seeing, my lord Antonio?
Can you buy them with money?
Certainly.
One of them looks exactly like a fish, and must therefore be marketable.
Take a look at the badges they wear indicating for whom they work, then tell me if they are honest.
He’ll torture me to death.
Isn’t this Stephano, my drunken butler?
He’s drunk right now.
Where did he get wine?
And Trinculo is so drunk that he's staggering.
Where did they find the powerful liquor that has made them so drunk?
How did you get so drunk?
I’ve been so drunk since I last saw you that I fear I’ll never get the alcohol out of my bones.
Well, how are you, Stephano?
Oh, don’t touch me.
I’m not Stephano, I’m just a cramp on two legs.
You wanted to be king of the island, sir ?
I would’ve been a dreadful king, then.
This is the strangest thing I've ever seen.
He’s as ugly in his manners as in his appearance.
Go, sir, to my hut.
Take your companions with you.
If you hope for my forgiveness, clean it well.
Yes, I'll do that.
And from now on I'll be smart and always try to be good.
What a magnificent jackass I was, to think this drunkard was a god and worship the dumb fool!
Get going, go.
Go, and return that trash you're wearing to where you found it.
Or stole it, rather.
I can't wait to hear the story of your life, which must be an extraordinary thing to hear.
Now my spells are all finished, and the strength that I have left is just my own  which is quite weak.
Now, it's true, I'll either be kept in this place by you, the audience, or get to go to Naples.
Stop trying to convince me, enamored Proteus!
Are you going, then?
Sweet Valentine, goodbye!
And will you swear on the Book of Love that you'll pray for my success?
I swear I'll pray for you, on some book I love.
That book would contain a silly story of deep love; about young Leander swimming across the Hellespont.
That's a deep story of even a deeper love, since he was head over heels in love.
I am head over boots in love?
No, don't make fun of me.
No, I won't, because it doesn't help me in any way.
What do you mean?
So, judging from this elaborate speech, you're calling me a fool.
So, judging from your situation, I'm afraid you are a fool.
You're complain about love.
Yet writers say that the worm survives by feeding off the sweetest bud, destroying the whole plant.
I'll take you there, Valentine.
No, kind Proteus.
I hope only that you'll find only happiness in Milan!
And I hope you will only have happiness here at home!
And so, goodbye.
God save you, Sir Proteus!
Have you seen my master Valentine?
He just left here, to set off for Milan.
I bet twenty to one that he is on board the ship already, and I have played the sheep by losing him.
Indeed, a sheep wanders very often, if the shepherd is away for a while.
You agree that my master is a shepherd, then?
I do.
Well then, since he owns me, my horns belong to him   whether I am awake or asleep.
That's a silly answer, suitable for a sheep.
This proves that I am still a sheep.
True, and your master is a shepherd.
No, I can deny that with a logical argument.
Well, it may be a challenge, but I can prove it by another argument.
Such an explanation makes me want to say "baa.  "
But tell me: did you give my letter to Julia?
This field is not big enough for such a great quantity of sheep.
If the ground is overcrowded, you'd better slaughter her.
No, you are wandering into error there.
You are mistaken.
From a pound to a pin ?
Multiply and fold it over and over, and it's three times too little for carrying a letter to your lover.
But what did she say?
Yes.
Nodding  yes  well, he's a fool .
Everything you just said makes you an ever bigger fool.
Now that you have taken trouble to put it together, have it as a reward for the trouble you have taken.
Well, it looks like I must be obliged to put up with you.
How do you put up with me, sir?
The devil take me, you are quick witted!
And yet my wit cannot be quicker than your hesitation to pay me.
Come, come: reveal the information.
Open your purse, so that the money and the information can be delivered both at once.
Well, sir, here is for your trouble.
What did she say?
Really, sir, I think you won't be able to win her that easily.
How could you understand so much from her?
What did she say?
Nothing?
No, not as much as "Take this for your troubles.  "
Now that we're alone, tell me, Lucetta: would you advise me to fall in love?
Yes, madam.
Out of the group of beautiful gentlemen that talk to me every day, which man do you think deserves my love the most?
What do you think of the handsome Sir Eglamour?
What do you think of the rich Mercatio?
I think well of his money.
What do you think of the noble Proteus?
Oh God, oh God!
We are ruled by such foolishness.
What?
Why such an outburst of passion at the sound of his name?
Why not judge Proteus like we have judged all the others?
Well, it's like this: I think he is the best one of them all.
Why do you think that?
And would you have me give my love to him?
Yes, if you thought your love wouldn't be wasted on him.
It's interesting that, out of all of them, he has never wooed me.
Yet I think that, out of all of them, he loves you the most.
He gives very few words on the subject; this shows his love is small.
Fire that's the closest to us burns the hottest.
You can't love if you don't show your love.
Oh, those who let men know about their love are the ones who love the least.
If only I knew what he's thinking.
Read this paper here, madam.
It says "To Julia.  "
Tell me, who is this from?
The contents of the letter will reveal that.
Tell me, tell me, who gave it to you?
Valentine's servant.
I swear by my modesty that you're a good intermediary!
Do you dare to presume to hang onto this passionate letter?
To whisper and conspire against my young age?
Now, trust me, it's a powerful position, and you should be up for the challenge.
If not, then don't come to me again.
To ask for love deserves a greater reward than to ask for hate.
Will you leave?
Yes, to give you some time to think about it.
What would you like, your Ladyship?
Is it almost time for dinner?
What did you just pick up so carefully?
Nothing.
Why did you stoop down, then?
To pick up a paper that I dropped.
And that paper is nothing?
Nothing that concerns me.
Let it lie there for the people it's meant for.
Madam, I won't let it lie here, in case someone who it's not meant for intercepts the letter.
Some lover of yours has written you a love poem.
So I may sing it to a melody, madam.
I will indulge you in your joking as little as possible.
You'd better sing it to the melody of "Light o' love .  "
Its content is too serious for such a light melody.
Serious!
Maybe it carries a heavy burden, then?
And why wouldn't you?
I cannot sing at such a high pitch .
Let me see your song!
Come on, you minx!
You don't?
No, madam.
You are too bold, minx.
The middle point is drowned out by your uncontrolled bass voice .
Yes, I am pretending to sing the male part as Proteus would.
I won't let this nonsense trouble me anymore.
I'll make a fuss with this declaration of love!
Ah, I wish I actually felt angry about the letter!
Oh, hateful hands, you tore up such loving words!
Harmful wasps , to feed on such sweet honey and use your sting to kill the bees that give it up!
Madam: dinner is ready and your father is waiting.
Well, let's go.
If you value them, you should pick them up.
I see you like them.
Come, come.
Tell me, Panthino: what were you talking about so seriously with my brother in the cloister?
It was about his nephew Proteus  your son.
What about him?
And you don't need to urge me to do what I've already been thinking about doing all month.
I think your Lordship is aware that Proteus' friend  the young Valentine  is waiting on the Duke of Milan in his royal court.
I know about that.
Sweet love!
Sweet lines!
Sweet life!
What's all this?
What letter are you reading?
If it's all right with your Lordship, it's a word or two of greeting sent from Valentine, delivered by one of his friends who came from him.
Give me the letter.
And what do you think of his wish?
I rely on what you tell me to do, your Lordship.
My wish is somewhat in agreement with his wish.
Look, anything you're missing will be sent to you after you go.
No further talk of lingering around here!
Sir, your glove.
That's not mine.
Well, then, this one may be yours  because this is only one.
Ha!
Madam Silvia!
Madam Silvia!
What's that, sir ?
She's not within earshot, sir.
Who asked you to call her, sir?
Your Worship, sir.
Well, you'll always be too hasty.
And yet, last time I was told off for being too slow.
Oh, that's enough, sir!
Is that the lady whom your Worship loves?
Oh, but how do you know that I'm in love?
By these particular signs: first, you have learned  like Sir Proteus  to fold your arms like a discontented person; to enjoy a love song, like a robin; to walk alone, like someone that has the plague; to sigh, like a school boy that has forgotten the alphabet; to cry, like a young girl that buried her grandmother; to fast, like someone on a diet; to remain awake, as if worried about being robbed; to whine like a beggar on All Saints' Day.
Can you spot all these changes in me?
They are easy to see all around you.
They're visible all around me?
They can't be.
All around you?
Tell me, though: do you know my lady Silvia?
Is she the one that you stare at when she is having dinner?
Have you noticed that?
I mean, yes, that's her.
Well, sir, I don't know her.
So, you know her by my staring at her  and yet you don't know her?
Isn't she ugly, sir?
Not so beautiful, boy, as she is attractive.
Sir, I know that.
What do you know?
That she isn't so much beautiful as preferred by you.
I mean that her beauty is rare, but her charm is never  ending.
That's because the one is artificial , and the other is beyond calculation.
What do you mean, "artificial?"
And how is it "beyond calculation?"
Well, sir, she's so artificial, to make herself beautiful, that no man values her beauty.
Do you think nothing of my judgment, then?
I value her beauty.
You haven't seen her since she was disfigured.
How long has she been disfigured?
Ever since you fell in love with her.
I have loved her ever since I saw her.
You can't see her if you love her.
Why?
Because Love is blind.
What would I see then?
To sum it up, I am in love with her.
I wish you were calm, so that your affection would stop.
Last night she told me to write some lines to someone she loves.
And have you?
I have.
Are they not written badly?
No, boy, I wrote them as well as I could.
Be quiet!
Here she is.
Oh, that's a great puppet show!
Oh, that's a great puppet!
Now he will provide the words for the puppet.
Madam, beloved, I wish you a thousand good mornings.
Oh, good grief!
This is a very excessive display of manners.
Sir Valentine, lover, I wish you two thousand.
Thank you, kind servant.
Perhaps you think it's not worth making so much effort?
A clever pause!
And yet you will.
What do you mean, your Ladyship?
Don't you like the letter?
Yes, yes, the lines are written very skillfully.
But since they are written unwillingly, take them back.
They are for you, madam.
If you'd like, I can write your Ladyship another one.
Madam, if I'm happy with it, then what?
Well, if you're happy with it, take it as a payment for your efforts.
What's that, sir?
What is it you're talking to yourself about?
No, I was rhyming.
To do what?
To speak for Madam Silvia.
To whom?
What device?
The letter!
But she didn't write it to me.
Why would she need to, when she has already made you write it to yourself?
Don't you get the joke?
No, believe me.
I don't believe it, that's for sure, sir.
But did you really think she was serious?
She gave me nothing except for an angry word.
She gave you a letter.
That's the letter I wrote for her lover.
And she has delivered the letter.
I wish it weren't so bad.
I've already dined on beauty.
Be patient, dear Julia.
I have to be patient.
I will return as soon as I can.
If you stay faithful, you will return sooner.
Keep this love token, for the sake of your Julia.
Well then, we'll make an exchange.
And seal the contract with a holy kiss.
Is she gone without saying anything?
Sir Proteus, they are waiting for you.
Go.
I'm coming, I'm coming.
Ah!
Lance, go, go!
It doesn't matter if the tied was lost because it is the unkindest tied that any man ever had.
What's the unkindest tide?
Well, he that's tied here.
Because I'm afraid that you'll lose your tongue.
Where should I lose my tongue?
In your story.
In your tail !
Lose the tide, and the voyage, and the master, and the employment, and the dog!
Come, come away, man.
Sir, call me what you like.
Will you go?
Well, I will go.
Servant!
Mistress?
Master, Sir Turio is frowning at you.
Ah, yes, boy.
Not his love for you.
Love for my mistress, then.
It would be a good idea for you to hit him.
You are sad, servant.
Indeed, madam, I seem sad.
Do you seem what you are not?
Maybe I do.
So do impostors.
So do you.
What do I seem that I'm not?
Wise.
What's the evidence that I'm not wise?
Your foolishness.
And how can you tell that I'm foolish?
I can tell by your sleeveless jacket.
My sleeveless jacket is a doublet .
Well, then, I'll double your foolishness.
How?
Oh, are you angry, Sir Turio?
Is your face changing color?
Let him be, madam.
A chameleon that would rather feed on your blood than live off of the same air you breathe.
Well, you have said it, sir.
Yes, sir, and I am finished too.
I know that well enough, sir.
That's a fine exchange of words, gentlemen.
It is indeed, madam.
Who is that, servant?
You, sweet lady.
Sir, if you waste a word with me, I shall bankrupt your wit.
No more, gentlemen.
Now you are besieged by suitors, my daughter Silvia.
My lord, I would be thankful for any happy message from home.
Do you know Don Antonio?
Doesn't he have a son?
Do you know him well?
If I could have wished for something, it would have been for him to come here!
Welcome him, then, according to his worth.
Perhaps she has now freed his eyes, and instead chosen another man's vow of loyalty.
No, I think she still holds his eyes as prisoners.
Indeed, Lady: Love has twenty pair of eyes.
They say that Love is blind.
Love is blind to such lovers as yourself, Turio.
Enough, enough!
Welcome, dear Proteus!
Mistress, I beg you to welcome him with a special favor.
His worth is a guarantee for his welcome here, if this is the same man that you have often wanted to hear from.
I am a mistress too humble to have such a superior servant.
I will only boast of my sense of duty, nothing else.
I'll die fighting with anyone who says that  except for you, of course.
Anyone who says that you are welcome?
Anyone who says that you are worthless.
Madam, my lord  your father  would like to speak to you.
I will come to please him.
Come, Sir Turio, go with me.
We both serve your Ladyship.
Now, tell me: how are things from where you've come?
Your friends are well, and they send their hearty greetings.
And how are your friends?
They were all well when I left them.
How is your lady doing?
And how is your love?
That's enough.
I can read it all from your eyes.
No.
Call her divine.
I won't flatter her.
Oh, then flatter me.
Except for my mistress.
Do I not have a reason to promote my own?
Valentine, what's with your bragging?
Then let her be alone and remain unique.
But she loves you, doesn't she?
Will you hurry?
I will.
Lance!
I swear by my honesty: welcome to Milan!
Don't swear falsely by that, sweet boy, because I am not welcome.
Indeed, after they genuinely hugged each other, they said goodbye cordially, as a bit of a joke.
But will she marry him?
No.
Then what?
Will he marry her?
No, not that either.
What, have they broken up?
No, they are together; as whole as a fish .
Well then, what's the problem that caused their falling out?
Indeed, this is the problem: when things are going well for him, then she is well.
You are such an idiot!
I don't understand you.
You are such a blockhead that you can't understand me!
My staff understands me.
What do you say?
It stands under you, yes.
Well, stand under and under stand is the same thing.
But tell me truth: will there be a wedding?
Ask my dog; if he says yes, it will.
So then it will!
'Tis well that I get it so.
I never knew him as anything else.
Anything else than what?
A notorious lubber  a clumsy fool, as you have just said he is.
Ah, you bastard ass, you aren't understanding me!
You fool, I didn't mean you.
I am telling you that my master has become a passionate lover.
I am telling you that I don't care if he burns himself in love.
Why?
Because you don't have enough charity in you to go to the pub with a Christian.
Will you go?
I'm at your service.
Ah, the journey is tiring and long!
You'd better have patience until Proteus returns.
Oh, don't you know that his looks are the food that my soul feeds on?
It's a pity that I have to waste away in a famine, because I have been longing for that food for so long.
If you only knew the inward touch of love, you would as soon light a fire with snow as try to extinguish the fire of love with words.
I don't want to suffocate your love's hot fire, but instead moderate the fire's extreme power  so it doesn't burn beyond what's reasonable.
The more you try to moderate it, the more it burns.
But what clothes will you wear?
Well, then your Ladyship must cut your hair.
In what style shall I make your pants?
That's as if you were asking: "Tell me, my good lord, in what perimeter will you wear your petticoat?"
In any style that you like, Lucetta.
You should have the pants with a codpiece , madam.
Get out, Lucetta!
That's unheard of!
Pants aren't worth anything unless you have a codpiece to pin on them.
Lucetta, since you love me, let me have anything that you think is appropriate.
But tell me, girl, what will the world think of me for going on such an immodest journey?
I am afraid that it will be a scandal.
If you think so, then stay at home and don't go.
No, I won't do that.
Then don't worry about getting a bad reputation and just go.
If Proteus is happy that you came when you arrive, it doesn't matter who is unhappy when you are gone.
All these things simply help deceitful men in their treachery.
They are lowly men that use them to such a lowly effect!
I hope to God that he'll prove to be true when you go to him!
Sir Turio, leave us alone for a while, please.
Now, what did you want to tell me, Proteus?
I swear on my honor that he will never know that I heard any of this from you.
Goodbye, my Lord.
Sir Valentine, where are you going so fast?
Are these letters important?
They just talk of my health, and how happy I am at your court.
Your Grace, what do you want me to do about this?
But she refused a gift that I sent her.
A woman sometimes refuses what she likes the best.
Well then, I would go to her at night.
What prevents you from entering her room through her window?
Now, since you are a gentleman from a good family, tell me where I may find such a ladder.
When would you need it?
Please tell me when, sir.
I'll get you this ladder by seven o'clock.
Would a coat as long as yours work?
Yes, my good lord.
Any coat will be work, my lord.
How can I get used to wearing a coat?
Please, let me try yours.
What's this letter?
What does it say?
"To Silvia!  "
This is a device suitable for the very scheme I have been planning.
I'll be so bold as to break the seal for once.
And why don't I die rather than live in torment?
Run, boy, run, run; and look for him.
Oh, oh!
What do you see?
Valentine?
No.
Who then?
His ghost?
Not his ghost neither.
What then?
Nothing.
Can nothing speak?
Master, shall I hit it?
Who would you hit?
Nothing.
Rogue, stand by.
But sir, I won't hit anything, I swear
I said, stand by, sir.
Valentine, my friend, speak to me.
My ears are blocked up and can't hear good news, since they have been packed with so much bad news already.
Then I will bury my news in silence, because my news is harsh and bad.
Is Silvia dead?
No, Valentine.
Then, indeed, there will be no Valentine for sacred Silvia.
Has she rejected me?
No, Valentine.
There will be no Valentine, if Silvia has rejected me.
What is your news?
Sir, it has been announced that you are vanished.
That you are banished!
Oh, that's the news!
Oh, I have already heard this bad news  and now more of it will make me ill.
Does Silvia know that I am banished?
Lance, if you see my boy, tell him to hurry up and meet me at the North Gate, please.
Go find him, sir.
Come, Valentine.
Oh, my dear Silvia!
Unfortunate Valentine!
Here is the list of her attributes.
"In the first place: She can bring and carry things.  "
How are you, Mr.   Lance?
What is the news with your Mastership?
With my master's ship ?
It's at sea.
Ah, your old bad habit!
You didn't understand the word.
The blackest news that you've ever heard.
How black, man?
As black as ink.
Let me read the news.
Damn you, idiot!
You can't read.
You lie.
I will test you.
Tell me, who conceived you?
Indeed, my grandfather's son.
Oh, you illiterate slowpoke!
Come on, you fool, come on!
Start reading here, and may St.   Nicholas help you!
"In the first place: She can milk.  "
Yes, that she can do.
"Next: She makes good beer.  "
And that's where the proverb comes from: "Bless your heart, you make a good beer.  "
"Next: She can stitch.  "
That's as if we were to say: "Can she really?"
"Next: She can knit.  "
Why does a man need a dowry from a woman when she can knit him a stocking?
"Next: She can wash and scrub.  "
That's a special virtue, because then she doesn't need to be cleaned and rubbed clean.
"Next: She can spin thread.  "
Then I may have an easy life, when she can spin for a living.
"Next: She has many inexpressible qualities.  "
That's as if we were to say that she has illegitimate children that don't know their fathers, and, therefore, have no names.
"Here are her bad qualities.  "
Right after the list of her virtues.
"Next: She shouldn't be kissed before she has eaten, because of her breath.  "
Well, that fault can be fixed by breakfast.
Carry on reading.
"Next: She has a sweet tooth.  "
That makes up for her sour breath.
"Next: She talks in her sleep.  "
That doesn't matter, as long as she doesn't sleep when she talks.
"Next: She is slow with words.  "
Oh, you rogue!
"Next: She is greedy.  "
"Next: She doesn't have any teeth.  "
I don't care about that one either, because I love to eat crusts.
"Next: She is bad tempered.  "
Well, at least she has no teeth to bite me with.
"Next: She drinks liquor often.  "
"Next: She is too unrestrained.  "
"Next: She has more hair than wisdom; and more faults than hair; and more money than faults.  "
"Next: She has more hair than wisdom, "
More hair than wisdom?
It very well may be; let me prove it logically.
"And more faults than hair, "
That's outrageous!
"And more money than faults.  "
That fact makes the faults acceptable.
Well, I'll have her; and if it's a match, since nothing is impossible
Then what?
Then I'll tell you that my master is waiting for you at the North Gate.
For me?
And must I go to him?
Since his departure, she has hated me the most.
She's rejected my company, and ranted so abusively at me that I have no chance in gaining her favor.
This weak impression of love is a shape cut out ice, which will dissolve into water and lose its form if you heat it for an hour.
A little time will melt her frozen thoughts, and she'll forget all about worthless Valentine.
How are you, Sir Proteus?
Is your friend gone, just like our announcement says?
He's gone, my good lord.
My daughter grieves over his departure.
It will take just a little time for her grief to be over, my lord.
I believe so too, but Turio doesn't think so.
Since you've shown some signs that you deserve the good opinion I have of you, I feel more inclined to talk to you.
Thou know'st how willingly I would effect The match between Sir Turio and my daughter.
Yes, and she continues to do so.
What could we do to make her forget her love for Valentine, and to love Sir Turio instead?
The best way is to speak badly of Valentine  speak of his falsehood, cowardice, and low social status.
Yes, but she'll think that this criticism is motivated by hatred.
Then you have to speak badly of him.
Yes, that's the poetry inspired by heaven.
This teaching shows that you have been in love.
And I'll put your advice to practice tonight.
Therefore, sweet Proteus, my giver of directions: let's go to the city at once, to choose some gentlemen who are skilled musicians.
I have a sonnet that will work; it will do the trick, according to your good advice.
Get on with it, gentlemen!
We'll wait for your Grace until after dinner, and then we'll determine what to do afterwards.
So get on with it now!
I excuse you.
Be ready, guys.
If there are ten of them, don't hesitate.
My friends
No, sir.
Quiet!
Let's hear him out.
Yes, I swear by my beard that we will.
Where are you heading?
To Verona.
Where did you come from?
From Milan.
Did you stay there for a long time?
Around sixteen months; we might have stayed longer if such bad luck hadn't come my way.
What, were you banished from there?
I was.
For what crime?
Well, since it was done in that way, you don't have to regret it.
But were you banished for just this small crime?
I was, and I was glad to get such a reasonable sentence.
Can you speak any foreign languages?
Thanks to the traveling I did in my younger years, I am accomplished in speaking other languages.
By the bare head of Robin Hood's fat priest , this guy would be a king for our wild group!
We'll have him.
Sirs, a word.
Master, you should be one of them!
Quiet, rogue!
Tell us: do you have any resources?
Nothing apart from my fortune.
And I was banished from Mantua because I stabbed a gentlemen in the heart in a rage.
What do you say?
Will you be a part of our company?
But if you reject what we offer you, you'll die.
You won't live to boast about what we've just offered you.
I accept your offer and will live with you  but only if you won't commit any acts of violence on defenseless women or poor travelers.
No, we hate such vicious practices.
I have already lied to Valentine, and now I have to be unfair to Turio.
How are you, Sir Proteus?
But I do, sir.
Whom do you love?
Silvia?
Yes, Silvia  in your name.
Thank you, for your own sake, that you made your meaning clear.
Now, gentlemen, let's play and do so heartily!
My young guest, I think you're melancholic.
Indeed, I can't be happy, my host.
But will I hear him speak?
Yes, you will.
Now that will be music.
Listen, listen!
Is he among these gentlemen?
Yes, but quiet!
Let's hear them!
What's this?
Are you sadder than you were before?
What's wrong, man?
The music doesn't please you.
You're wrong.
Why, my pretty young boy?
He plays out of tune, old man .
Out of tune on the strings?
You have a sharp ear.
I see that you don't enjoy music.
Not at all, when it sounds discordant like this.
Listen, what a nice variation in the music!
Yes, that change is what vexes me.
You would have them always play only one melody?
I would always have one play only one melody.
But, host, does this Sir Proteus that we are talking about come to see this gentlewoman often?
Where is Lance?
He's gone to look for his dog, which he must carry to his lady as a present tomorrow  as his master ordered.
Quiet!
Let's back up.
Where should we meet?
At Saint Gregory's Well.
Goodbye.
Madam, good evening to your Ladyship.
Thank you for your music, gentlemen.
Who was the man that spoke to me?
One whose voice you would quickly learn to recognize, if you knew the truth of his pure heart.
I take it that it's Sir Proteus.
Sir Proteus, noble lady.
What's your intent?
That I may fulfill your wishes.
I agree, sweet love, that I did love a lady.
I also heard that Valentine is dead.
Sweet lady, let me gather your buried love from the earth.
He didn't hear that.
If this picture of Silvia were a real live woman, you would be unfaithful to it.
I feel like the wretches who have to wait overnight for an execution in the morning.
Host, will you go?
By all I consider holy, I fell asleep.
Tell me, where is Sir Proteus staying?
Indeed, at my inn.
Trust me, I think it's almost day.
Who's calling me?
Your servant and your friend.
Sir Eglamour, a thousand times good morning.
This evening.
Where shall I meet you?
At Friar Patrick's cell, where I intend to make a holy confession.
You can rely on me, your Ladyship.
Have a good morning, gentle lady.
Good morning to you, too, kind Sir Eglamour.
Is your name Sebastian?
I like you, and so I'll give you a job to do soon.
I'll do whatever you'd like, if I can.
I hope you will.
What's this?
You bastard peasant!
I carried the dog to Mistress Silvia like you asked me to, sir.
And what does she say to my pretty little dog?
But did she receive my dog?
Wait a second!
He is a rascal that continuously makes me ashamed!
It seems that you didn't love her, since you parted with her token.
Is she dead?
No, I think she is alive.
Ah!
Why do you cry, "Ah?"
I can't help myself: I feel sorry for her.
Why should you feel sorry for her?
Well, give her that ring, and with it, this letter.
That's her room there.
Tell my lady that she should keep her promise and give me her heavenly picture.
Once you deliver the message, go home to my room, where you will find me sad and alone.
How many women would carry such a message?
Ah, poor Proteus!
You have employed a fox to be the shepherd of your lambs.
Oh, I am a poor fool!
Why do I pity the man who hates me with his heart?
Good day, gentlewoman!
I beg you to take me where I can speak with Madam Silvia.
What do you want with her?
If you are her, then I ask you to patiently hear the message I am sent here to deliver.
A message from whom?
From my master, Sir Proteus, madam.
Oh, he sends you here for a picture.
Yes, madam.
Ursula, bring my picture here.
Madam, please read this letter   Wait!
Please, let me look at that one again.
No, I don't think that's a good idea, good madam.
Wait a moment!
Madam, he sends your Ladyship this ring.
He should be ashamed for sending it to me, because I have heard him say a thousand times that his Julia gave him this ring when they said goodbye.
Though his false finger has abused the ring, my finger will not do his Julia so much wrong by wearing the ring.
She thanks you.
What did you say?
I thank you, madam, that you care for her.
Poor gentlewoman!
My master has really wronged her.
Do you know her?
She probably thinks that Proteus has abandoned her.
I think she does, and that's why she is mourning.
Isn't she beautiful?
How tall was she?
She is indebted to you, gentle boy.
Ah, poor lady, abandoned and left behind!
I cry just thinking about your words.
And she will thank you for it, if you ever meet her.
Good evening to you, lady!
Amen to that!
Sir Proteus, what does Silvia say about my wooing?
Oh, sir, I think she is more gracious than she was before.
What?
No, it's because your legs are too thin.
I'll wear boots to make my legs look a bit thicker.
But love won't be inspired by something it hates.
What does she say about my face?
She says it's pale.
How does she like my conversation?
She doesn't like it when you talk about violence.
Then, what does she think when I speak about love and peace?
It's better when you just keep silent.
What does she say about my bravery?
Oh, sir, she has no doubt of that.
She doesn't need to doubt your bravery, because she knows that you're a coward.
What does she say about my noble ancestry?
That you are well descended.
True.
Oh, yes, and she feels sorry for them.
Why?
Because such an ass owns them.
That they are borrowed or rented and not entirely in your possession.
Here comes the Duke.
Sir Proteus!
How's it going?
And Turio, how are you?
I didn't.
Neither did I.
Have you seen my daughter?
Not her either.
Well, then, she has run away to find that peasant Valentine, and Eglamour has accompanied her.
Well, she's a foolish girl for fleeing from a good courtship when it follows her.
And I'll follow  because I love Silvia more than I hate Eglamour, who accompanies her.
And I'll follow, so I can frustrate Proteus' love  not because I hate Silvia, who has left for love's sake.
Come, come and be patient.
A thousand misfortunes greater than this one have taught me how to endure this patiently.
Come, bring her here.
Where is the gentleman that was with her?
He moved quickly and lightly, so he outran us.
Oh, Valentine, I bear all of this for you!
Increasing familiarity can make people feel more at home, no matter where they are!
What I see and hear is like a dream!
Love, give me patience to wait for a while.
Oh, I am miserable and unhappy!
But your loving advances make me very unhappy.
And when he makes those advances to you, Silvia, it makes me unhappy.
If I were taken by a hungry lion, I would rather have been the beast's breakfast than have the false Proteus rescue me.
I would take on any fight  even a deadly one  just for one loving glance!
Oh, it's still proved true that love's curse is a woman who cannot reciprocate love.
No, when Proteus can't reciprocate love.
Who takes a friend into consideration when it comes to love?
All men do, except Proteus.
Oh God!
I'll force you to give in to my desire.
Rascal, stop that rude, brutish behavior, you wicked friend!
Valentine!
You are an ordinary friend that's without faith or love.
My shame and guilt overcome me.
Oh, I am unhappy!
Take care of that boy.
Boy!
Come on, boy!
What's the matter?
Look up and speak.
Where is that ring, boy?
Here it is.
Let me see.
But this is the ring I gave to Julia!
But how is it that you have this ring?
I gave it to Julia when we said goodbye.
Julia?!
Is that you?
Look at me, the women who was once the object of all your promises.
I received them deeply in my heart.
Than for men to be unfaithful!
That's true.
Oh heaven!
If only man could be faithful, then he would be perfect.
Heaven, be my witness.
And I will keep mine.
A prize, a prize, a prize!
Stop, stop, I say!
It is my lord, the Duke.
It is I, a dishonored man  the banished Valentine  who welcomes Your Grace.
Sir Valentine!
There's Silvia, and Silvia is mine.
You are all the more degenerate and lowly, because you went to such lengths to win her, and then just left her based on such insubstantial grounds.
Thank you, your Grace.
I'll grant your request, whatever it may be.
And as we walk along, I will dare to be bold with our conversation  so I can make your Grace smile.
What do you think of this boy, my lord?
I think the boy is charming.
What do you mean by that?
If you wish, I'll tell you while we walk  and you will marvel at what has happened.
I think the King of Sicily is planning to visit the King of Bohemia this coming summer   .
The parties we throw might not be much to be proud of, but we make up for it with heart!
Oh, come on
No, really, I'm being honest we can't compete with such over the top, such amazing I don't even know what to say.
We'll have to spike your drinks so that you get really groggy and won't be able to compliment or criticize our party.
You don't have to pay us back for anything; everything we give is a gift.
I don't think anything in the world could change it.
Otherwise, would they be happy to die?
Yes, if they had nothing else to live for.
If the king didn't have a son, they would want to hang onto life in their wheelchairs until he did!
I'm leaving tomorrow, sir.
I'm tougher than you give me credit for!
I can't stay any longer.
Just one more week?
Really, tomorrow.
We'll say goodbye in a week, and after that I won't argue any more.
Please, stop pushing me.
Hermione, are you tongue tied?
Say something!
Sir, I'd planned to stay quiet until you'd pushed him to the point of swearing not to stay.
You're too hard on him.
Well said, Hermione.
No, ma'am.
Oh, please, won't you?
Truly, I can't.
"Truly!  "
You can keep putting me off with promises, but even if you swore by all the stars in the sky, I'd still say, "Sir, you're staying.  "
Then I'm not your jailer; I'm your kind hostess.
Come on, I'll ask you all about your and my husband's shenanigans back when you were kids.
And wasn't my husband the bigger troublemaker out of you two?
Should we take that to mean that you've slipped up since then?
Oh, you virtuous woman!
And wasn't that lucky!
Have you convinced him yet?
He'll stay, sweetheart.
He wouldn't when I asked!
Hermione, you've never spoken better.
Never?
Never, except once.
What?
Have I said the right thing twice?
When was the first time?
That was definitely "grace ," wasn't it?
Too far, too far!
Friendships that get too close always end with the "friends" having sex.
Yes, sir.
Goodness gracious!
There's my little chickadee.
Is that some dirt on your nose?
They say it looks just like mine.
Yes, of course, sir.
Is Leontes all right?
He seems a little upset.
Hey, are you all right?
How are you, brother?
No, really, I'm fine.
See how our bodies give us away, giving other people a chance to laugh at us!
No, sir, I'll fight.
You will?
Well, lucky me!
Brother, do you love your son as much as I seem to love mine?
If you need us, we'll be in the garden.
They say I'm like you.
Well, that's comforting.
Hey, Camillo, is that you?
Yes, sir.
Mamillius, go play.
That's a good boy.
Did you notice that?
He wouldn't stay when you asked.
Did you pick up on that?
Because the good queen asked.
The matter, sir!
I think most people can understand the fact that Polixenes is staying here longer.
Ha!
He's staying here longer.
Yes, but why?
To satisfy you and because of your lovely wife's invitation.
"Satisfy!  "
"Satisfy" my wife's invitation!
That says it all.
I've trusted you, Camillo, with my darkest secrets.
That can't be, sir!
Is whispering nothing?
Leaning against each other, touching cheeks?
Rubbing noses?
French kissing?
Laughing until you can't breathe?
Here's one you can't ignore playing footsie?
Hiding in corners?
Sir, please stop believing this sick lie, and soon; it's really dangerous.
Say that it's true.
No, no, sir.
Who infected her?
Just stop there, and go to hell!
Well, sir, then you should put on a happy face and go back to have dinner with Polixenes and Hermione.
I'll do it, sir.
And I'll put on a happy face, like you told me.
Poor Hermione!
But what am I supposed to do?
This is weird, I think I'm starting to be less popular here.
Why isn't he saying anything?
Hello, Camillo.
Greetings, sir!
What's new at court?
Nothing special, sir.
I'm afraid to know, sir.
Afraid?
What?
I'm contagious?
Don't talk about me like I'm a basilisk ; I've looked at thousands of people, and they've been fine.
I can't say.
I'm contagious, even though I'm not sick?
You have to explain.
Go on, Camillo.
He ordered me to murder you.
Who ordered you, Camillo?
The king.
Why?
He thinks actually, he swears as confidently as if he saw you do it or told you to do it himself that you're having a secret affair with Hermione.
Well, then I might as well be dying of cancer and be named Judas Iscariot .
How did this happen?
I believe you; the look on his face said it all.
Give me your hand: if you lead me out of here, you can continue to work for me as my servant.
My ships are ready and my people are, too, because they had expected to leave two days ago.
Leontes is jealous of a very special woman and, because she's so special, his jealousy is intense; because he's a powerful king, his jealousy will be violent, too, and because he thinks he's been betrayed by his best friend, his revenge will be horrific.
I have the power to tell the gatekeepers to unlock the gates whenever I want, so just let me know when you think we should leave.
Come on, sir, let's go.
Come here, little man.
No, I don't want you.
Why not, little man?
You'll kiss me too hard and talk to me like I'm still a baby.
I love you better.
And why's that, sir?
Who taught you this?
I learned it from women's faces.
I have a question: what color are your eyebrows?
Blue, sir.
She's looking really pregnant all of a sudden.
What are you all talking about?
A happy story, or a sad story?
As happy as you want it to be.
Let's hear it, then.
"There was a man
No, come and sit down.
Come on, then, and whisper it in my ear.
Did you find him?
His servants?
Was Camillo with him?
I am so blessed I knew it; I was right.
If only I knew less!
This blessing is a curse!
Camillo had the power to open them he's done it many times at your command.
Ah, I knew that.
Is this a joke?
But I say it wasn't him, and I am sure you will believe me, even if you were inclined to think otherwise .
If the worst villain in the world said that, he'd be twice as evil just for saying so.
You've made the mistake, sweetheart: mistaking Polixenes for Leontes.
No; I swear on my life.
There was nothing to know.
You'll regret this when you come to your senses you'll regret the You thus have publish'd me!
Is anyone listening to me?
Who's coming with me?
Begging your pardon, Leontes, but I need some women to come with me on account of the pregnancy.
Go, do what I say!
Please, sir, tell the queen to come back.
Everyone shut up.
Sir
Stop, no more.
What, you don't believe me?
And I wish, sir, that you'd thought this out in your head and never said it aloud.
Why would you say that?
Either you're the most ignorant old man I've ever met or you were born an idiot.
Well done, sir.
Though I'm satisfied and don't need to know anything more than I already know, the oracle will put other people's minds at ease, especially those ignorant nonbelievers who can't stomach the truth.
I decided it was a good idea to keep Hermione in prison so that she didn't try to escape like Polixenes and Camillo.
And everyone's laughing at him and at us, if truth be told.
I know your reputation, and I have a lot of respect for you.
Well then, please take me to the queen.
Here's ado, To lock up honesty and honour from The access of gentle visitors!
Is't lawful, pray you, To see her women?
any of them?
So please you, madam, To put apart these your attendants, I Shall bring Emilia forth.
All right, then, call her.
You may all leave.
Well, so be it, then.
This is a lot of hullabaloo to make an innocent woman look guilty.
How's Hermione doing?
A boy?
I swear damn the king's crazy delusions!
Tell her, Emilia.
And God bless you for that!
I'll go to the queen.
I'll buy that.
Yes, sir?
How's Mamillius doing?
It's hard to see him like this!
You can't come in here.
That's enough.
Ma'am, he hasn't slept tonight, and he demanded that no one be allowed into his room.
Not so fast, sir; I came to help him get to sleep.
Hey, what's that noise?
It's not just noise, sir, it's an important discussion about godparents for you.
What?
Get this ridiculous woman out of here.
Antigonus , I told you not to let her get to me.
Sir, I told her not to come near you, and explained that you    would both be angry with her if she did.
Oh, so you're not the boss of her?
"Good" queen?
This place is full of traitors!
I'm no traitor, sir, I swear.
She is yours and, as the saying goes, she's like you to a fault.
If you hang all the husbands who can't keep their wives quiet, you won't have any subjects left.
For the last time, get her out of here!
A king as despicable and unfit to rule as you can't do much more.
I'll have you burned to death.
If you're loyal to me, you better get her out of this room!
Please, don't push me, I'll leave.
Sir, take care of you child since she is yours.
May God send her a guardian angel!
You traitor, you told your wife to do this.
My child?
Get it out of here!
You're all liars.
You think my mind will be changed that easily, like a feather carried on the wind?
Oh, it will be possible.
Swear by my sword that you'll do what I say.
I will, sir.
Listen closely and do exactly what I tell you.
I'll swear to do this, though it would have been more merciful to just kill it.
Nope, I won't raise someone else's kid.
Sir, they've been much speedier than expected.
The weather's fantastic, the air is fresh, the island is lush, and the temple is even more beautiful than everyone says it is.
I'll talk about the thing that impressed me the most: the super spiritual lifestyle    and discipline of the priests.
Hopefully the reading of the prophecy is as successful as our journey   .
It was a great, enjoyable, quick trip, but we can only hope it was worth the time.
Dear Apollo , help it all go well!
I don't like these accusations against Hermione one bit.
The king has ordered that the queen appear at court in person.
Silence!
Read the indictment .
That may be true of people who've actually done such things; it has nothing to do with me.
So you won't admit it?
You knew he was planning to leave, and you very well know what you've been working on in his absence.
We swear to all of this.
Break the seal and read it.
Hermione is virtuous, Polixenes is blameless, Camillo is a loyal subject, Leontes is a jealous tyrant, The baby is his biological daughter, And the king will have no heir Until he finds that which is lost .
Bless you, Apollo!
Praise Apollo!
Have you read the truth?
Sir, the king, the king!
What's going on here?
Oh sir, please don't shoot the messenger.
The prince, your son, out of worrying so much about his mother, is gone.
What do you mean, "gone?"
He's dead.
Oh, woe is me!
My heart is about to break !
What's the matter with you, ma'am?
You tyrant, what tortures do you have in store for me?
Stretch me on the rack?
Burn me at the stake?
Boil me in oil?
God forbid!
I said she's dead; I'll swear it.
So you're sure we've arrived in Bohemia?
May the gods' will be done!
Get back on board the boat; I'll be back in a minute.
I am glad at heart To be so rid o' the business.
What, art so near?
I have seen two such sights, by sea and by land!
Bless my soul.
I wish I would have been there to have helped the old man!
I wish you would have been alongside the ship, to have helped it, too, though that would have been pretty difficult.
That's heavy stuff!
Heavy stuff!
But lookee here, boy.
Cross your heart you came across the dying, and I came across something that's newborn.
Here's a sight for you: look, a blanket for a gentleman's baby!
Lookee here, pick it up now, pick it up, boy, and open it!
So, let's see: I've got an idea the fairies have made me rich.
This is a changeling open it.
What's it say, boy?
Go on ahead with your findings.
That's a good thing to do.
If you can tell from what's left who he is and where he's from, bring me there to see him.
Yes, sir, I will, and you can help me bury him.
I reveal all joy and terror, good and bad, mistakes made and mistakes paid for  to the benefit of some and to the detriment of others.
Sir, I haven't seen the prince for three days.
I'm not sure what he's up to, but I have noticed that he's been away from court a lot and that he's been neglecting his princely duties more than usual.
I've heard that, too, and I'm afraid you've put your finger on the bait that's lured my son away.
I'm happy to do as you say.
Atta boy, Camillo!
Let's put on disguises.
When daffodils begin to bloom,
roll around in the grass with your lover Since spring, the best time of the year, is here, After a winter of waiting and wanting.
The clean white sheets hanging out to dry
and the birds' beautiful singing Have me hankering for a hook up.
I'm no snob an ugly girl satisfies as much as any other.
The lark that chirps, "tweet, tweet!  "
(  Say "hey!  "
If I do this right, I'll catch him.
I can't do it without a calculator.
Let's see: what do I need to buy for the sheep shearing party?
Oh, woe is me!
What in the world?
Oh, help me, help me!
Get these rags off me, so I can die in peace!
You poor thing!
In that case, you need clothes to be buried in, not for what's left of your clothes to be taken away.
Man, these ugly rags hurt me more than the millions of punches and kicks I just received.
Oh, poor man!
A million punches and kicks can do a lot of damage.
Was it someone on horseback, or walking?
Walking, my friend, walking.
Oh, thank you, sir carefully, ow!
Ah, poor thing!
Oh, man, carefully!
I think I've broken my shoulder blade.
Really?
Can you stand?
Carefully, my friend, very carefully .
.   .    You've really helped me out.
Do you need money?
I can give you a little money.
What kind of guy was it that robbed you?
Vices, yes, that's what I meant.
He's the worst!
How are you feeling now?
Do you want me to come with you?
No, you sweet, caring man, you.
God bless you, my friend!
You don't have enough money in your wallet to purchase those spices.
Sweetheart, I hate to correct your over  exaggerations please forgive me for pointing them out.
I'm thankful for the day my falcon landed on your father's farm.
May God keep you safe here!
I'm afraid of the consequences; you've been sheltered enough to not know what fear is.
I'm terrified of what would happen if your dad showed up here by chance the way that you did.
I hope Lady Luck is on our side!
Shame on you, daughter!
Why don't you care for them?
I've heard people say that engineering their multicoloredness is "playing God .  "
Maybe you're right, but humans can't create anything in nature that doesn't already have the potential to exist; the "engineering" that you say is contrary to nature is actually enabled by nature itself.
I suppose you're right.
Then you should grow lots of gillyvors and stop calling them "bastards.  "
Oh, stop it!
What, like a dead body ?
Everything you do is even more wonderful than what you did before.
You have nothing to be afraid of as far as that's concerned.
I'll swear to that.
Come on, start the music!
Hey, cut that out!
I won't say a word; I'll be perfectly polite.
Come on, start the music!
Hey, shepherd: who's the young guy dancing with your daughter?
She's a great dancer.
Perfect timing, let him in!
This guy has some serious guts.
Believe me, you've already sold us on this guy.
Is he selling anything else?
Please bring him in, and have him sing on the way.
And please ask him not to use any inappropriate language in his songs.
These traveling salesmen sometimes have more to them than you might think, sis.
Yes, brother, more than I want to think about.
If I weren't in love with Mopsa, I wouldn't spend any money, but since I am in love, I'll have to buy some ribbons and gloves.
You promised to get them for me before the feast, but they're just as good now.
Unless people are lying, he's promised you more than that .
Do you ladies have no manners?
Is this how you treat each other?
Isn't there some other place where you could call each other names, instead of doing it here in front of all our guests?
I'm through.
Come on, you promised me some lace and a pair of pretty gloves.
Didn't I tell you how I was tricked and lost all my money?
Sir, it's true that there are tricksters out there, so it's always smart to be aware.
Don't worry; you're in no danger here.
I hope not, considering how much merchandise I have with me.
What do you have here?
Ballads?
Here's one    about how a banker's wife gave birth to twenty money bags and how, during the pregnancy, she had cravings for snakes' heads and grilled frogs.
Do you think it's true?
Very true, and only a month old.
I'll never marry a banker!
Please buy it.
All right, set it aside, but let's look through more ballads first.
Is it really true?
Five judges verified it, and there were countless witnesses.
Put that one aside.
This is a funny ballad, but it's pretty, too.
Let's have some funny ones!
We learned the tune of it a month ago.
I can sing my part; it's my job, of course.
Get out of here; I have to go Somewhere you can't follow.
Where?
Oh, where?
Where?
Since you promised to be my boyfriend, You shouldn't have any secrets from me.
Me too; let's go there together.
Are you going to the forest, or the town?
Whichever it is, it's a mistake.
Neither.
What do you mean, "neither?"
Neither.
You said you'd be my boyfriend.
No, you said you'd be my boyfriend!
So where are you going?
And you'll pay well for them.
Do you want to buy any ribbons Or lace to decorate your coat, My beautiful girl, my dear?
Any silk, any thread, Any hats or bows for your hair Of the newest and best there is?
Come to the traveling salesman.
Tell them to go away!
No, this is the kind of thing we like!
They're waiting at the door, sir.
What comes next?
This young shepherd speaks beautifully about a beautiful woman.
I'd written you off but, since you ask, I'll listen.
Listen, and be a witness.
And my friend, too?
Fair enough.
It sounds like you really love her.
Perdita, do you feel the same way about him?
I can't speak as well as he does; not at all, and my words' meaning couldn't be better than his.
Take each other's hands; let's make a wedding contract!
The only fortune I need is your beautiful daughter; when my father dies, I will have more money than you've ever dreamed of.
But, come on, let's swear to our contract before these witnesses.
Give me your hand.
Just a minute, shepherd .
I do.
Does he know about this?
He doesn't and he never will.
I think fathers are usually important guests at their sons' weddings.
Another question: has your father gone senile?
Is he ancient and in poor health?
Can he speak?
Hear?
Recognize people?
Take care of his property?
Is he bedridden?
Is he basically like a child again?
Tell him.
I can't.
Please, let him know.
No, he can't know.
I'm serious; he can't know.
Let's sign the contract.
Oh, my heart!
I'll have your beautiful face scratched with thorns until you're uglier than your ugly poverty.
Ruined, at the last minute!
What do you say for yourself, shepherd?
Speak or you die.
I can't speak; I can't think or wrap my head around what I know now.
Why are you looking at me like that?
I won't try it, then.
You're Camillo, right ?
That's me, sir.
I've told you so many times that this would happen!
I've been saying that I'd be ruined as soon as we were found out!
You should think this through .   .   .
This is irresponsible, sir.
Maybe so, but it's keeping my promise and therefore it's the right thing to do.
Perdita, come here.
I can't change his mind; he's decided to leave.
Now, Camillo: I've been so caught up with all this that I've been rude.
Sir, I think you're familiar with my reputation for service through the work I've done for your father.
Camillo, that would basically be a miracle, but how can we do it?
You would be a superhero and I'd never doubt you again.
Have you thought about where you'll go?
But Camillo, what reason for visiting can I make up?
Say your father sent you to greet him and to bring him gifts.
I'll do exactly as you say.
Oh, you think so?
Camillo, she's so far beyond her lower class origins; she's basically as noble as you and I.
I would say "it's too bad she hasn't had an education," but she seems more capable than most teachers I know.
I beg your pardon, sir.
My beautiful Perdita!
But we're in a sticky situation.
Camillo, you've rescued my father and now me; you're a life saver.
Ha, ha!
No, my letters will get there before you arrive and will clear up any doubt.
And the letters you'll get from King Leontes
will satisfy your father.
Thank you!
You're so generous.
Who have we here?
We'll make use of this; we can't overlook anything that might help us.
If they just overheard me, I'm dead.
Hello, sir!
Why are you shaking?
Don't be afraid; no one's going to hurt you.
I'm a poor man, sir.
I'm a poor fellow, sir.
I know exactly who you are.
Come on, now, get your clothes off.
Are you serious, sir?
This must be a trick.
Get on with it, please.
Ah, I can see you're serious, but I can't take your clothes in good conscience.
Unbuckle, unbuckle.
Perdita, I hope my plan works out for your sake!
I guess I'll play the part I've been given.
There's nothing we can do about it.
Are you all dressed?
My own father wouldn't recognize me now.
No, you don't need a hat.
Come on, Perdita.
Goodbye, friend.
Goodbye, sir.
Perdita, are we forgetting anything?
Let's talk.
I pray we have a quick journey!
Camillo, we're off to the seaside.
The quicker the better.
Well, look where you are now!
The only thing to do is to tell the king she's a changeling and not your biological daughter.
No, listen to me.
No, listen to me.
Go on, then.
If they had actually gotten married and you were his brother in law by now, he'd hate you even more, and the price on your head would be even higher.
Very smart, boys!
I'm not sure how this will get in the way of Florizel's departure.
Let's hope he's at the palace.
To the palace, if it please you, sir .
We're simple people, sir.
That's a lie!
It seemed like you were going to try to expose us for lying, but you've just revealed that you're the liar.
Are you a courtier or not, sir?
Whether I like it or not, I'm a courtier.
Can't you see my courtly clothes?
Don't I walk like a courtier?
Smell like one?
Look down my nose at you like one?
Just because I'm asking you questions, you think I'm not a courtier?
I'm a courtier from head to toe and I have the power to help you to court or to stop you right there.
I have some business with the king, sir.
And who is pleading your case to him?
I don't know, sir.
"Advocate" is court speak for "pheasant;" say you don't have one.
Thank God I'm not an idiot!
But, since there but for the grace of God go I, I won't look down on them.
He must be a really important courtier.
His clothes are fancy, but he's not wearing them elegantly.
What about the bag?
What's in the bag?
And why the box?
Old man, you're out of luck.
Why, sir?
Do you think so, sir?
Have you heard anything about the old man having a son, sir?
If it please you, sir?
After I have done what I promised?
Yes, sir.
Well, give me that part of it.
Are you a part of this business?
Isn't that comforting?
I trust you.
We are blessed to have met this man.
Let's get going and do what he says.
If I were a good man, maybe I'd make even more money than I do as a criminal.
I think you're right.
Killed?
The woman I killed?
You're one of those men who want him to marry again.
No one but Hermione herself deserves that role.
Her lips were precious, and you should consider yourself lucky they ever kissed you.
You speak the truth.
If she had that power, she'd be justified in doing so.
She would, and she'd force me to murder my new wife.
I should think so.
No eyes are as beautiful as hers were.
Don't be afraid of me marrying a wife, Paulina; I won't marry a new wife.
Will you swear never to marry unless I give you permission?
Never, Paulina, God bless my soul!
Then, gentlemen, bear witness to his promise.
You're playing to his weakness.
He won't marry again unless another woman, the spitting image of Hermione, crosses his eye.
Ma'am
I'm done.
Paulina, I won't marry until you tell me.
That will be when your first queen breathes again, and not a moment sooner.
What is he doing here?
Very few people, and most of them are peasants.
Did you say he has his princess with him?
Yes, the most beautiful woman I think I've ever seen.
Really?
Women, too?
Oh, my brother!
I'm thinking through the wrong I did you all over again; your friendly message only makes me feel more guilty.
You two are as welcome as spring is on earth.
Sir, she's from Libya .
Where King Smalus rules, feared and loved by all?
I hope you have a happy and healthy stay here!
Your father is a righteous man, and I've sinned against him.
Sir, you'll hardly believe this, but you have to because the one who sent me is about to arrive: Polixenes sends you his greetings.
Tell me, where's Polixenes?
Camillo has betrayed me, though he's always been loyal and honest before now.
You can tell him yourself; he's with your father, the king.
Who, Camillo?
Oh, my poor father!
The spies have found us, and now we won't get to celebrate our wedding.
Aren't you married?
Sir, is she a princess?
She will be, once she's my wife.
That "once" isn't likely to come to pass now that your father's on his way.
If he'd really do anything, I'd ask him to give me your girlfriend, who he clearly doesn't care for.
I was thinking of her even while I looked at this young girl.
I haven't answered your question.
And, sir, were you there when all this was said?
I'd love to know what happened next.
No.
You missed a sight to be seen; I can't really explain it in words.
What happened to Antigonus, who carried the baby to Bohemia?
That's like something out of a fairytale, too, which you won't believe no matter how many times I tell it.
What happened to his ship and his servants?
Kings and princes could have watched a play like that, considering kings and princes were the actors.
Did they go back to the court?
I thought she must have some important business in that isolated house, since she's visited it alone two or three times a day every day since Hermione's death.
Should we head that way and join the celebration?
Would anyone say "no" to that?
If I weren't a thief, I'd be getting a promotion right about now.
My son, I won't be having any more children, but your sons and daughters will all be born gentlemen and women.
Good to see you, sir.
You chose not to fight with me the other day because I wasn't a gentleman.
See these clothes?
I know you are now, sir, born a gentleman.
Yep, I was born a gentleman about four hours ago!
Me, too, son.
We may live, son, to cry many more.
If we don't live to cry again, that'll be bad luck, considering how good we have it now.
You'll change your ways?
Of course, sir, if you like.
You can say it, but don't swear it.
I can't swear it, now that I'm a gentleman?
If the peasants and the middle class can swear, I can swear, too.
But what if it's not true, son?
If you believe it should be true, a true gentleman can swear it on behalf of his friend.
I'll try to live up to that, sir, to the best of my ability.
If there's anything I didn't do correctly, know that I meant to do it better.
Exactly the way she used to stand!
Not nearly as old.
That's the sculptor's skill: he made her look like she would if she lived now, sixteen years later.
And she might have done so; seeing it makes me happy but fills me with guilt, too.
She looked just like this when I first fell in love with her, though she was warm and living, not cold and made of stone.
Call me superstitious, but I'm going to kneel and ask for her blessing.
Oh, wait!
The statue was just painted and it's not dry yet.
Sir, if I knew my statue would make you so upset since it belongs to me I wouldn't have showed it to you.
Don't close the curtain.
You shouldn't look at it anymore, or you'll start to hallucinate that it's moving.
Let it be, let it be.
It's very well done.
Her eyes almost look like they're moving; this art is too realistic.
Oh, Paulina, I want to believe that she lives.
No perception of reality could be as blissful as that kind of insanity .
Leave it alone.
No, never.
I could stand here forever, too, just looking.
Either restrain yourself, leave the chapel, or get ready for more amazement.
You need to have faith.
Proceed.
Music, awake her now!
Wow, she's warm!
If this is from your magic spell, your magic should be considered an art as natural as eating.
She's hugging him.
Yes, and tell us where she's been living, or how she's come back from the dead.
There's plenty of time for that and to tell all our stories.
Go on, all of you lucky people!
Oh hush, Paulina.
Hello.
It's good to see you.
It's been a while.
Up and down, up and down.
So they say.
But how weird is this have you ever seen anything like it?
I know both of them.
Such a worthy man, this lord .
Definitely.
There's no one like him, almost born to be forever generous.
Oh please, let's see it.
And expensive from the looks of it.
You are captivated by some task, writing a poetic dedication to Lord Timon.
Something slipped my mind.
A portrait.
When will your book be published?
After I have presented my poem to Timon.
Let me see your painting.
It's nice.
Yes, it looks well made.
It's not bad.
It is incredible how its beauty reflects the dignity of its subject !
Look at the intelligence that twinkles in the eye!
There is a certain imagination that moves in its lip!
It is a pretty good imitation of life.
Here is a nice touch, do you like it?
Look at all the people following the lord!
They're Senators of Athens.
And more too!
Look at this huge crowd of flooding visitors.
How could I possibly understand what you're talking about ?
I will unlock the meaning for you.
I did see them speaking to one another.
How well you've depicted the scene!
This throne, this depiction of Fortune, and this hill with one man beckoned from the rest below, bowing his head before the great mountain on which Fortune sits, the source of his happiness perfectly captures the human condition.
Sir, listen to some more of the poem.
Indeed, and what do we make of these people?
The moment Fortune changes her mind and spurns this newly chosen man, all of those who depended on him and who helped him on their hands and knees to reach the mountain top, they let him slip without even trying to save him.
You say that he is imprisoned?
Yes, my good lord: he owes five talents , and even though he has such a small income, his creditors are insistent that he give it back right away.
Great Ventidius!
Well, I am not the type of man to neglect a friend in need.
Your lordship always makes him grateful.
Goodbye.
Lord Timon, would you hear me speak?
Speak freely, good man.
You have a servant named Lucilius.
I do.
Most noble Timon, would you call the man before you?
Is he here right now?
Lucilius!
Here, at your lordship's service.
This man, Lord Timon, this dependent of yours, comes by my house at night.
I am a man who has been thrifty from the start, and my estate deserves an heir of better rank than this lowly waiter here.
Okay.
This man is honest.
Does she love him?
Do you love this young woman?
Yes, my lord, and she loves me back.
If I do not consent to her marriage, with the gods as my witness, I will choose my heir from all the beggars of the world and deprive her of everything.
What dowry should she have if she married a husband from the same social class?
About $, immediately, and everything I have in the future.
Most noble lord, if you swear this on your honor, she is his.
I swear on my own honor.
Accept this gift I made for you, and long live my lord!
A painting, which I'm begging you to accept as a gift from me.
God bless you!
What?
You don't like it?
It's gotten too much praise.
If I paid you based on how much it's been praised, I would go broke.
That's a compelling sales pitch.
Uh oh, look who's coming.
He won't spare anyone.
Good day to you, gentle Apemantus!
Why do you call them villains?
You don't even know them.
Are they from Athens?
Yes.
Then I don't feel bad for saying it.
You know I do, because I called you by your name, "villain.  "
You are too arrogant, Apemantus.
I couldn't be less like you in that way, Timon.
Where are you going?
To knock the brains out of an honest Athenian.
That is a deed that you will die for.
Only if doing nothing would be punishable by death under the law.
How do you like this portrait, Apemantus?
It's fine, but it's just a painting.
Didn't the painter do a good job?
Whoever made the painter did a better job, and he himself is a terribly flawed piece of work.
You're a dog .
Your mother is of the same species: what is she if I am a dog?
Will you dine with me, Apemantus?
No, I do not eat lords.
If you did, you would anger the ladies.
Oh, they eat lords; that's how they get pregnant.
That's a crude sentiment.
That's how you've interpreted it: it's your fault then.
Do you like this jewel, Apemantus?
Not as much as I value telling the truth, which doesn't cost a penny.
What do you think it's worth?
It's not worth my thinking about it.
What about you, poet?
And you, philosopher!
You lie.
Are you not a philosopher?
Yes.
Then I do not lie.
Aren't you a poet?
Yes.
Then you lie: look at your last poem, in which you pretended that you think Timon is a worthy man.
I wasn't faking that.
What would you do then, Apemantus?
The same that I do right now: hate a lord with all my heart.
What?
Yes.
Why?
Because I would have lost the angry wit I now have if I were a lord.
Aren't you a merchant?
Yes, Apemantus.
I hope your business destroys you that is, if the gods don't first!
If my business ruins me, the gods ruin me.
Business is your god, and your god will ruin you.
What's the trumpet for?
It is Alcibiades and twenty horsemen, all together.
Welcome them and guide them to us.
Welcome!
Yes, yes!
Pains flare up and wither your tender joints!
That there can be so much disdain amongst these villains, who act with such politeness!
Sir your presence has saved me from my longing, and I feed most hungrily at the sight of you.
You are welcome, sir!
Before you depart, you'll have a wonderful time filled with many pleasures.
Please, let's go inside!
What time of day is it Apemantus?
Time to be honest.
It is always that time.
Shame on you then for having failed to do so.
Are you going to Lord Timon's feast?
Yes, to see idiots fill up on meat and fools get drunk on wine.
Farewell, farewell.
You are a fool to bid me farewell twice.
Why, Apemantus?
You should have kept one for yourself, because I have no intention of giving you one.
Go kill yourself!
No, I won't do anything you ask me to do: go ask that of your friend.
Go away you angry dog, or I'll kick you!
I will run away like a dog so your heels catch nothing but my ass!
Apemantus is inhuman.
Come, shall we go in and taste Lord Timon's bounty?
He exceeds the meaning of the word kindness.
He has the noblest mind any man has ever had.
May he live a long and wealthy life!
Shall we go in?
I'll accompany you.
Honorable Timon, it has pleased the gods to remember the times of my father and to call him to a long peace in death.
What a noble spirit!
No, my lords.
My lord, we have always said the same .
Haha, you've confessed it?
And been hanged for the sin, have you not?
Apemantus, you    are welcome here.
I hope it flows this way, my lord!
Flow this way!
What a fine man!
He keeps time well.
Those wishes of health will make you and your state sorry, Timon.
Here before you stands a man not like the wine you toast with, but like honest water, which is too weak a drink to be a sinner and never abandoned a man in times of need.
This food will do your heart much good, Apemantus!
Captain Alcibiades, you seem to long for battle now.
I always long to serve you, my lord.
It seems you would rather be at a breakfast with your enemies than a dinner with your friends.
If only all these fat men here were your enemies, then you might kill them and bring them to me.
Without a doubt, my good friends, the gods themselves have made it so that I will need much help from you: how could you be my friends otherwise?
You cry so they can drink, Timon.
Joy has the same effect on our eyes, and suddenly tears spring up from them like a baby.
Ha ha!
I laugh when I imagine that baby as a bastard!
I promise you, Timon, you have moved me greatly.
Much!
What does that trumpet sound mean?
What is going on?
If you want, my lord, there are certain ladies who would like to come in.
Ladies!
What do they want?
Please, let them be admitted.
Hail, worthy Timon, and all those who enjoy his bounty.
You are all welcome; please let the ladies kindly enter.
You see how well loved you are my lord?
Whoa, what a wave of vanity comes this way!
The performers dance!
My lord, you are too kind.
Yes, for the worst of you is filthy, and I fear too rotten to hold.
Ladies, there is a small banquet here for you.
Thank you, my lord.
Flavius.
Yes my lord?
Bring that little chest here.
Yes, my lord.
Even more jewels!
There is no opposing him when he is in this mood!
Where is everyone?
Here, my lord, all ready.
Our horses!
You have already given me so many gifts.
And us, too.
My lord, there are some senators who have just arrived and come to visit you.
They are welcome.
Could I speak with you a moment, your honor?
Urgent!
I don't know how we'll afford to.
May it please your honor that Lord Lucius, out of pure kindness, has presented to you four milk white horses wearing silver trappings.
I shall accept them, and let the rest of those present be well entertained.
What now?
If you like, my lord, the honorable Lord Lucullus begs that you accompany him hunting tomorrow, and has sent you two sets of greyhounds.
I'll hunt with him, and make sure he is not received into our home without fair compensation.
What will this come to?
I will receive it with great thanks.
Oh, he's the very meaning of generosity.
Please, my lord, there is no need for that.
We would like nothing more.
Yes, ruined land, my lord.
We are so indebted
And so am I to you.
So infinitely owing
All to you.
More lights please!
May the best happiness, honor, and fortune be yours, Lord Timon!
I am always there for friends.
What a fuss of bows and butts sticking out, here!
I wonder whether their bows are worth the money that you pay for them.
Now Apemantus, if you weren't so sullen, I would be nice to you.
No, if you attack all my friends again, I swear I will never listen to you.
Goodbye, and come next time with better music to sing.
Hello, sir, what do you want?
I will leave now, sir.
Ok, sir.
Go.
He has no common sense, no restraint!
Good evening.
Yes, and you come from Isidore for the same?
I just want to get paid!
Here he comes.
So as soon as we're done with dinner you will be leaving, Alcibiades.
What?
You're here to see me?
Yes my lord, here is a note stating your debts.
Debts!
Where are you from?
Athens, my lord.
Go see my assistant.
Fine, just please wait until tomorrow morning.
No.
Calm down.
Give me a second.
Please wait a bit and I'll be with you as soon as I can.
Ok, and make sure to take care of them.
Exit TIMON exits.
Here it comes.
Are you talking to yourself?
Exactly, you could only be calling yourself a fool.
Let's go.
You're not even good enough to come with me.
Wait, now, who does the title, "fool," attend now?
The man who needs to ask.
You poor idiots, working for money lenders.
You're like whores who shuttle between money and greed?
What did you call us?
Asses.
Excuse me?
Good day, gentlemen.
Why thank you!
She's sitting over hot water to sweat out STDs like yourselves.
If only we had known about you all at the Corinth whorehouse!
Haha.
Well done!
Look, here comes my girlfriend's little man.
What are you doing here with these people?
And how are you Apemantus?
I wish my mouth were a bat to beat you with.
Please Apemantus, could you read the different lines in these letters?
You can't read?
No.
You talk like a dog and you're going to die like a dog.
Don't even answer me, I'm leaving.
You're running away from the teaching that might have saved you.
Let's go together to Lord Timon's.
I can't stay here?
Yes, if only they were our assistants!
Me too that would be like an executioner serving a thief.
Say again, you three are assistants to the money lenders?
Yes, fool.
Give it then, so we can call you both a pimp and an idiot, which would not be any worse than what you are now.
A fool that wears nice clothes, not unlike you.
That response could have come from my own mouth.
Move away, here comes Lord Timon.
Let's go, fool.
I do not always stick to lovers, women, and rich men.
Let's walk and talk.
I brought it up many times.
No way!
Sell all my land.
My land extended all the way to Sparta.
You are telling the truth.
If you think that my management has been poor or dishonest, have me inspected by the strictest auditors to prove my integrity.
Please stop.
And yet I have not touched on how loose you've been with your money!
How many delicacies have poor men eaten tonight on your account?
Who does not seem to belong to Timon?
Is there anything in the world that you have not claimed as your own to give?
I hope you're right.
Hello?
Whatever you say.
He's going to ask Lucius and Lucullus, of all people?
That can't be true!
I hope the gods give them what they deserve!
Go to Ventidius.
Now that that's done, give these men what they are due right now.
Don't say or even imagine that my friends will fail me.
I told Lucullus that you were here.
Thanks.
There he is.
Is this one of Timon's servants?
Great!
He is healthy.
Ha ha ha!
He thinks so?
Here's the wine.
I always thought you were smart, Flaminius.
Take this.
Timon says the same.
Leave and give us a moment.
Come closer to me Flaminius.
Your lord is a generous man, but you are smart and know as well as anybody, even though you've come to me, that now is not the time to lend money, especially to friends, without some kind of insurance.
Is it really possible that such bad men can exist when there are good ones too?
You and your money sicken me.
I hope those coins melt into a burning hot liquid and scald you!
You're talking about Timon?
He is my friend and a good guy.
We've heard as much, even though we've never met the man.
Still, I can tell you something else which I've heard as a rumor: Timon's best days are behind him, and his estate is shrinking beyond his control.
Psh, no, don't believe the rumors.
No way!
Yes, totally rejected.
That is so weird!
There you are, my lord, I've been look all over for you.
My lord  To LUCIUS To LUCIUS.
Servilius!
It's good to see you.
Please, bring me to Timon, my good friend.
If you are willing, Timon sent
Ha!
What gift has he sent me?
I owe that man so much, since he's always giving me gifts.
How do you think I should thank him?
Only me to state his current state of affairs, and to ask you to lend him some money.
For now he wants less.
I wouldn't speak with such urgency about this if it were a joke.
You're serious?
Yes, I swear.
I'm a horrible man for accepting all those gifts from Timon, when I could have been better!
I gave up the opportunity to be a good man for something that brings me no honor!
Yes, I will.
I wish you the best, Servilius!
Did you see that, Hostilius?
Yes.
That's what the world is like, and every flatterer is the same.
What is a friend who takes so much?
It's unholy.
Should Timon really have to struggle for this?
All those men must be under some wicked influence, because they all denied him.
No way!
Ventidius and Lucullus denied him?
Has he approached me for a loan?
Wow, what a villain!
And you as well.
Oh, a representative of Lucius!
Are you here to see Timon as well?
And your goal is our goal.
Not only Lucius's Servant, but Philotus's too!
Good day.
Close to nine.
Has anyone seen Timon yet?
Me too.
And I'll tell you something funny.
Your lord sent you to get money, right?
Yes.
And he now possesses jewels from Timon, which I lent him the money to buy.
Unfortunately, yes.
One of Timon's servants is coming LuciUs' Servant Flaminius!
No he's not.
At least tell him we are waiting for him.
I don't have to do that.
Can we talk, please?
What do you want?
We want the money Timon owes.
If it's not enough, it's still worth more than all of you, because you serve bad men.
Here is Servilius.
Good lord!
We can't accept this.
Servilius, help!
Timon!
Timon!
What, are my own doors going to shut themselves to me?
Am I not free to leave my own house?
Does the home to such great parties turn its back on me, like everyone else?
Here is the receipt for debts you owe me.
And mine.
All our receipts.
Go ahead, kill me with them.
Rip pieces of my heart out.
My receipt is for fifty talents.
Five thousand drops should cover.
What about all your receipts?
Tear me apart and take me away, and may the gods take their revenge upon you!
These men have even taken my breath away.
They call themselves creditors?
They are devils!
Timon
But what if.  .  .
Timon
Yes, that's it!
Come here!
I'm here.
So soon?
I agree.
Long live the senate!
What, captain?
But
Then forgive me for speaking like a military man, my lords.
Why do good people fight and not patiently bear the insults of their enemies?
Why do they not patiently let those same enemies murder them in their sleep?
Your speech is useless.
Useless!
The man's heroism at the battles of Lacedaemon and Byzantium should be enough to win him his life.
What?
He will die.
How cruel!
Why does it have to be this way?
It cannot be.
Please, my lords, I beg you to trust me.
How!
Remember what I have done.
What?
You cannot possibly have forgotten me, but there is no other reason you would deny me after I have lowered myself to beg for something you would grant any other man.
Are you seriously provoking us?
In just a few words we can have an enormous impact.
Banish me!
Banish your old ways!
If we find you in Athens two days from now, you will face the most severe punishment.
And even though it displeases us, your friend will be executed now.
The gods have let you live so long that you are only skin and bones, and so ugly that no one will even look at you!
Good day, sir.
You too.
From what I see at this feast, I don't think so.
I also said I needed to deal with some business matters, but he didn't care.
So does everyone here.
How much money did he ask you for?
A thousand pieces.
A thousand pieces!
What did he ask you for?
He asked me for here he is.
Well, especially after seeing that you are well, too.
We care as much about you as a bird that flies south cares for summer weather.
I hope you are not bitter that I could not lend you money.
Don't worry about it.
My noble lord
What a party!
Don't worry about it.
If you had come just two hours earlier
Think about happier things.
Come here, the food is ready!
It looks like food for kings.
As long as he has enough money and time, I would count on it from Timon.
Oh how are you?
What is new with the world?
Did you hear that Alcibiades is banished?
What?
I swear.
What?
How?
Why?
Come here, my friends.
I'll tell you about it later.
Let's eat now.
You speak of the famous Alcibiades?
Can it be?
Will the punishment stick?
Yes, but time will tell
I see.
What is this supposed to mean?
I don't know.
What, everyone's leaving?
From now on, let there never be a feast where such villains are not welcome.
Burn down the house!
Destroy all of Athens!
Timon will from now on hate all of humanity!
What the hell was that?
Have you ever seen someone as furious as Timon just now?
Psh!
Have you seen my hat?
I can't find my coat.
He's a madman, and his insanity is what drives him.
He gave me a jewel the other day, and now he has beaten it out of my hat.
Have you seen my hat?
Here it is.
And here's my coat.
Let's get out of here.
Timon is crazy.
Yes I am sure of it.
One day he gives us diamonds, and the next day he throws stones at us!
Let me back on the city.
Your walls that contain those ravenous wolves should sink into the earth instead of protecting you, Athens .
Listen, where is our master?
Are we done for?
Fired?
Is there nothing left?
Guys, what do you want me to say?
The gods hear me when I say that I am as broke as you are.
How great a house gone bankrupt!
How great a master fallen!
Everything's gone!
And there's not a single friend to help him in this unfortunate time and accompany him!
All the shattered pieces of a ruined house.
Friends, I'll share with you the last bit of money I have.
Oh, the terrible sadness that glory can bring!
Who wouldn't wish to never be rich, if all that riches lead to is misery and hate?
Whoever works to rise in the world ought to poison himself!
What do we have here?
Gold?
Shiny yellow gold?
No, I am not a false man   Where are you, roots?!
Just this much gold will turn the world upside down, making black white, foul fair, wrong right, low high, old young, cowardice valor.
Ha, gods!
Why this little thing?
What is it, even?
What, a drum?
So soon?
I'll bury you: you will walk about again when your keeper cannot stand because of his gout .
Actually, no, stay out here for leverage.
What are you doing there?
Speak up.
An animal, the same as you!
Damn you for showing me again the eyes of a human!
What is your name?
Has mankind been so awful to you?
I am a man hater, who hates mankind.
I wish you were a dog, for your good as well as mine.
I understand what you are saying, but do not know how you have arrived at these conclusions.
I know you as well, more than I'd like to know.
Go follow your drum and paint the ground with the red, red, red blood of men.
Religious and civil laws are cruel why shouldn't war be cruel too?
Shut your filthy mouth!
Then I will not kiss you, so as not to dirty your mouth too.
How has the noble Timon fallen to this place?
Timon, what can I do for you?
Nothing, except follow my demands.
What is it you want, Timon?
Promise me your friendship, but don't do anything that would make you seem like my friend.
I have heard a bit about your bad luck.
You saw my bad luck even when I had my wealth.
No, I see your bad luck now.
Like your good times now with these whores.
Is this the darling of Athens everyone spoke so well of?
You are Timandra?
Yes.
Go kill yourself you monster!
Please, play yourself out.
I'm your friend Timon.
Do you feel for the person whom you hurt?
I'd rather be alone.
Keep it.
When I destroy Athens in war
You're waging war on Athens?
Yes, Timon, and for a good reason.
May the gods strike those you war against, and after you win, you as well!
Why me too, Timon?
Because you were born to conquer my country by killing villains.
You still have gold?
I'll take that, but not your advice.
Do or don't, damn you.
Give us some gold, too, Timon.
Enough to get a whore to retire, as well as enough to turn women into whores too.
Tell us more with more gold.
We'll do anything for gold!
We'll keep listening to you if you keep giving us money, Timon.
With more whoring, and more mischief first.
Drum up the march to Athens!
And I hope I never see you again.
I never did you any harm.
Yes, you spoke well of me.
And that's harm?
Some men think so.
Go now and take your dogs with you.
We're just making him more angry.
Let's go!
I cannot believe that those outraged at wicked men should still ask for money!
Digging He keeps digging.
Another man?
The plague, the plague!
I was directed here by men who tell me you have gone crazy and insult them.
This behavior is a symptom of your infected nature, which has caught an unmanly melancholy due to bad luck.
Why this shovel?
In this place?
In these tattered clothes?
With these sad looks?
Those who flattered you still wear silk, drink wine, and lie down on soft beds.
They hug their perfumed, diseased women, and have totally forgotten that Timon even existed.
If I were like you I'd throw myself away.
You already have thrown yourself away, being the madman you were, and now an idiot.
Do you really think that this cold air will act like a manservant and put on a warm shirt for you?
Do you really think that these mossy trees, which have outlived eagles, will follow your every step?
That the cold brook crusted in ice will give you a warm drink to cure a hangover?
You're an idiot.
I love you more than I ever did.
I hate you worse.
Why?
You flatter my misery.
I am not flattering you.
Why did you look for me?
To anger you.
That was always the job of a villain or a fool.
Do you like it?
Sure.
Ah!
So you're scoundrel too!
Not under the advice of a man even more miserable.
You are a slave, a dog, who was always unlucky.
Ha!
Yes, proud of the fact that I'm not you.
Here, improve your feast.
First improve my company and get away from me.
That way I would improve my own company for the lack of yours.
It would not be better that way, because you'd still be with yourself.
What report would you like me to bring Athens for you?
Gold is useless here.
And so it is here the best, where it sleeps and doesn't do any harm.
Where do you sleep here Timon?
Under what's above me.
Where do you eat these days, Apemantus?
Wherever I can find meat, or rather, where I eat meat.
I wish poison would go wherever my mind sent it!
Where would you send it?
To your plates.
I don't eat what I hate.
You hate medlar ?
Yes.
If you had hated meddlers sooner, you would have loved your station better now.
What wasteful man did you ever meet that was well liked after his money was gone?
Who have you ever known that was well liked without any means at all?
Me.
What would you compare your flatterers to?
Give it to the animals and get rid of all men.
Would you fall with the rest of the men and remain an animal?
Yes, Timon.
What a beastly thing for the gods to have you wish!
If you were a lion, the fox would trick you; if you were a lamb, the fox would deceive three of you; if you were a fox, the lion would be suspicious of you when you were accused by the donkey; if you were a donkey, your stupidity would torment you, and you would only be the breakfast of the wolf; if you were a wolf, your greed would plague you, and you would have to risk your life just for dinner; if you were a unicorn, pride and anger would end you and when in your anger you rammed your horn and got stuck in a tree; if you were a bear, you would be killed by the horse; if you were a horse; you would be attacked by the leopard; if you were a leopard, you would be related to the lion and the crimes of your relatives would condemn you to death.
Look, here comes a poet and a painter.
When you're the last man on earth, you'll be welcome here.
I would rather be a beggar's dog than you.
You are the captain of all fools.
I wish you were clean enough to spit on.
Get bit!
You aren't even good enough to curse.
Villains look good in your company.
Your speech is worse than leprosy.
When I say your name.
I'll beat you up, if only touching you wouldn't infect my hands!
I wish my tongue could rot them off!
Get away, you son of a bitch!
Your life makes me angry enough to die.
Maybe you'll explode!
Get away you dumb peasant!
It's sad I have to waste a stone on you.
Beast!
Slave!
Toad!
You worthless, worthless man!
I am sick of this lying world and will not love anything but the most basic necessities.
So, Timon, prepare your own grave, lie down here where the light foam of the sea might lap against your grave stone every single day.
Oh you sweet little king killer, which can set even a son and father at odds!
You that can defile the bed of Hymen like Mars !
If only it were so!
But not until I am dead.
I'll say to gold that it will be rushed to before long.
Rushed to!
Yes.
Show me your back and leave.
May you live in misery and love it too.
May you live long and miserable too, then die.
I am rid of him, and yet more men!
Hate them, Timon, and eat your food.
Enter Banditti The bandits enter.
Where could his gold be?
I have heard he has a huge treasure.
That's a good question, because he doesn't have it with him.
Is that not him?
Where?
That's what he's supposed to look like.
Him?
God bless you, Timon?
What do you want, thieves?
We're soldiers, not thieves.
Both, and women's sons too.
We are not thieves, just poor men.
No you cannot even live on animals like birds and fish yourselves.
He almost makes me want to give up my profession by talking me into it.
His hatred of mankind is what gives us advice, not his concern for our craft.
I'd trust him about as much as my enemy and just give up thieving altogether.
Good god!
Is that hateful man in tatters, looking so down and out, really my lord?
Go away!
Who are you?
Have you forgotten who I am?
Why bother asking that?
I was your poor and loyal servant.
The gods know that there has never been an assistant racked with sadness for his lord the way I am looking at you.
What, are you crying?
Come closer.
Did I really have an assistant so honest, fair, and comforting?
It almost cures me of my dangerous and violent thoughts.
Look here, it is true!
Let me stay and comfort you, master.
As I recall, he can't be far from here.
What do you think?
Do you think it's true that he's got a hidden stash of gold?
So his bankruptcy has just been a test for his friends.
What do you have to give to him?
Me too, and to promise him something in the future.
Good idea.
What an artist!
You couldn't paint a man worse than yourself.
Do you really need to model a villain in your work?
Would you chastise your own vices in other men?
Do it, and I've got gold for you.
I'll play your own little game.
What a magnificent god is gold, that it is worshipped in a place grosser than a pigpen.
It is the thing that rigs the ship and sets it on its journey, the thing that makes a slave honor his master.
Hey, Timon!
Our great master!
Have I ever seen two such honest men?
He and I have triumphed in the great shower of your gifts and enjoyed it so much!
Yes, you are honest men.
We have come to offer you our service.
Such honest men!
How could I ever repay you?
Can you eat roots or drink cold water?
No.
We'll do what we can for you.
Good honest men!
So it is, my lord.
Yes, it is as I said.
And as for your fiction, the lines swell with material so fine and smooth that your art comes to equal nature.
Please, Timon, tell us what it is.
You won't like it.
We'll appreciate it, my lord.
Will you really?
Definitely.
Both of you are too trustful of scoundrels who wish to deceive you.
Are we really?
I know no one like this.
Me neither.
Name your enemies, Timon, we'd like to know.
Here's payment for the work you owe me.
You make gold from metal.
Here, make gold from this!
Here is his cave.
We come in peace and friendship!
Timon!
Timon!
You, sun which comforts the world, burn them!
Speak to me and then be hanged!
Great Timon
Great to no one but those like yourself, and you but to Timon.
The Senators of Athens send their regards.
I thank them, and would send them a disease if only I could catch it for them.
Forget the things that have happened to you, which we are very sorry for.
He threatens the walls of Athens with his own sword.
So Timon
Let's go.
It's useless.
I do love my country, and contrary to what rumors may say, am not glad to see total destruction.
Well said.
Give my best to my fellow Athenians
These words do the person who speaks them justice.
And enter our ears like trumpeters celebrating at the gates.
This sounds good.
His sadness is now a part of himself.
We need to hurry.
You have retrieved information at great cost.
We are in great danger if the others do not bring Timon with them.
Here come our fellow Senators.
Let's not talk about Timon.
This looks like the place as it was described to me.
Who's there?
Speak up!
No Answer!
What is going on?
Make sure this cowardly and dirty town hears our troops approach.
Young, honorable, Alcibiades, when your grievances were just an idea, before you had any power and we had any fear of it, we sent assistance to you to apologize for our ingratitude with endless admiration.
Whatever you want, enforce it with mercy and not with violence.
Set your foot against the ramped up walls and they will open, but you should tell us before you come in peace.
Well said.
Descend and do what you have promised.
The tribune speaks well, and calms me down.
Rome, be as fair and gracious to me as I’ve been straightforward and kind to you.
Open the gates, and let me in.
Tribunes, let me a poor competitor  in, too.
Hail Rome, victorious even in your mourning clothes!
Give us the highest ranking Goth prisoner, so that we can cut his limbs and for the spirits of our brothers sacrifice him in front of this tomb: that way their spirits will be at rest and they won't haunt us.
I give you the noblest of my prisoners, the eldest son of this defeated queen.
Stop, Roman friends!
Calm yourself, madam, and forgive me.
Take him away!
And build a fire: let’s cut him to pieces with our swords on a pile of wood, until he’s consumed by the flames.
Oh, cruel, irreligious faith!
Were the Scythians ever so barbaric?
Ambitious Rome is no better than Scythia.
Alarbus is dead, and we live only as Titus’s prisoners.
See, lord and father, how we’ve done our Roman sacrifice: Alarbus's limbs are cut off and his innards feed the fire as the smoke perfumes the sky.
There's nothing else to do but bury our brothers and welcome them to Rome with celebration.
Let it be so, but first Andronicus will say a last goodbye to their souls.
Rest in peace and honor here, my sons: you were always ready to serve Rome, so rest here safe from any more suffering.
Lord Titus, my noble lord and father, may you live forever in peace, honor, and good reputation!
Kind Rome, you have given me this sweet medicine to make my heart happy again.
Lavinia, live: outlive your father, and may everyone remember your virtue after you’re gone.
Long live Lord Titus, my beloved brother, gracious victor in the eyes of Rome!
Thanks, kind tribune, noble brother Marcus.
And welcome, nephews, from successful wars  both you who survived and you that died.
Titus, you will be emperor if you ask for it.
Proud and ambitious tribune, how can you tell?
Calm down, Prince Saturninus.
Romans, do the right thing: patricians, draw your swords, and don’t put them away until Saturninus is Rome’s emperor.
Andronicus, I’d rather you were shipped to hell than steal the people’s love from me!
Proud Saturnine, you’re getting in your own way  Titus is trying to do you a favor!
It will be all right, prince; I’ll make the people love you again.
People of Rome, and their representatives here, I ask for your voices and your votes: will you let Andronicus choose the next emperor?
To please the good Andronicus, and celebrate his safe return to Rome, the people will accept whom he recommends.
With the voices of us all  patricians and plebeians   we elect Lord Saturninus as Rome's great emperor, and say "Long live our Emperor Saturnine!  "
Thanks, noble Titus, father of my life!
Rome will know how proud I am of you and your gifts, and when I forget the least of them, Romans, forget your loyalty to me.
Now, madam, you're the prisoner of an emperor; out of respect for your honor and rank, he'll treat you and your followers well.
A lovely lady, trust me; of the sort that I would choose, if I could choose again.
Not I, my lord; a king should speak nobly and courteously.
Thanks, sweet Lavinia.
Lord Titus, with all due respect, this girl is mine.
How could this be, sir?
Are you serious, my lord?
Yes, noble Titus; and I'm prepared to fight for her.
"To each his own" is our Roman law; this prince takes what is his by right.
And that he will, and shall, if Lucius is alive to fight for it.
Traitors, stop!
Where are the emperor's guards?
Treason, my lord!
Lavinia is taken!
Taken!
By whom?
By her betrothed, who can justly take her away from all the world.
Brothers, help me take her away, and I'll guard this door with my sword.
Come with me, my lord, and I'll bring her back soon.
My lord, you can't pass me.
What, stupid boy!
You stand in my way in Rome?
Help, Lucius, help!
My lord, you are wrong, and, more than that, you've killed your own son.
He's no son of mine, and nor are you: my sons would never dishonor me like this.
I'll give her to you dead, if you want; but she'll never be his wife.
Oh, monstrous!
Why are you saying these cruel things to me?
These words cut my wounded heart like knives.
And here, by heaven, I swear to Rome that if Saturnine marries the Queen of Goths, she will be a servant to his desires, a loving nurse, and a mother to his youth.
I am not asked to go with them.
Titus, when was the last time you walked alone, dishonored and accused of doing wrong?
Oh, Titus, see, oh, see what you have done!
In a rash fight you've killed a virtuous son.
No, foolish tribune, no; he was no son of mine, nor are you, nor these, who participated in dishonoring our family.
But at least let us bury him, as we should; give Mutius burial with our brothers.
Traitors, go away!
He won't rest in this tomb: this monument has stood for five hundred years, and I have restored it at great expense, and only Rome's soldiers and servants are buried here in here, not those killed in low street fights.
And he shall, or we'll go with him to the grave.
"And shall!  "
What villain said that?
He that would fight for it in any place less holy than here.
What, would you bury him here without my permission?
No, noble Titus, but we beg you to pardon Mutius and bury him.
He is not himself; let's go.
I won't go until we've buried Mutius.
Brother, for that word reminds you of the natural ties between us
Father, and in that word nature speaks too
Don't say anything else, if this is going where I think it is.
Famous Titus, more than half my soul
Dear father, soul and body of us all
Let your brother Marcus bury his noble nephew here with honor, since he died for Lavinia's cause.
Get up, Marcus, get up.
This is the saddest day I ever saw, to be dishonored by my sons in Rome!
Well, bury him, and bury me next.
Lie there, sweet Mutius, with your friends, until we cover your tomb with trophies won in battle.
Let no one cry for noble Mutius, since the person who dies fighting for what's right will live forever in memory.
My lord, to leave these sad thoughts behind: how did it happen that the clever Queen of Goths is suddenly our empress?
And you with yours, my lord!
I have nothing else to say, and don't wish you any less, so I'll go now.
Traitor, if there's law in Rome or if we have power, you and your brothers will regret this rape.
You call it rape, my lord, to take my own, my true love and fiancee and now my wife?
But let the law of Rome take its course; in the meantime, I have what is mine.
My lord, I'll answer for what I've done, with my life if I must.
Prince Bassianus, I can defend myself without your help; it's you and your friends who have dishonored me.
Rome and heaven above know my love and loyalty to Saturnine!
What, madam!
Can I put up with these insults?
Of course not, my lord; the gods of Rome forbid that I would urge you to do anything dishonorable!
Rise, Titus, rise; my empress has convinced me.
Titus, I am now a Roman, and must give the emperor good advice.
Let's forget all our past quarrels today, Andronicus; and let it be my chief accomplishment that I've brought you all back together.
For you, Prince Bassianus, I have promised the emperor that you'll be more mild and obedient in the future.
And don't be afraid, lords, and you, Lavinia: take my advice, kneel down, and ask his majesty for forgiveness.
We do, and promise heaven and his highness, that we were as moderate as we could be, when our sister's honor and our own was at stake.
I vow that too, on my honor.
Go away, and be quiet; don't bother us anymore.
Marcus, for the sake of you and your brother, and because Tamora begs me, I forgive these young men's crimes against me.
We will come, Titus, and many thanks to you.
Chiron, you're young and stupid, and you don't have what it takes to get in my way and intrude where I'm welcome.
Demetrius, you've always been arrogant, and it's no different in this.
Why, boy, ever since our mother gave you a toy sword you've been desperate to start brandishing it around.
Give it to me; I'll glue it to its sheath until you know how to handle it.
Before that, sir, I'll use the little skill I have to show you how ready I am to use it.
What, boy, are you so brave now?
What's this, lords?
How can you openly draw your swords so close to the emperor's palace?
I'm prepared for that.
You coward, talking about what you don't dare to do yourself!
Put it away, I say!
I don't care if she or anyone else knows it: I love Lavinia more than all the world.
Young man, choose someone else: Lavinia is your elder brother's choice.
What, are you crazy?
Don't you know how jealous Romans are of their competitors in love?
I tell you, lords, you're going to get yourselves killed.
Aaron, I'd die a thousand times to have her.
To have her!
How?
Why do you sound so surprised?
She is a woman, so can be wooed; she's a woman, and so can be won; she is Lavinia, so she must be loved.
True  even a man as great as Saturninus can be cheated.
Then, it should be no problem for a man who knows how to flirt with a woman, seeming generous and charming.
What, haven't you often killed a deer right under her owner's nose?
Why, then it seems a quick hunt would serve your purposes.
Yes, if that would do it.
Aaron, you're right on point there.
I wish you were as sharp!
Then we wouldn't be making all this fuss.
Why  listen to me!
are you fighting each other over her?
Would you be offended if you both succeeded?
No, not me.
Nor I, as long as I got what I wanted.
Your advice is good, friend.
And you have made quite a noise, my lord  somewhat too early for ladies who just got married.
Lavinia, what do you think?
I disagree; I've been awake for more than two hours already.
Come on, then; let's get our horses and chariots and begin the hunt.
Madam, now you'll see our Roman hunting.
I have dogs, my lord, that can outrun the proudest panther in the chase, and climb the highest tops of the mountains.
And I have horses that will follow wherever the prey goes, flying like swallows over the open field.
Chiron, we don't hunt with horses or dogs  but hope to catch a dainty doe, nonetheless.
A smart man would think it's stupid to bury so much gold under a tree and never use it.
My lovely Aaron, why do you look sad when everything is so beautiful?
Oh, my sweet Moor , sweeter to me than life!
Who have we here?
Rome's royal empress, all alone with no servants?
Or is it the goddess Diana who has left her holy groves to come see the hunt?
How dare you intrude on me like this!
Believe me, queen, your swarthy Cimmerian is turning you as black as him, disgusting and hateful.
And, since we've caught you in the act, my noble lord has good reason to talk to you like this.
The king, my brother, will know about this.
Yes, for people have noticed that you keep slipping away.
Why do I have the patience to listen to you?
What's the matter, dear queen and beloved mother?
Why do you look so pale?
Don't you think I have reason to look pale?
I'll show you that I'm your son.
And take this, too, to show my strength.
Oh, Semiramis   no, barbaric Tamora  for there's no better name to fit your barbaric nature than your own!
Give me your knife; you'll see, my boys, that your mother's own hand will take revenge.
And if she does, I'd rather be a eunuch .
Drag her husband to some secret hole, and we'll rape her on his dead body.
But when you have the honey you want, don't let the wasp live to sting us.
I promise you, madam, we'll make sure of that.
Come, mistress, now we'll enjoy that "honesty" of yours that you're so anxious to preserve.
Oh, Tamora!
You have the face of a woman
I will not listen to her speak; take her away!
Sweet lords, just let me say one thing to her.
Since when did the tiger's cubs teach their mother?
Oh, don't teach her how to be angry; she taught you how  the milk you sucked from her turned to marble, and even at her breast you learned cruelty.
But not every mother breeds the same sons    Beg her to show me a woman's pity.
What, and show myself a bastard?
I don't know what she means; take her away!
Oh, let me explain myself!
For my father’s sake  since he didn’t kill you when he might have done so  listen to me.
Even if you had never offended me yourself   , I’m merciless for his sake.
Oh, Tamora, be a gentle queen, and kill me with your own hands in this place!
For it isn’t my life that I’ve been begging for  I was killed when Bassianus died.
What are you asking for, then?
Stupid girl, let me go.
But if I did that, I would rob my sweet sons of their reward.
Come on!
You've kept us here too long.
No pity?
No womanhood?
No, then I'll stop you from talking anymore.
Bring her husband's body; this is the hole where Aaron told us to throw him.
Goodbye, my sons; make sure she isn't a threat to us.
I'll never be happy until all the Andronici family are dead.
Now I'll go find my lovely Moor, and let my angry sons enjoy their prize.
Come on, my lords, quickly: I'll bring you to the foul pit where I saw a panther fast asleep.
My eyelids are very heavy, whatever that means.
And mine, too; if I weren't embarrassed to do so, I would stop hunting and sleep for a bit.
Where have you fallen?
Oh, brother, I've seen something that hurt me worse than anything I've seen before!
Now I'll bring the king, who, when he finds them here, will assume that they killed his brother.
Why don't you help me out of this horrible blood stained hole?
I am paralyzed with fear; I feel a cold sweat all over my body, and my heart suspects more than I can see at the moment.
Lord Bassianus lies here like a slaughtered lamb, in this horrible, dark, blood soaked pit.
If it's dark, how do you know it's him?
And I don't have the strength to climb without your help.
Come follow me; I'll see what kind of hole this is, and who just leaped into it.
Who are you down there, who just jumped in?
The unlucky son of old Andronicus, who stumbling on this hole has found the dead body of your brother Bassianus.
My brother dead!
I know you must be joking  he and his wife are both back at the lodge on the north side of the forest; I saw them an hour ago.
We don't know where you left him alive.
But out here  God forbid  we found him dead.
Where is my lord, the king?
Here, Tamora, although greatly distressed.
Where is your brother Bassianus?
Now you've hit on the subject of my suffering: poor Bassianus lies in this hole, murdered.
My gracious lord, here's the bag of gold.
Two of your sons, bloody dogs, have killed my brother here.
Drag them from the pit and put them in prison, and leave them there until I've invented some previously unheard of torture for them.
What, are they in this pit?
If they're guilty!
It's obvious that they are.
Who found this letter?
Tamora, was it you?
Andronicus himself found it in the woods.
You won't bail them; follow me.
Come, Lucius; don't stay to talk with them.
So, now go try to tell what happened  if your tongue can speak, say who cut out your tongue and raped you.
Write it down and explain yourself that way  if you can write with those stumps.
See, she can say what she means by gesturing at us.
Go home, ask for sweet water to wash your hands.
She has no tongue to speak and no hands to wash, so let's leave her to walk alone in silence.
If it were me, I'd hang myself.
If you had hands to help you tie the knot.
Who is this?
My niece, running away from me so fast!
Cousin, wait; where's your husband?
If I'm dreaming, I would give everything I own to wake up from this nightmare!
And if I did wake up, I'd want to die rather than see this.
Listen to me, respected men!
Noble tribunes, wait!
Take pity on me  for my lost youth, which I spent in dangerous wars while you slept securely at home; for all the blood I’ve spilled for Rome; for all the cold nights when I stayed up guarding the camp; for the bitter tears that now run down my wrinkled cheeks  and have mercy on my sons, who are more innocent than you think.
I never cried for my twenty  two sons who died before, because they died with honor.
Oh, powerful tribunes!
Oh, merciful old men!
Release my sons, take back the sentence of death, and let me say  a man who never cried before  that my tears moved you.
Ah, Lucius, let me plead for your brothers.
Honorable tribunes, I beg you once again
My gracious lord, none of the tribunes can hear you.
But why are you standing with your weapon drawn?
To rescue my two brothers from their death sentence  and for that, the judges have banished me from Rome for life.
Oh, happy man!
Titus, prepare your eyes to weep; or, if you don't cry, for your noble heart to break.
Will sorrow consume me?
Let me see it, then.
This was your daughter.
Why, Marcus, so she is.
Oh, this sight kills me!
Faint hearted boy, get up and look at her.
Speak, Lavinia, and tell us what hand has made you handless?
What fool has added water to the sea, or brought another torch to burning Troy?
For my grief was already at its height before you came, and now like Nilus , overflows all bounds.
Tell us, sweet sister: who did this to you?
Oh, then speak for her  who did this?
Perhaps she cries because they killed her husband, or perhaps because she knows they’re innocent.
If they did kill your husband, then you should be pleased that they’ve been brought to justice.
But no, no, they wouldn’t do something so awful; look how sad their sister looks.
Sweet Lavinia, let me kiss your lips.
Sweet father, stop crying; for, seeing you cry, look how my poor sister sobs and weeps.
Calm yourself, dear niece.
Good Titus, dry your eyes.
Oh, Marcus, Marcus!
Brother, I know that your handkerchief can’t dry my tears, since it’s already so wet with your own.
Oh, my Lavinia, I’ll wipe your cheeks.
Look, Marcus, look!
Oh, generous emperor!
Oh, sweet Aaron!
Has a raven ever sounded so much like a lark that sings at sunrise?
With all my heart, I’ll send the emperor my hand; good Aaron, will you help chop it off?
Wait, father!
Which of your hands hasn’t defended Rome, wielding a bloody battle axe and wreaking destruction on the enemy’s castle?
Come on, figure out whose hand should be sent, lest they die before their pardon comes.
My hand will go.
By God, it won't go!
Sirs, stop fighting; my hands are like withered herbs that need to be plucked out of the garden.
Dear father, if I’m ever worthy to be called your son, let me save my brothers from death.
And, now for the sake of our parents, let me show you a brother’s love.
All right, I'll spare my hand; you two figure it out.
Then I'll go get an axe.
But I'll be the one to use it.
Now stop fighting: what’s done is done.
I’ll go, Andronicus; and in exchange for your hand, you’ll soon have your sons with you.
Their heads, I mean.
Oh, the very thought of this villainy delights me even before I’ve done it!
Let fools do good deeds, and fair men call for mercy.
Aaron will have his soul as black as his face.
Oh, now I lift my one hand up to pray to heaven, and kneel on the ground with my feeble body: if any power pities the tears of the miserable, I call on that!
What, will you kneel with me?
Do then, dear heart, for heaven will hear our prayers: we’ll break the dim sky with our sighs and stain the sun with the fog of our tears, as when it’s overshadowed by rain clouds.
Oh, brother, be rational and don’t break into these fits of extreme passion.
Isn’t my sorrow deep, since there’s no end to it?
Then let my passions be bottomless as well.
But still, let reason govern your sorrow.
Worthy Andronicus, you’ve gotten a poor reward for the good hand you sent the emperor.
Now let hot Etna cool in Sicily, and let my heart burn like hell forever!
These miseries are too much to bear.
To cry with those who cry does some help, but to mock sorrow is like dying twice.
Ah, how can I still be alive after this sight has made such a deep wound in me?
Oh, poor heart, that kiss can’t give any more comfort than frozen water to a starved snake.
When will we wake up from this horrible dream?
Ha, ha, ha!
Why are you laughing?
It doesn't fit the mood.
Brother, stop!
Don’t tell her how to lay violent hands on herself.
Oh!
Has sorrow already made you mad?
Why, Marcus, no man should be mad but me.
What violent hands can she lay on her life?
Why do you use the word “hands?” That’s like asking Aeneas to tell the story again of how Troy was burnt and he lost everything.
Oh, don’t say anything about hands, lest we remember that we don’t have any.
Ha, but I’m talking foolishly  as if we could forget we have no hands, just because Marcus didn’t mention it!
Good grandfather, stop this bitter sadness; make my aunt laugh with some pleasing story.
Oh, the sweet boy, moved by compassion, cries to see his grandfather’s grief.
Calm down, innocent boy; you are made of tears, and tears will melt away your life.
What do you strike at with your knife, Marcus?
I struck at a fly, my lord, which I killed.
Get out, murderer!
My lord, I've only killed a fly.
But what if that fly had a father and mother?
He would fly on his slender golden wings, buzzing sad songs in the air!
Poor harmless fly, that, with his pretty buzzing song, came here to make us happy!
And you have killed him.
Forgive me, sir; it was a black ugly fly that looked like the empress’s Moor, which was why I killed him.
Oh, oh, oh, then forgive me for attaching you, for you’ve done a good deed.
Give me your knife, and I’ll butcher him, pretending it’s the Moor come here to poison me.
Oh, poor man!
He is so grief stricken that he imagines shadows are the real thing.
Come, let’s go.
Lavinia, come with me; I’ll go to your room and read sad stories of old times with you.
Come with me, too, boy; your young eyes can read when my own begin to fade.
Help, grandfather, help!
Stand by me, Lucius; don't be afraid of your aunt.
She loves you too much to hurt you, boy.
Yes, when my father was in Rome she did.
What does my niece Lavinia mean by this sign language?
Can't you guess what she wants from you?
Lucius, I will.
What are you doing, Lavinia?
Marcus, what does this mean?
She wants to see one of these books.
Which book?
Open them, boy.
You’re a better reader than me  come and take any book from my library, and so distract yourself from your sorrow until the heavens reveal who did this to you.
Why does she lift her arms up twice?
Lucius, which book is she searching through so frantically?
Grandfather, it's Ovid's Metamorphoses; my mother gave it to me.
Perhaps she chose it for love of Lucius's mother.
Look!
See how quickly she turns the pages.
See, brother, see; look how she's pointing to particular passages.
Lavinia, were you attacked, sweet girl, raped as Philomel was in the silent, vast, and gloomy woods?
Of course, of course!
Yes, there is a place like that, the wood where we hunted  oh, I wish we had never, never hunted there!
just like the one described by Ovid, made by nature for murder and rape.
Oh, why would nature create such a foul place, unless the gods take delight in our suffering?
Sit down, sweet niece: brother, sit down by me.
May Apollo, Pallas, Jove, or Mercury inspire me, so that I can find some way to expose the criminal!
Curses on the heart that forced us to this method!
Oh, do you read, my lord, what she’s written?
"Rape.
Chiron.
Demetrius.  "
What, what!
The lustful sons of Tamora did this horrible, bloody crime?
Magni Dominator poli, Tam lentus audis scelera?
tam lentus vides?
Oh, calm yourself, gentle lord  although I know there’s enough written here on the ground to enrage even the mildest person, and make children exclaim with anger.
Certainly we will, if we can.
But if you hunt these bear cubs, then beware; their mother will wake, and if she sees you once, she’ll set the lion on you  for she lulls him to sleep while she plays on her back, and while he sleeps she'll do what she wants.
Yes, that’s my boy!
Your father has often done the same for his ungrateful country.
And so will I, uncle, if I live long enough.
Yes, by stabbing them in their hearts, grandfather.
No, boy, not that; I’ll teach you another way.
Lavinia, come.
Marcus, take care of my house while I’m gone; Lucius and I will go make a spectacle of ourselves at court.
Oh, heavens, can you hear a good man groan, and not stop these sufferings, or take pity on him?
Marcus, care for him in his madness, since he now has more scars of sorrow on his heart than marks of the enemy on his battered shield.
And yet he’s so attached to justice that he won’t take revenge.
Look, Demetrius, here's the son of Lucius  and he's got some message to give us.
Yes, some mad message from his mad grandfather.
My lords, I bring greetings from Andronicus with all the humility I can.
And I pray the Roman gods punish you both!
Thanks, lovely Lucius; what's the news?
That we've found you out, that's the news, and know that you're rapists.
What's this?
A scroll tied around?
Oh, it's a verse by Horace , I know it well; I read it in school a long time ago.
Yes, right, a verse from Horace.
And I love to see this great lord bow to us and send us gifts.
Doesn't he have reason, Lord Demetrius?
Didn't you treat his daughter in a very friendly way?
I wish we had a thousand Roman ladies like that, to take turns serving our lust.
A kind and loving wish.
We just miss your mother to say "amen.  "
And she would wish we had twenty thousand more.
Come, let's go and pray to all the gods for your beloved mother in her labor pains.
Pray to the devils; the gods have given up on us.
Why do the emperor's trumpets make that sound?
Probably because the emperor has a son.
Look!
Who's that?
Good morning, lords; oh, tell me, have you seen Aaron the Moor?
Well, they've seen me more or less, or they never saw me at all  here's Aaron.
Oh, gentle Aaron, we're all ruined!
Help, or we'll be miserable forever!
Why do you scream and cry like that?
What's that bundle in your arms?
Oh, something that I would hide from the eye of heaven   the shame of our empress and the disgrace of noble Rome!
She is delivered , lords; she's delivered.
To whom?
I mean, she's had a child.
Well, God give her a good rest afterwards!
What sort of child has he given her?
A devil.
Why, then she's the devil's mother; a happy birth.
By God, you whore!
Is black so terrible a color?
Sweetheart, you are a beautiful flower, you are.
Villain, what have you done?
That which you can't undo.
You have undone our mother.
Villain, I have done your mother.
And in doing that, hellish dog, you've undone her.
Oh, let her good luck come to an end, and damn her disgusting choice!
Curses on the offspring of such a foul devil!
It shall not live.
It shall not die.
Aaron, it must; the mother orders it.
What, it has to die, nurse?
Then let no one but me kill my own flesh and blood.
I'll stab the tadpole with the point of my blade; nurse, give it to me.
Before you do that, this sword will tear out your bowels.
Will you betray your noble mistress like this?
Our mother will be forever shamed by this.
Rome will hate her if this foul thing lives.
The emperor, in his anger, will condemn her to death.
I can't stand to think of this humiliation.
Why, that's because you're white: your treacherous color so easily betrays what you're thinking, since you blush so easily!
Aaron, what should I tell the empress?
Then let's sit down and think.
How many women saw his child?
Ah, see, brave lords!
When we're working together, I'm like a lamb; but when you cross me, the boar, the mountain lioness, and the ocean are not so powerful as Aaron in rage.
But tell us, again; how many have seen the child?
Cornelia the midwife, me, and no one else but the empress.
What are you doing, Aaron?
Why did you do this?
Aaron, I see you wouldn't trust the air with your secrets.
For this favor to our mother, we're very grateful to you.
Now, swift as a sparrow, I'll go to the Goths, to leave this treasure in my arms and secretly greet the empress's friends.
Come on, Marcus, come; kinsmen, this is the way.
Sir boy, now let me see your archery; make sure you draw home and shoot straight.
Terras Astraea reliquit : remember it.
Marcus, justice is gone, she ran away.
Oh, Publius, isn’t this distressing, to see your noble uncle so mad?
And for that reason, my lord, we make sure to watch him all day and night, and take care of him as best we can, until perhaps time will heal him.
Kinsmen, his sorrows are past fixing.
Join the Goths, and by going to war take revenge on Rome for this ingratitude, and on the traitor Saturnine.
Publius, how are you?
How are you, my masters?
What, have you found her?
It’s wrong to make me wait.
I’ll dive into the burning lake in the underworld, and pull her out of Acheron by the heels.
Kinsmen, shoot all your arrows at the palace; we’ll annoy the prideful emperor.
Now, masters, draw.
My lord, I aim a mile beyond the moon; I've sent your letter to Jupiter.
Ha, ha!
Publius, Publius, what have you done?
See, see, you've shot off one of Taurus's horns .
Why, there they go: God give joy to his lordship!
Oh, the gibbet  maker!
He says that he has taken the gibbets down again, for the man won’t be hanged until next week.
But what does Jupiter say, I ask you?
Sorry, sir, I don’t know Jupiter; I’ve never had a drink with him in my life.
But villain, aren't you the messenger?
Yes, I carry pigeons, sir  nothing else.
Why, didn't you come from heaven?
From heaven!
Tell me, can you deliver a speech to the emperor with a grace ?
No, truly, sir, I've never said grace in my life.
Man, come here; don’t say anything else, but just bring your pigeons to the emperor; you’ll get justice from him, for my sake.
Wait, wait; here’s money for your trouble.
Give me pen and ink.
Man, can you deliver a petition gracefully?
Yes, sir.
Then here is a petition for you.
And when you come to him, you must first kneel, then kiss his foot, then give him your pigeons, and then wait for your reward.
I'll be close by, sir; make sure you do it well.
Leave it to me, sir.
Do you have a knife?
Come, give it to me.
Here, Marcus, fold it in the letter, for you’ve made it look like a humble petition.
And when he’s given it to the emperor, knock at my door, and tell me what he says.
God be with you, sir; I will.
Come, Marcus, let's go.
Publius, follow me.
Why, lords, this is an outrage!
Has there ever been a Roman emperor oppressed, disobeyed, and troubled like this  and treated with such contempt, simply for enforcing the law?
My lords, you and the mighty gods know that whatever these disturbers of the peace say, buzzing like bees in the common people's ears, that what happened to old Andronicus's sons was just and legal.
Hello, good man!
Do you want to speak with us?
Yes, indeed, if you're an imperial lady.
I'm the empress, but the emperor is there.
It's him.
God and Saint Stephen give you good evening; I've brought you a letter and a couple of pigeons.
Go, take him away, and hang him immediately.
How much money do I get?
Go on, man, you must be hanged.
Hanged!
By our Lady, then I've come to a good end.
Spiteful and intolerable treatment!
How can I endure this monstrous behavior?
I know where this came from  can I bear this?
He acts as if his traitorous sons, that died lawfully for murdering my brother, have been unjustly killed by me!
What do you have to report, Aemilius?
Raise an army, my lord  Rome has never been under attack like this before.
Fierce warrior Lucius is general of the Goths?
Why should you be afraid?
Doesn't the city have strong defenses?
Yes, but the citizens prefer Lucius, and will rebel against me to support him.
King, your thoughts should be as imperial as your name.
Is the sun dimmed when gnats fly in it?
But he won't beg his son to stop the attack.
I'll deliver the message as well as I can.
Now I'll go to old Andronicus and deal with him with all the cunning I have, to get him to bring proud Lucius here from the warrior Goths.
And now, sweet emperor, be cheerful again, and don't be afraid, since I'm taking care of it.
Then go now and talk to him.
Faithful friends and proven warriors, I've received letters from Rome telling me how much they hate the emperor and how eagerly they look forward to our arrival.
So, great lords who are impatient with the wrongs done to you, however Rome has hurt you, make sure you repay it threefold.
Everything he says, we say with him.
I thank him humbly, and I thank all of you, too.
But who's that, led by a Goth warrior?
Famous Lucius, I went ahead of the army to see a ruined monastery, and as I looked at the building, I heard a baby cry underneath a wall.
Don't touch the boy; he is of royal blood.
But he's too like the father to ever be good.
First hang the child so he can see it die, which is a sight that will distress a father's soul.
Get me a ladder.
Lucius, save the child, and bring it to the empress from me.
Say what you have to say: if I'm pleased with what you say, your child will live and I'll see it taken care of.
If it please you!
Tell what you know.
Swear that he will, and then I'll talk.
What can I swear?
You don't believe in any gods; if that's true, then how can you believe an oath?
So what if I don't?
By my god, I swear to you that I will.
The first thing you should know is that his mother is the empress.
Oh, insatiable and lustful woman!
Oh, Lucius, that was a charitable deed compared to what you'll hear from me soon.
It was her sons that murdered Bassianus, and they were the ones who raped your sister, cut out her tongue, and cut her hands and trimmed her as you saw.
Oh, horrible villain!
You call that trimming?
Why, yes, she was washed and cut and trimmed, and it was good fun for those who did it.
Oh, barbaric animals, just like you!
What, can you say all this and not blush with shame?
Yes, like a black dog , as the saying goes.
Aren't you sorry for these horrible crimes?
Yes, I'm sorry that I didn't do a thousand more.
Cut the devil down; he doesn't deserve such an easy death as hanging.
If there are devils, I wish I were one, and could live and burn forever in fire  so that I could see you in hell, and continue to torment you with my bitter words!
Sirs, shut him up, and don't let him say anything else.
My lords, a messenger from Rome is here asking to see you.
Let him come in.
Welcome, Aemilius.
How does our general respond?
Aemilius, if the emperor gives these promises to my father and my uncle Marcus, we'll come.
So, I’ll go to Titus dressed in this strange costume, and tell him I am Revenge, sent from below to help him right his terrible wrongs.
I’ll knock at the door to his study  which is where he spends most of his time, they say, plotting ways to take revenge  and tell him Revenge has come to help him destroy his enemies.
Who’s bothering me?
Are you trying to make me open the door, so that I’ll lose my resolve and all my work will come to nothing?
You’re wrong if you think that will happen  for I’ve written my plan on this paper in blood, and what is written will be done.
Titus, I've come to talk with you.
If you knew who I was, you'd talk to me.
Are you Revenge?
And have you been sent to me to torture my enemies?
I am; so come down and welcome me.
Do something for me before I come to you.
These are my agents, and come with me wherever I go.
Are these your agents?
What are their names?
They’re called Rape and Murder because they take revenge on rapists and murderers.
Good Lord, they look a lot like the empress’s sons!
And you look like the empress!
But we mortal men have miserable, mad eyes that are easy to deceive.
Oh, sweet Revenge, now I’ll come to you; and, if you can be happy with a one armed embrace, I’ll embrace you soon.
What do you want us to do, Andronicus?
Show me a murderer, I'll deal with him.
Show me a villain that's raped someone, and I'm here to take revenge on him.
If you show me a thousand people who have wronged you, I'll take revenge on all of them.
You’ve told us well; we’ll do it.
Marcus, my brother!
Sad Titus is calling for you.
I'll do it, and return soon.
Now I’ll go and take revenge for you, bringing my agents with me.
What do you think, boys?
Will you stay with him while I go tell my husband the emperor how I’ve handled this new joke?
Play along, be nice, and stay with him until I return again.
Madam, go whenever you want; leave us here.
Goodbye, Andronicus; Revenge is going now to lay a plot against your enemies.
I know you are.
Tell us, old man, what should we do?
Oh, I have enough work for you to do.
Publius, Caius, and Valentine, come here!
What do you want us to do?
Do you know these two?
They're the empress's sons, Chiron and Demetrius.
Oh, Publius, you’re wrong.
Stop, villains!
We are the empress's sons.
And so we’ll do what we’re told.
Gag them, don’t let them speak a word.
Is he tightly bound?
Make sure they can’t escape.
Come, come, Lavinia; see, your enemies are in chains.
Uncle Marcus, since my father wants me to come back to Rome, I’ll do it.
And we're with you, whatever happens.
May some devil whisper curses in my ear and give me the words, so that I can say all the venomous things that are in my heart!
Get away, inhuman dog!
Unholy slave!
Soldiers, help our uncle take him away.
The trumpets show that the emperor is here.
What, is there more than one sun in the sky?
What's the point of calling yourself a sun?
Rome's emperor, and nephew, stop it; these differences must be discussed quietly.
Marcus, we will.
Why are you dressed like that, Andronicus?
Because I wanted to make sure that everything was perfect for you and your wife.
We're grateful to you, Andronicus.
If you knew what's in my heart, you would be.
It was, Andronicus.
Why do you think so, mighty lord?
Because the girl shouldn't live any longer after having been dishonored, and by staying alive she reminds him of his grief.
Who have you done?
I've killed the girl who made my eyes blind with tears.
I am as miserable as Virginius, and have a thousand times more cause than him to do this horrible thing.
What, was she raped?
Tell us who did it.
Will you eat?
Will it please your highness to enjoy the food?
Why have you killed your only daughter like this?
Go bring them here now.
Die, madman, for this murder!
Can a son watch his father bleed and do nothing?
You'll die for this!
Now it's my turn to speak.
All hail Lucius, Rome's royal emperor!
Go, go into old Titus's sad house,  And bring that atheist Moor here, so that we can condemn him to some horrible death as punishment for his evil life.
All hail, Lucius, Rome's gracious governor!
Thanks, gentle Romans; I hope that I'll govern graciously, to heal Rome's wounds and suffering.
Oh, grandfather, grandfather!
I wish I were dead, so that you could live again!
Oh, God, I can't talk through my tears; they'll choke me if I open my mouth.
You sad family, stop your mourning to pass judgment on the evil man who is responsible for all this suffering.
Oh, why should I be silent when I'm so angry?
Will this problem never be solved?
Have I not been persistent?
Have I not been persistent?
Even this have I endured.
Patience personified, whatever kind of goddess she is, is able to endure less suffering than me.
I sit at King Priam 's royal table , but when beautiful Cressida comes into my thoughts.
.  .   No!
"When Cressida comes" is a treacherous phrase.
Well, she was prettier last night than I ever saw her or any other woman look.
Oh Pandarus!
I only say what is true.
You can't describe all of her virtues.
Honestly, I will not meddle in your problem anymore.
Don't be so hasty, good Pandarus!
Are you angry with me, Pandarus?
Surely not with me?
Don't I say she is fair ?
I don't care if you do or not.
Pandarus.  .  .
It's nothing to do with me.
Sweet Pandarus.  .  .
Be quiet, awful noises!
Be quiet, unpleasant sounds!
Both sides of this war are fools!
Helen has to have a beautiful face if her blush is painted on with your blood.
I cannot fight for this cause, it is a weak reason for me to draw my sword.
Hello, Prince Troilus!
Why haven't you gone to battle?
That Paris has come back with an injury.
Who injured him, Aeneas?
Menelaus, Troilus.
Let Paris bleed, it's only a laughable injury when Paris is injured with Menelaus's horn .
Listen, there is good sport outside the city walls today.
There would be sport inside the walls if I had what I wanted.
But talking about the sport outside, are you going out to fight?
As quickly as I can.
Come, let's both go.
Who were those men that passed?
Queen Hecuba and Helen.
And where are they going?
Why was Hector so angry?
Rumor is that a soldier with Trojan ancestry named Ajax, a nephew of Hector's, has joined the Greek army.
Okay, so why is that a problem?
People say Ajax is an incredible soldier, and stands out.
All men may stand unless they are sick, drunk or have no legs.
But why does this man, who sounds funny to me, make Hector angry?
Who's coming now?
Madam, that is your uncle Pandarus.
Hector is a brave man.
As brave as any man in the world.
What was that?
What was that?
Good morning uncle Pandarus.
Good morning cousin Cressida, what are you talking about?
Good morning Alexander.
How are you, cousin?
Since when were you in Ilium?
This morning, uncle.
What were you talking about when I arrived?
Had Hector woken up and left before you came to Ilium?
Helen wasn't awake was she?
Hector has gone, but Helen wasn't awake.
Ah I see, Hector got up early.
That was what we were talking about, that and his anger.
Was he angry?
That's what Alexander told me.
What?
Who, Troilus?
Troilus is the better man of the two.
By Jupiter, you cannot compare the two men.
What?
No comparison between Troilus and Hector?
Yes, if I had seen the front of him and "knew" him .
Well, I say Troilus is Troilus .
Then we agree, because he is certainly not Hector .
This is fair to both of them: they are both themselves.
"Himself!  "
If only!
Poor Troilus, I wish he were himself.
He is himself.
As likely as me walking to India without shoes.
He is not Hector.
Himself!
No, he's not himself.
Excuse me .
He is older.
Pardon?
Hector will not need Troilus's intelligence, if he has his own.
Hector will not be able to match Troilus's qualities.
It wouldn't matter.
Troilus will be the more beautiful.
Hector would look silly, since his beauty is better than Troilus's.
No, he has dark skin.
In truth, it is dark but not that dark.
In truth, true and not true.
Helen praised Troilus's complexion more than she praised Paris's complexion.
I see, Paris has a good enough color.
This is true.
I promise, I think Helen prefers Troilus to Paris.
Then Helen is truly promiscuous.
I am quite sure she does prefer Troilus to Paris.
They met in privacy the other day, and you know, he has not more than three or four hairs on his chin.
Even a barmaid could add them up.
That is because he is very young, and yet he can lift as heavy a weight as his brother Hector.
He is a young man used to carrying other people's things ?
But, as proof that Helen loves him, she came and put her white hand on his split chin.
Oh God!
Why is it split?
Oh, he smiles well.
Right?
Yes, like a rain cloud in autumn.
Oh shut up, but look, to prove to you that Helen loves Troilus.  .  .
If you can make that happen I am sure Troilus will stand happily to see it.
Troilus!
Why, Troilus doesn't think better of her than I think of a rotten egg.
If you loved rotten eggs as much as you love stupidity, you would eat nothing else.
Without any provocation .
And she happens to see a white hair on his chin.
Poor chin, that has less hair than most warts.
Wept stones .
Cassandra also laughed.
Hector also laughed.
Why were these people laughing at all?
Well, at the white hair that Helen had seen on Troilus's chin.
If it was a green hair I might have laughed too.
They weren't laughing at the hair, they laughed at his clever response.
What was his response?
She said: "There are only fifty two hairs on your chin, but one of them is white.  "
That's what Helen said, not what Troilus said.
True, I don't doubt that.
Please let it stay ended, that story took ages.
Right, cousin.
I told you something yesterday, think about it.
I am thinking about it.
It's all true, he will cry after you as if he were a man born in April .
I'll grow in his tears like a nettle during May .
I'll do whatever you like.
Don't talk so loudly.
That's Aeneas.
Who's that?
Will he give you the nod?
You'll see it.
It will only make you more insufferable .
Look, there, that's Hector, he is a brave man!
Go on Hector!
He's a brave man, niece.
Oh brave Hector!
Look at his physique!
Look at his face!
Isn't he a brave man?
Oh, he is definitely a brave man!
Isn't he?
It makes me proud to see him.
Look at those gashes on his helmet!
Do you see them?
Are they from swords?
Look over there niece, isn't he also an impressive man?
He is looking strong.
Didn't somebody say he was injured today?
Who's he?
That's Helenus.
I wonder where Troilus is.
That's Helenus.
I'm not sure he went out to fight today.
That's Helenus.
Is Helenus a good fighter, uncle?
Helenus?
Oh, sure, he fights well enough.
I do wonder where Troilus is though.
Listen!
Can't you hear the people shouting "Troilus?"
Helenus is a priest.
Who is that skulking man over there?
Where?
Over there?
That's Deiphobus.
Oh that is Troilus!
What a man, niece!
Wow!
Brave Troilus, a prince of chivalry!
Be quiet uncle, you're being embarrassing.
Pay attention, look at him.
Oh brave Troilus!
More soldiers are coming.
Asses, fools, idiots!
They are like eating porridge after meat.
I would be happy having only seen Troilus.
Oh don't look at these men, they are lesser men, like crows instead of eagles.
I would rather be Troilus than Agamemnon or any other Greek.
Among the Greeks there is Achilles, who is a better man than Troilus.
Achilles!
Pah, Achilles is a cart driver, a servant, a camel of a man.
If you say so.
"If I say so!  "
What, are you a great judge now?
Do you have eyes?
Do you have any idea what makes a good man?
Ha, that would make an unmanly man, who has all the ingredients except for the most important one.
Ahh!
You are like other women, how is any man supposed to understand you?
I would lie on my back to defend my belly , I would rely on my wit to defend my desires, I would lie secretly to defend my honor, wear a mask to defend my beauty, and beat you down to defend these virtues.
Say one of your prayers for protection.
You are an odd one .
Sir, my lord wants to speak to you urgently.
Where?
At your house, he is removing his armor there.
Good boy, tell him I am coming.
I fear he will be hurt.
Good bye, niece.
Goodbye, uncle.
I shall see you shortly.
Why?
To give you a gift from Troilus.
If you do that you are a pimp .
Princes, what sadness has made you look so pale?
With due respect to your office, great Agamemnon, I Nestor shall continue your words.
being a mighty and respected king.
Troy would have been razed and Hector would be dead if it were not for the following reasons.
Ulysses has very wisely revealed the cause of our weakness.
If this is our sickness, Ulysses, what is our cure?
By these two men's mockery, two men who you rightly say are perceived to be our best soldiers, are many other soldiers infected .
If this is how they behave Achilles's horse is worth much more than him.
What?
A trumpet?
Men are coming from Troy.
Why are you stood before our tent?
Please tell me, is this mighty Agamemnon's tent ?
It is.
May I, as a messenger and as a prince, deliver a message to the king?
You are kind and generous.
How should I know which of these men are the princes?
What?
This Trojan either mocks us, or the Trojans are very polite courtiers.
Sir, Trojan, are you Aeneas?
Yes, Greek, that is my name.
Why are you here?
Sir, I may not say, I must speak only to Agamemnon.
No news arrives from Troy that he does not hear.
I do not come to whisper privately with him, rather I will wake him with my trumpet, and then I will speak to him.
Heaven forbid such a lack of young, eager men.
Amen.
Fair lord Aeneas, give me your hand, that I may guide you to my tent.
Nestor!
What are you thinking, Ulysses?
What is it?
I agree, but how?
Although the brave, young Hector offered this challenge to everyone he intended it only for Achilles.
And do you think he will rise to the challenge?
Yes, it is almost certain, who else could possibly defeat Hector apart from Achilles?
I do not know who these strange followers are, what are you talking about?
Thersites!
What if Agamemnon had boils all over him ?
Thersites!
You dog!
If that happened we might finally see something meaningful coming from him.
You son of a bitch, are you ignoring me?
Curse you, you thick mongrel of a lord.
If you talk, you rotten yeast, I will beat you back into shape .
Toadstool , tell me what the proclamation says.
Do you think I have no feelings?
Read the proclamation!
You are proclaimed to be a fool, I think.
Do not push me, little satirist, my hands are itching to beat you again.
I wish you itched from head to toe and that it was my job to scratch you, I'd scratch you until you were the most disgusting scab in Greece.
When you are actually out in the battlefield you are no quicker to engage than anyone else.
I am telling you, read the proclamation!
Mistress Thersites.
You should hit Achilles.
Worthless creature!
He would pound you into pieces with his fists, just like a sailor breaking a biscuit .
You son of a whore!
Oh go ahead.
You toadstool!
Go on, you brutish lump.
You dog!
You worthless lord!
You worthless creature!
Woah there, Ajax!
Why are you hitting him?
Why, Thersites, what is wrong?
You see that man, yes?
Yes, what is the problem.
Look at him.
I am, what is the problem?
No, really look at him.
Well, I am looking at him.
I know that, fool .
Yes well the fool does not know himself .
Which is why I hit you .
Oh look here, what small pieces of wit come out of his mouth!
He has the wit of a donkey.
What do you think of him?
I think this Ajax.
Be gentle, good Ajax.
Has not got enough wit.
Leave it Thersites.
To fill the eye of Helen's needle, who is the only reason he was brought here.
Be silent, fool.
I would happily live in peace and quiet, but the fool will not, he is the fool, look at him.
Oh you cursed wretch!
I shall.  .  .
Will you set your wit against that of a fool?
I doubt he will, because my wit will make him look stupid again.
Good one, Thersites.
Why are you arguing?
I asked the stupid creature to tell me what the proclamation said, and he started insulting me.
I am not your servant.
Well then, go away, begone.
I serve in the army as a volunteer.
Are you mocking me too now, Thersites?
Ulysses and old Nestor, whose wit was mouldy by the time your grandfathers had toenails, are still able to get you two to be like ploughmen for their wars.
Pardon?
Oh yes , hya Achilles, hya hya Ajax.
I shall cut out your tongue.
Okay stop now Thersites, be silent.
I'll be silent on the orders of Achilles's bitch, shall I?
That's what you get for helping him, Patroclus.
Good riddance.
Goodbye, who shall fight him?
I don't know, it will be a matter of chance, otherwise his opponent would be obvious.
Oh, you mean yourself.
I will go find out more.
Even after all the time, lives, and messages that have gone by Nestor still sends the message from the Greeks: "Deliver Helen, and all other damage, all honor, wasted time, effort, money, wounds, friends, and whatever else that is wasted in this war, shall be forgotten.  "
Hector, what do you think of this?
Away, away, brother!
It is no wonder you are so dismissive of concern and reason, you are empty of such things.
Shouldn't our father rely on reasons to make his judgments, seeing as you have nothing reasonable to say?
You only care about dreaming and sleeping, priest and brother of mine.
Brother, Helen is not worth the price of keeping her.
What is anything worth except what we decide it is ?
Cry, Trojans, cry!
What is that noise?
Who is screaming?
It is our mad sister, I recognize her voice.
Cry, Trojans!
It is Cassandra.
Cry, Trojans, cry!
Give me ten thousand eyes, and I will have them all weep for what will happen.
Be quiet, sister, calm down!
Virgins and boys, the middle aged and the wrinkled elderly, young children that can do nothing but cry, join me in moaning!
Let us begin early to pay off the debt of tears we will have.
Cry, Trojans, cry!
Get your eyes used to tears!
Now, young Troilus, do our sister's prophecies not make you doubt yourself?
Or are you so madly excited that no amount of reason, nor fear of defeat or moral wrong doing, can make you change your mind?
Otherwise the world will think your wisdom and my actions were worthless, but I swear that it was your agreement that made me hurry to ignore my fears and embark on my dangerous task.
I couldn't have done all this on my own.
Sir, I'm not only concerned with the pleasures I take from her beauty, but would rather our actions be proved honorable by us keeping her.
It would be a kind of treason to Helen, disgraceful for you all, and shameful for me, to give her up because of shameful obligation!
That's exactly what I was trying to say, if there was no glory in carrying on the fight I wouldn't want another drop of Trojan blood to be spilled in her defense.
I will help you, brave son of Priam.
Oh Thersites!
What, are you stuck in a maze of your own hate?
Will the elephant Ajax win over you like this?
He hits me and I insult him, oh that's a worthy payback!
I wish it were the other way around, and I could hit him whilst he shouted at me.
God's foot, if I have to learn magic and how to conjure demons I will do it, to make my hatred productive.
Then there's Achilles, a strange sapper .
If Troy isn't taken by these two, it won't be until the walls fall over on their own.
Who's there?
Thersites!
Oh good, come in and start complaining.
If my memory was able to remember a gilded fake you would not have left my prayers: but it's not important.
What, are you devout?
Were you praying?
Yes, may the heavens hear me!
Who's there?
Thersites, my lord.
Where, where?
Have you arrived?
Oh, my entertainment, my comedian whilst I eat, why haven't you performed whilst I eat for so long?
Come on then, what is Agamemnon like ?
He is your commander, Achilles.
Now tell me, Patroclus, what's Achilles?
He is your lord, Thersites.
I am the one who understands you, Patroclus.
You can tell me if you know me.
Tell him, tell him.
I'll begin from the beginning.
Agamemnon commands Achilles, Achilles is my lord, I am Patroclus's knower, and Patroclus is a fool.
You rascal!
Be quiet, fool!
I am not finished.
He is allowed to speak .
Go on, Thersites.
Agamemnon is a fool, Achilles is a fool, Thersites is a fool, and as I have already said, Patroclus is a fool.
How did you figure this out, then?
Why am I a fool?
Ask God, who will be your judge.
It is enough for me that you are.
Who is coming here?
These are good tricks and traps.
My argument was a baseless show, a clever argument that will make these men argue and fight to the death.
Now, a plague on the subject!
Let war and greed ensnare everyone!
Where is Achilles?
He's in the tent, but he's ill, my lord.
Let him know we are here.
I will tell him this.
We saw him at the entrance of his tent so he can't be sick.
Why is Ajax so angry at Achilles?
Achilles has taken his fool from him.
Who do you mean, Thersites?
Yes.
Ajax probably has nothing to think about, without Thersites to argue with.
No, the fool takes his argument from his keeper.
A friendship that isn't wise can be easily broken by folly.
Patroclus is coming back.
Without Achilles.
The elephant has joints but no knees to bow with, its legs are only for walking, not for showing respect.
I don't want to speak to a middle man, we will come in too.
Ulysses, go in.
Is he better than anyone else?
He thinks he is.
And is he as good as he thinks he is?
Do you think he thinks he is better than me?
Undoubtedly.
Do you agree with him, and think he is better than me?
No, noble Ajax, you are as strong, valiant, wise, noble, and more gentle than he, and much more easily ordered to do things.
Why is anyone proud?
Where does pride come from?
I don't even know what pride is.
Your smarter and more virtuous for being that way, Ajax, proud men tarnish themselves.
I hate proud men as much as I hate the reproduction of toads .
Yet he is a proud man, what does that imply?
Achilles will not fight tomorrow.
What's his excuse?
He doesn't have one, but carries on acting as he has been without respect for anyone else, solely on his own authority.
Why won't he, when we have so politely asked him, leave his tent and talk with us?
Let Ajax go to see him.
Dear lord, go and greet him in his tent, it is said that he respects you, and will at your request be persuaded to make some small change in his behaviour.
Oh Agamemnon, don't let that happen!
Oh this is excellent, Ulysses is playing Ajax perfectly.
Look at how he silently enjoys this applause.
If I go to him, I'll smash him in the face with my armored fist.
Oh no, you mustn't go in.
If he is proud to me, I'll sort his pride out.
Not for all the honor of defeating Troy.
He is a small, insolent man.
Ajax could be describing himself!
Is it so much for him to come out?
The pot is calling the kettle black .
I'll spill his arrogant blood .
He should be the patient, but wants to be the doctor.
If all men thought like me.  .  .
Being witty would no longer be in fashion.
He should eat swords before he acts like this.
If it was allowed to win it'd half be your fault.
He would have ten portions of pride.
I will pound him like bread , I'll make him give in.
He's not ambitious enough yet, stuff him with more praise, go, go, he's not ready.
My lord you let Achilles's snubbing of you play too heavily on your mind.
Noble general, do not think about it.
You must prepare for the battle with Hector without Achilles.
Saying Achilles's name is upsetting Agamemnon.
Here is a man who could be our champion.
Why shouldn't you speak of it?
Ajax isn't as proud as Achilles is.
But the whole world knows he is as brave.
That son of a bitch, how dare he swindle us like this?
I wish he were a Trojan.
How terrible would it be if Ajax now.  .  .
If he were proud.  .  .
Or sought after praise.  .  .
Yes, or if he was aloof.  .  .
Or refused to be sociable.
Will you be my father and mentor?
Yes, my good son .
Follow his directions, lord Ajax.
We shouldn't wait around here, the unsociable Achilles won't come into the open.
Let's go to the council.
Let Achilles sleep, he will only weigh us down .
You there, friend!
I wish to speak with you, aren't you follower of the young lord Paris?
Yes, sir, I follow him when he walks in front of me .
He provides your livelihood, I mean?
Sir, I am provided for by the lord .
You are provided for by a noble gentleman, who deserves praise.
The lord be praised.
You know who I am, right?
Honestly, sir, only vaguely.
Friend, we should know each other better.
I hope we can be better friends .
I hope so.
Are you in a state of grace ?
A grace ?
No, friend, I am called 'your honor' and am only a lord.
What is this music?
I only partly know, sir, but the music has many parts .
Do you know the musicians?
Yes, sir.
Who are they playing for?
They are playing to the people that are listening, sir.
For whose pleasure, friend?
Well it pleases me, sir, and anyone else that loves music.
Not "pleasure," I meant "command," friend.
Who will I command, sir?
Friend, this conversation isn't working, my language is too courtly and you are too quick witted.
Who has asked these people to play?
You mean my cousin Cressida?
You've clearly not seen Lady Cressida, man .
I am here to speak with Paris on behalf of Prince Troilus, I will go on a charm offensive as my business with him is boiling hot .
Is your business wet?
Your language itself is over cooked.
I hope you and your companions are all well, my lord!
Good sir, you speak very kindly .
You speak well, sweet queen.
Sweet prince, I like the pieces of this music.
Honestly, my lady, I'm not.
Honestly, I am a very bad singer.
You speak well, my lord, speaking with such a rhythm.
I have business with Paris, dear queen.
My lord could I have a word with you?
No, you won't come between us in this way.
My lord Pandarus, sweet lord.  .  .
Sweet queen, sweet queen!
Please don't be upset with me, I beg you.
To upset a sweet lady is a sour offense.
No, that won't work, it really won't.
No, I don't care for such words, no and no.
Anyway, Troilus wants you to excuse him if the king asks to see him at supper, and asks that you would give an excuse for him.
My lord Pandarus.  .  .
What is it my sweet queen, my very very sweet queen?
No, my lord listen to me.  .  .
What is it sweet queen?
My cousin will fall out with you.
I cannot say where he will be eating.
I'll bet my life Cressida's stolen him away from my company.
No, no, nothing of the sort, you couldn't be further from the truth.
Sure, I'll make an excuse for him.
Ah, thank you my lord.
Why did you think it was Cressida?
It couldn't be her, because she's ill.
I spy .  .  .
You spy!
What do you spy?
Quickly, give me an instrument.
Now I will play, sweet queen.
Oh, suddenly you are very keen to play.
My niece is jealous of you , sweet queen.
Whatever she wants I am sure she'll have it, so long as it isn't Paris.
Oh be civil, I'll hear no more of this.
Yes, yes, play now.
Honestly, sweet lord, you do look so handsome and smart.
Yes, you may treat me like that.
Ah, yes.
It will be about love.
Ah wonderful, sing about nothing but love, love, love.
Truly I will, and now I begin.
Love, love, nothing but love, even now!
This is love alright, summed up perfectly.
Love eats nothing but doves, and that causes a hotness in the blood.
Is this really where love comes from?
Hot blood, heated thoughts, and lustful actions?
These things sound like a can of worms.
Is love a can of worms?
He's keeping tight lipped, I'm sure you know why, Lord Pandarus.
I don't, sweet queen.
I wonder how the battle has gone today.
Remember to excuse Troilus from dinner?
I will excuse his whole body.
Goodbye, sweet queen.
Say hello to your niece for me.
I will, sweet queen.
Sweetheart, I love you more than I can say.
Hey!
Where's your master?
Is he at my cousin Cressida's house?
No sir, he is waiting for you to take him there.
Oh, here he comes.
Hi, how's it going?
Servant, you may leave.
Have you seen my cousin?
Wait here in this orchard, I'll bring her over soon.
I am giddy, and dizzy with excitement.
She's getting ready, she will soon come here, so pull yourself together.
Hey now, why are you blushing?
Shame is for children.
Here she is, tell her all those feelings you told me.
What's this, are you going away?
Do I have to guard over you while you're tamed ?
Come along, come along, if you try and run off, I'll have to hold you still.
Why aren't you saying anything?
Come, let's take off this veil and see your face.
You've left me speechless, lady.
Will you go inside, my lord?
Oh Cressida, I have so often wished you would call me that!
You have, my lord?
Well may the gods grant.
There's more dirt than water, if my fears are correct.
Fear makes good things seem bad, it hides the truth.
Not only no monsters, but nothing monstrous at all?
They say that all lovers promise more than they can do but don't do everything that they can, promising ten times what they can do and doing only a tenth of it.
Isn't it monstrous that they can speak like lions but only act like hares?
Do such people exist?
Will you go inside, my lord?
You're still blushing?
Have you not finished talking?
Uncle, if I talk too much I must have learnt that from you.
Well now you have two hostages: your uncle's promise and my oath of loyalty.
I feel bold and confident now.
Prince Troilus, I have loved you desperately for many long months.
Why were you so hard to win over then?
As you wish.
How cute.
My lord, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to seem like I was begging for a kiss.
Oh I am ashamed of myself.
Oh heavens!
What have I done?
You have to leave, sweet Cressida?
Leave?
If you go anywhere before tomorrow morning.  .  .
Please, don't argue.
What is upsetting you, lady?
My own behavior, sir.
You can't leave yourself.
No one speaks as well as you without knowing what they are saying.
I'd argue against that.
Well it would be a virtuous argument, when one truthful person argues with another about who is most true.
Go for it, that sounds like a deal.
Seal the deal, and I will be your witness.
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.
Now, princes, the time has come for me to ask you for a reward for the service I have done for you.
What would you like, Trojan?
Ask for it.
You have a Trojan prisoner called Antenor, who you captured yesterday.
I'll do this, I am honored that I can be of service.
What, does the general come to speak with me?
You know my decision, I won't fight against Troy anymore.
What is Achilles saying?
Does he want to talk with me?
Do you want to say something to the general, my lord?
No.
He has nothing to say, my lord.
Excellent.
Hello, good day.
How are you?
How are you?
Huh, does the cuckold treat me scornfully?
Hello, Patroclus!
Good morning, Ajax.
Huh?
Good morning.
Yeah, have a good week.
What is wrong with these people?
Don't they know me?
What, have I lost my reputation?
Hello, great son of Thetis.
What are you reading?
That is not strange, Ulysses.
I know, they all walked past me earlier and looked at me like I was a beggar, saying nothing and not even looking at me.
I have good reasons for not coming out.
Hah, what do you mean?
Are you surprised?
Nothing escapes the notice of a good government, even the affairs of the gods can not be kept private from their spies, and thoughts can be understood before they are spoken.
Will Ajax fight Hector?
Yes, and maybe become famous for defeating him.
My reputation is at stake, my good name has been attacked.
You won't have to bother fetching Thersites.
There is an incredible sight!
What?
Ajax is pacing up and down the field looking for "a jakes.  "
Why?
He must fight one on one with Hector tomorrow, and is proudly confident that he will be heroically defeated so he walks around saying nothing loudly .
How is that possible?
I want you to tell him something from me, Thersites.
Me?
He won't speak to anyone, it's like a motto to him: speaking is for beggars.
Jupiter bless the great Ajax!
Hmm!
I have come on behalf of the worthy Achilles.  .  .
Ha!
Who very humbly asks you to invite Hector to his tent.  .  .
Hmm!
And to get a guarantee of safety from Agamemnon.
Agamemnon!
Yes, my lord.
Ha!
What is your reply?
God bless you with all my heart.
Your response, sir?
Your response, sir?
A warm goodbye.
Surely he isn't really like this?
Oh, but he is .
Come here, I want you to deliver a letter to him.
I should take it to his horse, his horse is more sensible.
This is all very troubling, and I don't know how the future will play out.
Look there!
Who is that?
It's the lord Aeneas.
Are you the Prince himself?
If I had as good a reason not to get out of bed as you, prince Paris, nothing but prayer would get me to leave my wife alone.
I agree.
Good morning, Lord Aeneas.
Greetings to both of you.
We aren't enemies at the moment, so for now I hope you are well!
But when we start fighting again, by Jupiter, I'll try to kill you with all my strength, skill, and intelligence.
It will be like you are hunting a lion, one that will run from you facing towards you.
But now I greet you as a human, welcome to Troy!
Now, on my father's life, welcome!
By Venus my mother's hand I promise, that no one has ever loved a person they intend to kill as much as I do now.
We understand each other well.
Yes, and we both hope that the other will be worse as well.
This is the most violent and polite greeting I have ever heard of, with the most noble and hateful love.
Why are you up so early, lord?
I was told to come to the king, but I don't know why.
I am certain you are right, Troilus would rather we gave Troy to Greece than Cressida to the Greeks.
It can't be helped, this bitter time demands that it must be so.
Go, lord, we'll follow you.
Goodbye everyone.
You're too unkind towards your countrywoman.
Don't get up , my dear, it's cold this morning.
Then I'll have my uncle open the gates, my lord.
Goodbye, then.
I beg you, go to sleep.
Are you tired of me?
Oh Cressida!
Night has been too short.
Curse the witch !
If you have troubled sleep she seems to last forever, but if you are holding your lover she barely lasts long enough to realize.
I beg you, stay.
You men never stick around.
What, why are all the doors open?
It is your uncle.
Curse him.
He's going to start mocking me again.
Well, well.
What's the price of virgin?
Hey, you there young girl !
Where's my cousin Cressida?
Go hang yourself, naughty mocking uncle!
You go about making me do something, and then you laugh at me for it as well.
Do what ?
Do what?
Let her say what, what have I helped you do?
Oh behave, have some decency!
You'll never live a good life, nor allow others to live good lives.
Ha ha!
Alas, poor wretch!
Ah, poor thing .
Haven't you slept last night?
Would the naughty boy not let the thing sleep?
Oh what a naughty man!
What did I say he would be like?
I wish someone would knock him out.
Who's at the door?
Good uncle, go and see.
Haha.
Come on, you're wrong, I'm not thinking about that.
They are knocking so loudly!
Who's there?
What's the matter?
You're going to break the door down!
What's the matter?
Enter AENEAS AENEAS enters.
Good morning, lord, good morning.
Who's there?
My lord Aeneas!
Is Prince Troilus here?
Here?
Why would he be here?
You say he's here?
Hey, what's the matter?
This has been decided?
By Priam and the politicians of Troy, they are outside ready to make it happen.
My success has turned to despair!
I will go and meet them, my lord Aeneas, I'll pretend to have just been passing by, don't say you saw me here.
Is it possible?
No sooner got than it is lost?
I'd give Antenor to the devil!
The young prince will go mad, I hope a plague takes Antenor!
I wish the Greeks had broken his neck!
Hey, what's the matter?
Who was here?
Ah, ah!
Why are you sighing so deeply?
Where's my lord?
He's gone!
Tell me, sweet uncle, what's the matter?
Oh gods!
What's the matter!
I beg you, go inside, I wish you had never been born!
I knew you'd be the thing that kills him.
Oh, poor gentleman!
A plague upon Antenor!
Good uncle, I beg you, on my knees, I beg you, what's happened?
Oh gods!
I will not go.
You have to.
Do, do.
I'll tear out my hair and scratch at my cheeks, scream until my throat hurts, and break my heart crying Troilus's name.
I will not leave Troy.
It is late in the morning, and nearly time we give her to this brave Greek.
Good brother Troilus, go tell the lady what she has to do, and tell her to be swift.
I know what it is to love, and wish I could help him.
Please go in, my lords.
Be reasonable, be reasonable.
Why are you telling me to be reasonable?
He is coming.
Oh, such a sweet couple.
Oh Troilus!
Troilus!
These two are an extraordinary sight!
Let me embrace you too.
Cressida, I love you so purely that the divine gods are taking you away from me, as they are angry that my devotion to you is stronger and more passionate than my devotion to them.
Are the gods envious of me?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
And is it also true that I must leave Troy?
A hateful truth.
And must I leave Troilus too?
You have to leave Troy and Troilus.
How can it be?
My lord, is the lady ready to leave?
Listen!
Why am I not crying?
I feel like I need to cry or my heart will be torn out.
I have go to the Greeks, then?
There is no way of stopping it.
I will be a sad Cressida among happy Greeks.
When will we meet again?
Listen to me, my love.
Are you questioning my truth?
How come?
What an evil judgment on me is that?
Oh, you will face dangers, my lord, as immediate as they are infinite!
But I will be true to you.
I will befriend danger.
Wear this sleeve .
Wear this glove.
When will I see you?
I'll bribe the Greek guards, so that I can see you at night.
Just be true to me.
Oh heavens.
He's telling me to "be true," again!
Oh heavens!
You don't love me.
Then I would die a villain!
Do you think I will be?
No.
But sometimes things happen against our will , and sometimes we are devils to ourselves if we assume that our power to resist temptation will not change.
No, my good lord.  .  .
Come, kiss me, and let us go outside.
Brother Troilus!
Good brother, come here, and bring Aeneas and the Greek with you.
My lord, will you be true?
Who me?
Welcome, Sir Diomedes!
Let us go to the gate.
This insult, Diomedes, will make you flee me on the battlefield.
Lady, give me your hand, and as we walk to the gate we'll talk between us only.
Listen, it is Hector's trumpet.
How has the morning already passed?
The prince must think I am late and neglectful, since I promised to ride out to the battlefield before him.
It's Troilus's fault.
We should go immediately.
You are here fresh and ready, waiting bravely for the time to fight.
Blow your trumpet loudly to give a message to Troy, terrifying Ajax, that the awful sound might assault his ears and bring him here.
You, trumpeter, here is my money.
There is no reply.
It's not been long enough.
Isn't that Diomedes with Calchas's daughter?
Is this the lady Cressida?
It is her.
Welcome to the Greek camp, sweet lady.
Our general greets you with a kiss.
But this is just the kindness of one man, she should be kissed by everyone .
That's good advice, I'll begin.
This is from Nestor.
I used to have a good reason to kiss.
Oh that terrible reason, the reason for all our suffering!
The reason is why we lose our heads to decorate his horns .
The first kiss I give you is from Menelaus .
Oh, good one.
Paris and I do all his kissing for him.
I'll have my kiss, sir.
Lady, if you don't mind.
Do you give a kiss or take one?
I bet my life that the kiss you take is better than the kiss you receive .
You're an odd man.
An odd man?
Lady, every man is just one person.
No, Paris isn't, and you know that because of him you are alone and he has got even with you.
That hurt .
I don't think it was me that hurt your head.
It's no competition, your nails against his horn .
May I, sweet lady, beg for a kiss from you?
You may.
I wish to.
Go on, then, beg.
Why then, for Venus's sake, give me a kiss when Helen is a virgin again and back with him .
I will honor that when what you say is true .
Then I'll never have a kiss from you.
Lady, may I talk with you.
She's a quick witted woman.
Bah, sod her!
The Trojans' trumpet.
Here come their soldiers.
Greetings to you, Greek rulers.
How will the winner be rewarded?
Or how do you intend that the victory be decided?
What conditions does Hector want?
He doesn't care, he'll obey any conditions.
This is how Hector speaks, confidently, a little proudly, and greatly underestimating his opponent.
Who are you, if you aren't Achilles?
If I'm not Achilles, I am nothing.
This won't be a fight to the death then?
I see.
This is Sir Diomedes.
They are already prepared to fight.
Who is that Trojan who looks so sad?
They are fighting.
Come on Ajax, defend yourself.
Hector you are fighting as if you're asleep, wake up!
His attacks are well aimed, good shot, Ajax!
You must stop fighting.
Princes, please stop.
I haven't even broken a sweat, let's fight again.
If Hector is happy to continue.  .  .
Both sides wait for your answer about what you will do.
We'll give you this answer: the outcome of this fight is an embrace.
Maybe I can have more success with my words, something I rarely get a chance to do.
It is Agamemnon's wish, and great Achilles wants to see the valiant Hector without his weapons.
Great Agamemnon is coming to meet us here.
Brave fighters!
Thank you, imperial Agamemnon.
I welcome you as well, famous Trojan lord.
I'd like to welcome you as well, warrior brothers, you are welcome here.
Who are you, may I ask?
The noble Menelaus.
Oh it's you?
Many thanks, by Mars!
Don't be upset that I don't pass on best wishes from your ex wife, but she told me not to .
Let's not talk about her now, sir, she's a bad topic.
Oh, excuse me.
This is old Nestor.
I wish my arms were as strong as yours, I cannot hold you so tightly.
I wish they could.
Ha!
By my white beard, I would fight with you tomorrow if I could.
Well, welcome, welcome!
I cannot believe I have lived to see this.
I wonder how Troy is still standing without you standing there to hold her up.
I know your face well, Lord Ulysses.
Ah, sir, many Greeks and Trojans have died since I last saw you and Diomedes in Troy as ambassadors.
Then we will leave it to him.
I shall interrupt you there, lord Ulysses!
Is this Achilles?
I am Achilles.
Take your fill of looking.
No, I am already done .
Tell me, heavens, how I should destroy him?
Should I attack there, or there, or there?
I need to know so that I may name the place where I wound him, and can know the breach out of which Hector's great spirit flew.
I think so, yes.
If you were an oracle and thought so, I would not believe you.
Are you asking me to do that for you, Hector?
Tomorrow I will find you, as terrifying as death.
I'll shake to that.
Would you be so kind as to take me there after we leave Agamemnon's tent?
If you wish, sir.
Would you mind telling me what Cressida's reputation was like when she was in Troy.
Did she not have a lover there who misses her?
Oh, sir, those who boast by showing their scars deserve to be mocked.
Will you go ahead, lord?
I'll heat Hector's blood with Greek wine tonight, and tomorrow I will cool it with my scimitar .
Patroclus, lets entertain him well.
Here comes Thersites.
Hey there, you heart of envy!
You ugly misfit, what's the news?
That you are what you look like, an idol for people who worship idiots.
Who from, worm?
You dish of fool , from Troy.
Who is staying in their tent now?
I'll laugh at his wounds .
Boy lover, you rogue!
What did you say?
Why, his male prostitute.
Are these your names I have been cursing you with?
No, you hateful arse, you son of a whore, you malformed wretch, no.
No?
Get out, you blister!
You finch egg!
My sweet Patroclus, I can't carry on with my plan to go to battle tomorrow.
This is a letter from Queen Hecuba, and has a message from her daughter, whom I love, which is making me promise not to break an oath I have sworn.
I can't break my oath even if it means the Greeks losing or my losing my fame.
The only vow I care about is this, and I'll obey it.
We've gone the wrong way, we've gone the wrong way.
No it is this way, there, where the light is.
I've asked too much of you.
No, not at all.
Here he comes to show us the way.
Welcome, brave Hector, welcome everyone.
Well, now I will say goodnight, fair prince of Troy.
Ajax will tell the guard to look after you.
Thanks and goodnight, Greek general.
Goodnight, my lord.
Goodnight, sweet lord Menelaus.
That's a "sweet" thing to say!
"Sweet" like a drain, "sweet" like a sewer.
Goodnight or welcome, if you are coming or going.
Goodnight.
Old Nestor is staying here, and you too, Diomedes, come in and keep Hector company with me.
I can't, lord, I have important business that must be seen to at once.
Goodnight, great Hector.
Give me your hand.
Aside to TROILUS] Follow his torch, he's going to Calchas's tent: I'll come with you.
Sweet sir, you honour me.
And so, good night.
Come this way, enter my tent.
Hey, is anyone awake in there?
Speak.
Who is asking?
I think that is Calchas.
Where's you daughter?
She is coming out to meet you.
Stand in the shadows, away from the light.
Cressida is coming out to him.
How are you, my ward ?
Oh, my sweet guardian!
Listen, I want to tell you something.
She's acting so familiar with him!
She will play with any man without knowing them first.
And any man may sing her song , if he can find her key .
Will you remember?
Of course I will remember.
Well, make sure you do, and prove what you say with actions.
What has he asked her to remember?
Listen.
Sweet speaking Greek, don't tempt me to do any more foolish things .
What kind of poor behavior is this?
No, then.  .  .
I'll tell you what.  .  .
Bah!
Tell me nothing.
A clever thing to say.
What did you promise you'd give to me?
Goodnight.
How can I endure this?
Quiet, Trojan!
Diomedes.  .  .
You better had.
Listen, let me say one thing into your ear.
Oh plague and madness!
Look, I beg you.
I beg you, stay.
You don't have the patience, come.
And so, goodnight.
No, you are still angry.
Does that bother you?
Oh your truth has died!
Woah, lord!
By Jupiter, I will be patient.
Guardian.
.  .   oh, Greek!
Pah, pah, goodbye, you time waster.
Honestly, I am not wasting your time.
You are shaking, my lord, will you leave here?
You are going to blow your cover.
She is stroking his cheek.
Come, come.
Luxury , like a little devil with a fat bottom and thick fingers is getting these two excited.
Go on, Lechery, go on!
So you will then?
Honestly I will, ha.
Give me a token so that I can be sure.
I'll fetch you one.
You have promised to be patient.
Here's her promise.
Here, Diomedes, keep this sleeve.
Oh beauty!
Where is your loyalty?
My lord.  .  .
I will be patient, or at least I won't move.
You look at that sleeve, take good care of it.
He loved me.
.  .   oh you unfaithful girl.
Whose was it?
It doesn't matter, I want it back.
I won't meet with you tomorrow night, I beg you, Diomedes, don't visit me again.
Now she whets his appetite.
I'll have it.
What, this?
Yes, that.
Oh, all you gods!
Oh, pretty gift!
I have already won your heart, so this token comes afterwards.
I swore patience.
I will have this.
It doesn't matter.
Come, tell me, whose was it.
It belonged to someone that loved me better than you will.
But now you have it, keep it.
Whose was it?
By Diana and all her companions, I will not tell you whose it was.
Tomorrow I will wear this on my helmet, and see if he comes forward.
If you were the devil himself, and wore it on your horns, I would still come and fight you.
Okay then, goodbye, you'll never see me again.
I'm getting bored of this.
Well, should I come when we agreed?
Same time?
Yes, come.
Oh Jupiter!
Goodbye until then.
Goodnight.
Goodbye Troilus.
Part of me still belongs to you, but another part of me cannot help itself.
Ah, women are so weak!
She couldn't sum herself up better, unless she said "My mind has become a whore.  "
It's over, my lord.
It is.
Why are we still here, then.
To make a record in my soul of everything that was said here.
Although these two are so deceitful together, that if I spoke the truth everything I said would be dishonest.
Although there is still some trust in my heart and some hope so stubbornly strong, that it turns upside down what my eyes and ears have seen, as if those organs had been created only to make up lies.
Was Cressida here?
Surely she wasn't here.
She definitely was.
I don't think I have gone mad, she wasn't.
I definitely haven't gone mad, Cressida was just here.
For the sake of womankind, let this not be believed!
What has she done, prince, that would be an insult to our mothers?
Nothing at all, unless that was her.
Will he convince himself out of it, despite all he's seen?
This, her?
Can the worthy Troilus really be as angry as he seems?
He'll beat him for his lover .
Oh Cressida!
Oh false Cressida.
False, false, false!
Let all lies be given your name, that way they'll seem glorious.
Oh, be patient, your anger is drawing attention to us.
I'll come with you, prince.
Courteous lord, goodbye.
Farewell, ugly beauty!
And, Diomedes stand up tall, you'll need a strong helmet to protect you!
I'll show you to the gates.
Since when have you been so angry, husband, that you won't listen to my advice?
I am sure my dreams predict something bad happening today.
Stop speaking, enough.
Where is my brother Hector?
Here he is, sister, in his armor and intent on fighting.
Oh, it is true.
Ha!
Tell them to blow my trumpet!
For heaven's sake, don't make any suggestion that you will go out there, sweet brother.
Go away, I say.
Oh, listen to her!
Hello there, young man!
Are you planning to fight today?
Cassandra, bring my father here to help persuade them.
What inappropriate mercy have I shown, good Troilus?
Tell me off for it.
Many times when a Greek soldier was defenseless in front of your sword, and you let them get up and live.
Oh, this is just fair play.
This is how idiots fight, by heaven, Hector.
Woah, woah.
For the love of all the gods, leave your pity at home with our mothers, when we are armed, we carry vengeance in our swords, and we must use them to do sad work, without becoming sad about it.
No, savage, you're wrong!
Hector, this is a war.
Troilus, I don't want you to fight today.
What is going to stop me?
Yes, but you should not go.
I must not break my promise.
Oh Priam, don't let him go!
Don't, dear father.
This foolish, dreaming, superstitious girl is the person making all these bad predictions.
Oh, goodbye, dear Hector!
I can see you dying!
I can see your eyes turning pale!
I can see blood pouring from your many wounds!
I can hear Troy screaming!
I can hear Hecuba crying!
Go away, go away!
Goodbye, still living Hector!
The men outside are fighting, listen!
Proud Diomedes believe me that I will either lose my arm or regain my sleeve!
Have you heard, my lord?
Have you head?
What is it?
A letter has come from the poor girl.
Let me read it.
Scatter and dance in the wind.
She still feeds my love for her with her words, but loves another person with her actions.
Now the two armies are fighting hard, I'll watch them.
You are wrong to say I'm retreating: I wasn't fleeing, bu being careful to withdraw from a place where I was outnumbered, alone in a crowd.
Defend your whore, Greek!
Fight for your whore, Trojan!
Now fight for the sleeve!
Who are you, Greek?
Are you able to fight Hector?
Are you brave and noble?
No, no, I am not a brave man, I am just a sick, unpleasant creature, a dirty rogue.
I believe you, you may live.
God bless you for believing me, but curse you for scaring me!
What's happened to the whoring thugs?
Maybe they have eaten each other up, that would be a hilarious sight, although I suppose lust and greed do consume the people they meet.
I'll find them.
I will go now, my lord.
Rally!
Go, show Patroclus's body to Achilles, and tell Ajax to arm himself.
Be brave, be brave, princes!
Troilus!
You are a coward Troilus!
Yes, over there, over there.
We are pulling together now.
Where is Hector?
Troilus, you coward Troilus, show yourself!
Troilus, I say!
Where's Troilus?
What do you want with him?
I want to correct him.
You aren't taking the pleasure of killing him away from me.
Troilus, I say!
Where are you, Troilus!
Oh it is the traitor Diomedes!
Turn your deceitful face towards me, you traitor, and die for stealing my horse!
Ha, where are you?
I want to fight him alone, stand back Diomedes.
I have the right to kill him, I won't just be a spectator.
Come, both of you cheating Greeks, I'll fight you both!
Is that Troilus?
Oh, you fight well youngest brother!
Now I see you, ha!
Defend yourself, Hector!
You can rest, if you like .
Goodbye, I wouldn't have let myself be so tired if I knew I would have to fight you.
What's this, here's my brother!
Ajax has captured Aeneas, should we allow him to do this?
Stand and fight me, you Greek.
You are a worthy target.
Gather around me, my Myrmidons, and listen to what I say.
Form up behind me and follow me as I turn, don't attack anyone but instead keep yourselves ready, and when I have found the bloodied Hector, surround him with your weapons and kill him fiercely .
The cuckold and the man who made him a cuckold are fighting each other.
Attack him, bull!
Attack him, dog!
Go, Paris, go!
Fight .
Go, Paris, go!
The bull can fight, watch out for his horns, woah!
Turn, slave , and fight.
Who are you?
One of Priam's bastards.
Curse you, coward.
Cowardly man, so beautiful on the outside, your beautiful armor has cost you your life.
I have disarmed, don't take advantage like this, Greek.
Attack, men, attack.
Now, Troy, you will fall next.
Fall, Troy, now!
Here's your heart, strength and support.
Carry on, Myrmidons, and cry out that "Achilles has killed the mighty Hector.  "
Listen, are the Greeks retreating?
The Trojan trumpets are doing the same thing as ours, my lord.
Come, tie his body to my horse's tail, I'll drag the Trojan through the battlefield.
Listen!
Listen!
Who is shouting like that?
Drums, stop playing!
Achilles!
Achilles!
Hector's slain!
Achilles!
The message is that Hector's slain, and by Achilles.
Let's carry on walking back, send someone to ask Achilles to see us in our tent.
If the gods have let Hector die then Troy is ours and these awful wars will be over.
Keep fighting!
Hector is dead.
Hector!
Oh gods, don't let it be true!
He's dead, and he is being dragged through the shameful battlefield from his killer's horse's tail like an animal.
Be angry at this, gods, and smite them!
Oh gods, sitting on your thrones, and smile on Troy!
Put us out of our misery, and don't prolong our destruction!
My lord, you are upsetting our army.
You don't understand me, I'm not saying we should run away, or be afraid, or that we will die, but I challenge all imminent dangers from gods and men that they are preparing for me.
Hector is dead, and who is going to tell Priam or Hecuba?
Listen, listen!
Go away, you middleman!
Oh, this is a good medicine for my aching bones!
Oh world!
World!
World!
In this way the poor servant is hated!
Oh traitors and matchmakers, how honestly are you made to work, and how badly are you rewarded?
Why should people love what we make possible, but hate us when we do it?
If music feeds love and makes it stronger, then keep playing music.
Give me too much of it, so much that it kills my longing for love and makes it go away.
Play that part again it sounded melancholy.
Oh, it sounded to me like a sweet breeze blowing over a bank of violets, stealing their scent and distributing it to everyone.
That's enough now, no more music.
It doesn't sound as sweet as it did before.
Do you want to go hunting, my lord?
Hunting what, Curio?
The hart.
I am already hunting a hart , but it's also my heart being hunted.
Oh, when I first saw Olivia, it seemed to me that she purified the air with her very presence.
What country is this, friends?
This is Illyria , my lady.
And what should I do in Illyria?
My brother is in Heaven .
Or perhaps there's a chance he didn't drown.
What do you think, sailors?
It was only by chance that you yourself were saved.
Oh, my poor brother!
But maybe he has been saved by chance too.
True, madam.
Here's some gold to thank you for telling me this.
My own escape gives me hope for my brother, and what you've told me now gives me even more reason to hope.
Do you know this country?
Yes, madam, I was born and raised less than three hours' travel from here.
Who rules here?
What is his name?
Orsino.
And he still is, or was very recently at least.
I only left here a month ago, and at that time there was a popular rumor as, you know, people gossip about the nobility that he was courting the fair Olivia.
Who's she?
Oh, I wish that I could serve that lady then I wouldn't have to reveal myself to the world until I was ready to identify my place in society.
That would be hard to bring about, because she won't allow anyone in to see her, not even the duke's men.
You seem to be a good man in both behavior and appearance, captain, and even though nature often makes beautiful people corrupt on the inside, I believe that you have a noble mind to fit your good looks and manners.
Please and I'll pay you well for this help me conceal my identity, and find me the disguise that will suit my intentions.
I want to serve this duke.
You will present me to him as a eunuch .
It will be worth your trouble, for I can sing and speak well, and he will surely consider me for his service.
What might happen after that, only time will tell.
You must only match my wit with your silence and discretion.
You will be his eunuch, and I will be your mute attendant.
If I tell your secret, may I lose my sight.
I thank you.
Lead me on.
What is ailing my niece, that she reacts so strongly to her brother's death?
I'm now sure that caring too much is bad for one's health.
By God, Sir Toby, you must come home earlier at night.
Your niece, my lady, strongly disapproves of the late hours you keep.
Well, let her disapprove of me I disapprove of her.
Yes, but you must at least confine yourself within the limits of order and decency.
Confine myself?
I'll only confine myself to these clothes I'm wearing.
They're good enough to drink in, and these boots are too.
And if they aren't, then let them hang themselves by their own straps.
Who, Sir Andrew Aguecheek?
Yes, him.
He's as tall and brave as any man in Illyria.
What does that have to do with anything?
Well, he has an income of three thousand ducats a year.
Yes, but he'll only make all those ducats last for one year.
He's foolish, wasteful, and reckless.
How dare you say so!
By God, anyone who says that about him is a villain and a naysayer.
Who said that?
They also say that he gets drunk with you every night.
We are only toasting my niece when we drink.
I'll drink to her as long as there's a hole in my throat and alcohol in Illyria.
Sir Toby Belch!
How are you, Sir Toby Belch?
Sweet Sir Andrew.
And hello to you, pretty wench.
Hello to you, sir.
Accost her, Sir Andrew, accost her.
What's that?
This is my niece's chambermaid.
Good Miss Accost her, I look forward to knowing you better.
My name is Mary, sir.
Good Miss Mary Accost her
You're mistaken, knight.
I say, I wouldn't do that in this company.
Is that really what you meant by "accost her?"
Goodbye, gentlemen.
If you let her leave like that, Sir Andrew, you don't deserve to ever draw your sword again.
If you leave like this, miss, I swear I won't ever draw my sword again.
Why are you leaving, fair lady do you think you have fools on your hands here?
Sir, I'm not holding your hand.
Indeed, but you will be, and here's my hand.
Now, sir, everyone has a right to their opinions.
Please, take your hand to the dairy and let it drink.
What do you mean, sweetheart?
Is this a metaphor?
A dry one , sir.
Well, I should hope so.
I'm not such a fool that I can't keep my hand dry.
But what's the joke?
Just some dry humor, sir.
Are you full of such jokes?
Yes, sir, I have a handful of them.
Oh knight, you need some wine.
Have you ever been put down like that before?
Never, I think, except when I've been put down by too much wine.
Sometimes I think I'm no smarter than a humble, ordinary man.
But I eat a lot of beef, and maybe that hurts my intelligence.
There's no question about that.
If I really thought that, I'd give up beef altogether.
I think I'll ride home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
Pourquoi , my dear knight?
What does "pourquoi" mean?
Does it mean to do or not do?
I wish I had spent more time learning languages instead of fencing, dancing, and bear baiting .
Oh, if I'd only studied more!
Then you would have an excellent head of hair.
Why, would that have improved my hair?
Certainly, for you can see that it won't curl naturally.
But my hair still suits me well enough, doesn't it?
It looks excellent.
It hangs like flax waiting to be spun.
And I hope to see some hussy take it between her legs and spin it off with a venereal disease.
Truly, I'm going home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
Your niece refuses to see anyone.
Even if she did see me, chances are she'd reject me.
The duke himself is courting her nearby.
She'll reject the duke.
I'll stay a month longer then.
I must be the strangest fellow on earth.
Sometimes my greatest pleasures are masquerades, plays, and dancing.
Are you good at such trifles, knight?
As good as any man in Illyria, as long as he isn't better than I am.
And yet I'm not as good as an experienced dancer.
How good are you at the fast dances, knight?
Well, I can cut a caper .
And I can cut the meat to go with your capers .
And I think I can do that tricky backward step as well as any man in Illyria.
Why do you keep these things hidden?
Why do you keep your gifts behind a curtain?
Are you afraid they'll get dusty, like some woman's portrait?
Why don't you show off your skill by going to church dancing a galliard and coming home dancing a coranto?
If I were you, even my walk would be a dance.
I wouldn't even pee unless I was dancing at the same time.
What do you mean by this?
Is this a world where we should hide our virtues?
I could always tell from your excellent legs that you were born under a dancing star.
Yes, my legs are strong, and they don't look bad in brown stockings.
Should we have a little dance?
What else are we going to do?
Weren't we born under the sign of Taurus?
Taurus!
But that governs the torso and the heart.
No, sir, it governs the legs and the thighs.
Let me see you dance.
Ha, higher!
Ha ha, excellent!
If the duke keeps favoring you like this, Cesario, you're likely to get promoted very high.
He's only known you for three days, and already he's treating you like a friend.
You must be afraid of his moodiness or my faults, if you think there's any chance that he'll stop liking me.
Is he usually fickle in his moods and favors?
No, believe me.
I thank you for telling me.
Here comes the duke.
Hey, has anyone seen Cesario?
I'm here, my lord, at your service.
Give us some privacy for a while.
Cesario, you know everything about me.
I have opened the book of my most secret soul to you.
But my noble lord, if she is really as brokenhearted as they say, she is sure to deny me an audience.
And if I do get to speak to her, my lord, what do I do then?
Oh, then describe the passion of my love for her.
I don't think so, my lord.
Dear boy, believe me.
Anyone who says that you're a man is denying you the happy years of your youth.
Your lips are as smooth and ruby red as the goddess Diana 's.
Your small voice is like a girl's, high and clear, and the rest of you is feminine as well.
I know you have been predestined to do this job.
Four or five of you go with him.
All of you can go if you want to, for I feel my best when I'm away from people.
If you succeed in this you will live as well as I do, and share in all my fortune.
Let her hang me then.
A well hanged    man doesn't need to be afraid of anything he sees.
Explain and clean up your language.
That's a meager answer .
And I can tell you where you got that saying about not being afraid of anything.
Where, good Mistress Mary?
From soldiers at war.
And it's bold of you to talk like a soldier, when you're only a fool.
Well, let God give wisdom to those who have it.
But you'll still be hanged for being gone so long.
Or at least fired and kicked out, and wouldn't that be just as bad for you?
You are firm in your resolve, then?
No, but I am resolved on two points.
Yes the two points where your suspenders are buttoned on.
If one breaks, the other will hold.
Very clever, really, very clever.
Well, go along now.
If only Sir Toby would stop drinking, you'd be a woman who was as funny as any person in Illyria.
Quiet, you villain, no more of that.
Here comes my lady.
Come on, wit, give me something good to say now!
Those people who think they're witty often prove to be fools.
And I'm sure that I'm not witty, so I might pass for a wise man.
For what did the philosopher Quinapalus say?
"Better a witty fool, than a foolish wit.  "
Take the fool away.
Didn't you hear her, fellows?
Take the lady away.
That's enough you're a dull, dry fool.
I'm tired of you.
Besides, you're getting unreliable.
My holy lady, these are two flaws that some alcohol and good advice will fix.
If you give the dry fool a drink, then the fool won't be dry anymore.
Sir, I told them to take you away.
An error of the worst kind!
Can you do it?
Easily, my good lady.
Then prove it.
I must ask you some questions then, my holy lady.
Please answer them, my virtuous little mouse.
Well, sir, I have nothing better to do, so I'll go along with this.
Dear lady, why are you in mourning?
Dear fool, because of my brother's death.
I think his soul is in hell, lady.
I know his soul is in heaven, fool.
Then you're a fool, holy lady, to mourn your brother's soul being in heaven .
Now take away the fool, gentlemen.
What do you think of this fool, Malvolio?
Hasn't he gotten better?
Yes, and he will until the day he dies.
Old age and senility hurt wise people, but improve fools.
Then may God send you old age and senility, that you might become a better fool!
Sir Toby would bet a fortune that I'm not a clever man, but he wouldn't bet two cents that you're not a fool.
What do you say to that, Malvolio?
I'm surprised that your ladyship enjoys the company of such an empty headed villain.
The other day I saw him lose a battle of wits to an ordinary idiot who had no more brains than a stone.
Look at him now, he's without a witty retort already.
Unless you laugh and give him an opportunity, he can't think of a thing to say.
I declare that the so called wise men who laugh so hard at these jesters' well rehearsed routines are no better than jesters' assistants themselves.
Oh, you're sick with vanity , Malvolio, and it affects your good taste.
If you were generous, innocent, and friendly, then you wouldn't make such mountains out of mole hills.
There's no real harm in a professional fool, even if he does nothing but mock people.
In the same way there's no real mockery in a wise man, even if he does nothing but criticize people.
Madam, there's a young gentleman at the gate who greatly desires to speak with you.
Is he sent from Duke Orsino?
I don't know, madam.
He's a good looking young man, and has some attendants with him.
Which of my people is delaying him right now?
Sir Toby, madam, your uncle.
Send Sir Toby away, please.
He talks like a madman.
Shame on him!
I swear, he's half drunk.
Who is that at the gate, uncle?
A gentleman.
A gentleman?
What gentleman?
There's a gentleman here  Damn those pickled herring!
They upset my stomach.
Good Sir Toby!
Uncle, uncle, it's so early in the day how are you already so sick?
Tricks?
I hate tricks.
There's a man at the gate.
Yes, I heard, but who is he?
Let him be the devil if he wants to be, I don't care.
God will give me the faith to resist him.
It doesn't matter to me.
Tell me what a drunk man is like, fool.
He's like a drowned man, a fool, and a madman.
The first drink makes him a fool, the second makes him a madman, and the third drowns him.
He's still only in the second degree, my lady, so the fool will take care of the madman.
Madam, that young fellow out there swears that he must speak with you no matter what.
I told him you were sick.
He claims to know that already, and says that that's why he came to speak with you.
I told him you were asleep.
He claims to know that already too, and said that that's why he came to speak with you.
What should I say to him, lady?
He's too strong for all my excuses.
Just tell him that he won't speak with me.
I told him that already, but he says he'll stand at your door like a signpost or the leg of a bench until he is allowed to speak with you.
What kind of man is he?
Why, part of mankind.
But what is his manner?
He has very bad manners.
He says he'll speak to you whether you like it or not.
But what does he look like, and how old is he?
Let him enter.
Call in my lady in waiting.
Gentlewoman, my lady calls for you.
Give me my veil.
Come, throw it over my face.
Let's hear Orsino's offer once more.
Which of you is the honorable lady of the house?
Speak to me I'll answer for her.
What do you want?
Most radiant, exquisite, and unmatchable beauty but please, tell me if you're really the lady of the house, for I've never actually seen her.
I would hate to throw away my speech on the wrong person, for it is excellently written and was very hard for me to memorize.
Good beauties, please don't scorn me.
I'm very sensitive, even to the slightest bit of rudeness.
Where do you come from, sir?
I can only repeat what I've memorized, and that question isn't part of my lines.
Please, gentle lady, just assure me that you are the lady of the house, so I can go on with my speech.
Are you an actor?
No, my dear lady.
But I also swear that I'm not the same person as the part I'm playing.
Are you the lady of the house?
If I haven't stolen this role from myself, then I am.
Just tell me the important part.
I'll excuse you for skipping praise.
Oh, but I worked so hard memorizing it, and it's poetic.
Then it's more likely to be fake .
Please, keep it to yourself.
I heard you were rude at my gates, and I let you in because I was curious about you, not to hear your message.
If you're not crazy, then go.
If you're sane, be quick.
Will you set sail and leave now, sir?
Here's the door.
No, good sailor, I'll dock here a little longer.
My lady, would you call off your giant here?
Tell me what you want.
I am a messenger.
Then you must have a horrible message to deliver, since you're so afraid to get to the point.
Speak your business.
It only concerns you.
I'm not bringing a declaration of war or a demand for praise.
I'm only bringing you an olive branch .
My words are full of peace.
Yet you began rudely.
Who are you?
What do you want?
I only learned my rudeness from the way I was received here.
Who I am and what I want are as secret as a girl's virginity.
I have a holy message for your ears only.
It would be blasphemy for anyone else to hear it.
Everyone, leave us alone.
I will hear this "holy message.  "
Most sweet lady
This sounds like a comforting doctrine of faith, one that deserves to be spoken of.
Where is the sacred text your "holy message" comes from?
In Orsino's heart.
In his heart?
In what chapter and verse of his heart?
To continue this metaphor in the first chapter of his heart.
Oh, I have read that.
It's not a holy message, it's heresy.
Do you have anything more to say?
Good madam, let me see your face.
Did your lord order you to negotiate with my face?
You've gone off your script now.
But I'll draw the curtain and show you the picture.
Look, sir, this is a portrait of me in this present moment.
Isn't it well done?
It's excellently done, if that's the way God made it.
It's natural, sir.
Wind and rain won't wash it off.
It's truly beautiful your red lips and white skin painted by Nature's sweet and skillful hand.
My lady, you are the cruelest woman alive if you'll let your beauty go with you to the grave, instead of having children and passing it on.
Oh, sir, I won't be so cruel.
I'll give out lists of my beauty.
I see what you are you're too proud.
But even if you were the devil, you'd still be beautiful.
My lord and master loves you.
Such love as his couldn't be repaid even if you were crowned the most beautiful woman in the world.
How does he love me?
With adoration, with abundant tears, with thunderous groans, with passionate sighs.
Your lord knows my mind.
I cannot love him.
I'm sure he is a virtuous man, and I know he's noble, rich, and young.
Public opinion reports that he is generous, smart, and brave, both gracious in his manner and good looking.
But despite all that, I cannot love him.
If I loved you with my master's passion with such suffering and a life that is like death your rejection would make no sense to me.
Well, what would you do if you were your master?
I would build a little cabin outside your gates, and from there I'd call out to you, my soul, in your house.
I would write loyal songs about unrequited love and sing them loudly even in the dead of night.
I would shout your name to the hills and make their echoes cry out "Olivia!  "
There's a lot you would do.
What rank are your parents?
Go back to your lord.
I cannot love him.
Tell him not to send any more messengers unless, perhaps, you were to return and tell me how he takes my rejection.
Farewell.
Thank you for your trouble.
Here is something for you to spend.
I'm no paid messenger, my lady.
Keep your money.
It's my master, not myself, who's going without his due reward.
May the man you fall in love with have a heart of stone, and may your passion, like my master's, be scornfully rejected.
Farewell, you beautiful cruelty.
Here, madam, at your service.
Run after that irritating messenger who just left, the duke's man.
He left this ring behind, whether I wanted it or not.
Tell him I want nothing to do with it.
Tell him not to encourage Orsino, or get his hopes up.
I am not for him.
And tell that youth that if he'll come by tomorrow, I'll give him reasons why.
Now hurry up, Malvolio.
Madam, I will.
If you'll allow it, no.
At least let me know where you're headed to.
Truly, I can't, sir.
What a tragic day!
She was a lady who many people said looked just like me, but she was also considered beautiful.
But though I can't believe all that was said about her beauty, I will publicly declare this much about her: she had a beautiful mind.
Even people who were jealous of her would have to admit that.
Forgive me, sir, for not being a better host.
Oh good Antonio, forgive me for causing you trouble.
Let me be your servant and go with you if you won't return my devotion, you'll be killing me.
May the blessings of the gods go with you!
I have many enemies in Orsino's court, or else I would join you there soon.
Weren't you with the Countess Olivia just now?
Yes, just now, sir.
I've only made it this far, walking at a moderate pace.
She returns this ring to you, sir.
You might have saved me the trouble and taken it with you.
She also adds that you should make it clear to your lord that there is no hope she wants nothing to do with him.
And one thing more: you should never return here as Orsino's messenger again, unless it is to report how he takes the bad news.
Take the ring now.
She took that ring from me.
I don't want it.
Come, sir, you rudely threw it to her, and she wants it to be returned just as rudely.
If it's worth stooping to pick up, there it is where you can see it.
If not, let whoever finds it first have it.
I didn't leave any ring with her.
What does this lady mean by this?
God forbid that she's smitten by my appearance!
She did look intently at me, indeed so much that I thought her eyes had caused her to lose her tongue, for she spoke wildly and distractedly.
I think she loves me!
She is crafty in her passion, and has used this rude messenger to subtly invite me back.
So she doesn't want my lord's ring?
Well, he never sent her one.
I am the man she wants.
If this is true, which it is, then the poor lady would be better off loving a dream.
I now see that disguises are a tool to aid the resourceful devil.
How easy it is for attractive, deceitful men to mold women's hearts to their will!
Alas, it's our female frailty that's to blame we can't help it.
We turn out the way we're made.
Come, Sir Andrew.
No, truly, I don't know.
But I do know that to be up late is to be up late.
A false conclusion.
I hate your logic like I hate an empty wine goblet.
To stay up past midnight means going to bed in the early morning, so therefore to stay up past midnight is to go to bed early.
Doesn't life consist of the four elements fire, water, earth, and air?
Well, that's what they say, but I think life consists of eating and drinking.
You're a smart man.
Let us eat and drink then.
Maria, I say!
Bring us a big mug of wine!
Here comes the fool, actually.
How's it going, my sweethearts!
We are like that picture "We Three" three fools together.
Welcome, you jackass.
Now sing us a song.
I swear, the fool has an excellent voice.
I put your little gift in my pocket, for Malvolio can't keep his nose out of anything.
My lady has lovely white hands, and ancient warriors aren't low class taverns, you know .
Excellent!
Why, this nonsense talk is the best kind of fooling when all's said and done.
Now sing us a song.
Come on.
Here's sixpence for you.
Let's have a song.
There's money from me too.
If one knight gives a
Do you want a love song or a drinking song?
A love song, a love song.
Yes, yes.
I don't care about virtuous living .
That was excellent, truly.
Good, good.
A sweet voice if I ever heard one.
A catchy song.
Yes, both sweet and catchy, truly.
If we could hear with our noses, his plague breath would be sweet indeed.
But will we make the sky dance with our antics?
Will we wake up the night owl and sing loud enough to make people pray?
Will we?
If we're friends, let's do it.
I am dog at singing catches .
We'll do it then some dogs are good at playing catch.
Certainly.
Let our catch be "You Villain.  "
You mean "Shut your mouth, you villain," right?
If we sing that then I'll have to call you a villain, knight.
It won't be the first time someone has had to call me "villain.  "
You begin, Fool.
It begins, "Shut your mouth.  "
I won't ever begin if I shut my mouth.
That's a good one.
But come on, begin.
What a racket you're making out here!
My lady Olivia called up her steward Malvolio and told him to kick you out of the house it's true.
My lady Olivia's a trickster, we are clever plotters, Malvolio's
My my, the knight's very good at playing the fool.
Yes, he's good enough when he feels like it, and I am too.
He has more experience, but it comes to me naturally .
For the love of God, be quiet!
Masters, are you crazy?
What's wrong with you?
Have you no wit, manners, or honesty, that you're making such a racket at this time of night?
Are you trying to turn my lady's house into a noisy tavern by singing these rowdy songs without bothering to lower your voices at all?
Do you have no respect for people, this place, or this time of night?
We did respect the time, sir, in the beat of our songs.
So go hang yourself!
Sir Toby, I must be plain with you.
My lady told me to tell you that she lets you stay here because you're her relative, but she doesn't approve of your disorderly behavior.
Nay, good Sir Toby.
His eyes do show his days are almost done.
Is this really happening?
Sir Toby, there you lie.
This isn't helping your case.
What an if you do?
O no, no, no, no, you dare not.
You're out of tune, sir.
You lie.
You're nothing more than a steward .
Do you think that just because you are boring and virtuous, food and wine will disappear?
By Saint Anne, we'll have spiced ale too.
You've got the right idea.
Go rub your steward's chain in some crumbs , sir.
Maria, bring us more wine!
Miss Maria, if you care at all about Lady Olivia's approval, then you won't bring more wine and contribute to this boorish behavior.
She'll hear about this I'll tell her.
Go wiggle your donkey's ears.
Do it, knight.
I'll write a letter challenging him on your behalf.
Or I'll tell him your insults myself.
Sweet Sir Toby, be patient for tonight.
Ever since the Duke's young messenger visited Lady Olivia, she's been in a strange mood.
And as for Mister Malvolio, let me take care of him.
If I can't trick him into making a fool of himself and turn him into a big joke, then I'm not even smart enough to lie straight in my bed.
I know I can do it.
Give us the facts, give us the facts tell us something about him.
Well, sir, sometimes he acts like a Puritan  opposed to anything fun.
Oh, I'd beat him like a dog for that!
What, for being a Puritan?
And what's your far fetched reason for that, dear knight?
I don't have a far fetched reason for it, but my reason is good enough.
What will you do?
Excellent!
I can smell the trick.
I smell it too.
He'll think, based on the letters you drop, that they come from my niece, and assume that she's in love with him.
My purpose is indeed a horse of that color, so to speak.
And your horse would now make him into a jackass.
Yes, you jackass.
Oh, it's going to be great!
It will be royal fun, I promise you.
I know my medicine will work on him.
You two will hide, along with the Fool, in the place where I'll leave the letter.
Then you can observe how he interprets it.
But for tonight, it's time to go to bed and dream about this plan.
Farewell.
Good night, queen of the Amazons .
She's a good wench I swear.
She's a little purebred hunting hound, and she adores me.
What of it?
Someone once adored me, too.
Let's go to bed, knight.
You need to send for some more money.
If I don't marry your niece, then I'm going to be in horrible financial trouble.
Send for more money, knight.
If you don't end up with her in the end, then I'm a fool.
If I don't, never trust me again interpret that how you want to.
Come, come, I'll go warm up some sherry for us.
It's too late to go to bed now.
Come, knight.
Come, knight.
Give me some music.
Now, good morning, friends.
Now, good Cesario, have them play that old  fashioned song we heard last night.
It helped ease my passion and made me feel better, more than the silly songs and memorized words of these fast paced modern times.
Forgive me, my lord, but the man who should sing it isn't here.
Who is that?
Feste the jester, my lord, a fool that Olivia's father used to like.
He's somewhere in the house.
Go find him, and in the meantime you all play the tune.
It echoes poignantly in the heart.
You speak well.
I'd bet my life that, young as you are, you've fallen in love with a woman before.
Am I right, boy?
A little bit, sir.
What kind of woman is she?
She looks something like you.
She's not worthy of you, then.
How old is she?
About your age, my lord.
Then she's too old, by heaven.
I think you're right, my lord.
Then your beloved should be younger than you are, or you won't be able to maintain your feelings for her.
Women are like roses, whose beauty is greatest in the same hour that they fall from the stem and decay.
So they are.
It's too bad that this is how it is beauty starts to die just as it reaches its perfection!
Oh, you fellow, come sing the song we heard last night.
Are you ready, sir?
Yes; please, sing.
That's for your trouble.
It was no trouble, sir.
I take pleasure in singing, sir.
I'll pay you for your pleasure, then.
Allow me to let you leave now.
The rest of you can leave too.
But if she cannot love you, sir?
I cannot accept that answer.
Truly, but you must.
Imagine a lady who probably exists somewhere who loves you just as passionately as you love Olivia.
There is no woman strong enough to withstand the passion of love that's in my heart.
No woman's heart is big enough to hold so much emotion.
Women can't carry too much.
Yes, but I know
What do you know?
I know too well how strongly a woman can love a man.
Really, their hearts are as true as ours are.
My father had a daughter who loved a man just as strongly as I might love you, if I were a woman.
And what's her story?
Her story is blank, my lord.
But did your sister die of her love, my boy?
I am all of my father's daughters, and all of his sons too and yet I'm not certain of that.
Sir, should I go see this lady then?
Yes, that's right.
Go to her quickly.
Give her this jewel.
Say that my love cannot yield, and cannot be denied.
Come along, Mister Fabian.
I'm coming, don't worry.
If I miss the tiniest bit of this joke, may I get boiled to death.
Won't you be glad to see that pretentious, rascally dog get humiliated?
I'll rejoice, man.
You know, he got me in trouble with my lady Olivia once, when I held a bear baiting here.
We'll bring the bear back just to make him angry then, and we'll make a fool of him until he's ruined.
Won't we, Sir Andrew?
If we don't, it will be the worst mistake of our lives.
Here comes the little villain.
All three of you hide in the hedge.
Malvolio's coming this way down the path.
He's been over there practicing his elegant manner for the past half hour.
Watch him closely, if you love mockery, because I know that this letter will turn him into a starry eyed fool.
Now hide, if you love jokes!
All is luck, only luck.
Maria once told me that Lady Olivia liked me, and I've almost heard Olivia herself say that if she should love a man, he would be someone with my personality.
Besides, she treats me with more respect and admiration than anyone else in her service.
So what should I think of all this?
What an arrogant villain!
Oh, gimme a break!
By God, I'd like to beat him up!
Quiet, I say.
I could be "Count Malvolio!  "
Ah, that villain!
Somebody shoot him, just shoot him.
Quiet, quiet!
There are other instances of such things happening.
The Lady Strachy married her wardrobe assistant.
Curse him, wicked Jezebel !
Oh, quiet!
Now he's really lost in his imagination.
Look how his fantasies puff him up.
Imagine me after three months being married to her, sitting in my majestic chair
Oh, if only I had a slingshot, to shoot him in the eye!
Calling my servants around me, dressed in my embroidered velvet gown, having just come from the sofa where I've left Olivia sleeping
Bloody hell!
hispering] Oh quiet, quiet!
And then to have an expression of great authority, and to gravely survey the room and then tell them that I know my place, and I'd like them to know theirs.
My God!
Oh quiet, quiet, quiet!
Now, now.
Seven of my servants obediently would go to find him.
I frown while I wait, and perhaps wind my watch, or play with my with some rich jewel I'm wearing.
Toby approaches me and bows
Will we let this fellow live?
We must keep our silence even though it is hard to, when he's being this offensive.
I reach out my hand to him like so, extinguishing my usual smile and replacing it with a severe look of authority
And doesn't Toby give you a punch in the mouth then?
And I say, "Cousin Toby, since fortune has allowed me to marry your niece, I have the right to say this "
What, what?
"You must give up your drinking.  "
Out of here, you scab!
No, be patient, or we'll ruin our plan.
"And another thing you're wasting your valuable time with that foolish knight "
That's me, I'm sure.
"That Sir Andrew "
I knew it was me, for I've often been called foolish.
And what do we have here?
Now the bird approaches the snare.
Oh, quiet!
I hope the mood strikes him to read it out loud!
By God, this is my lady's handwriting  these are her C's, her U's, and her T's, and this is how she makes her big P 's.
It's her handwriting, without question.
Her C's, her U's, and her T's .
Why only mention those?
This is winning him over, heart and all.
"God knows that I love, But who!
Lips, do not speak; No man must know.  "
"No man must know.  "
But what's next?
The poem's meter changes.
"No man must know.  "
What if she's writing about you, Malvolio?
Damn, go hang yourself, you badger !
"I may command the one I love, But silence, like a knife, Cuts my heart with a bloodless wound.
M.  O.
A.  I.   rules my life.  "
An elaborate riddle!
Such a clever girl, I say.
"M.  O.
A.  I.   rules my life.  "
No, but first, let me see, let me see, let me see.
What a dish of poison she's prepared for him!
And see how eagerly he goes to eat it!
"I may command the one I love.  "
Well, she may command me.
I am her servant, and she is my lady.
This much is easy for anyone to figure out.
There's no difficulty here.
But the end what do those letters mean?
If only I could make them refer to me wait!
M.  O.
A.  I.
Oh, yes, notice that.
The trail's gone cold for him.
He'll pick up the scent eventually, no matter how much it smells of a prank.
"M" Malvolio.
"M" why, that's the first letter of my name.
Didn't I say he would figure it out?
This dog is excellent at tracking.
Yes, or else I'll beat him with a club and make him yell "O!  "
And then an "I" comes last.
Yes, and if you had an "I" in the back of your head, you might see more trouble behind you than good luck before you.
"M.  O.
A.  I.  "
I wouldn't have missed this entertainment for a pension of thousands, to be paid by the Shah of Persia.
I could marry that Maria for coming up with this scheme.
So could I.
Neither would I.
Here comes my noble fool catcher.
Should I kiss your feet?
Or should I?
Should I gamble away my freedom at dice, and become your slave?
Or should I?
Why, you've sent Malvolio into such a fantasy that he'll go mad when he learns the truth.
No, tell me the truth, did he fall for my letter?
He swallowed it hook, line, and sinker .
If you want to see the real results of this joke, then watch him when he first approaches my lady.
He'll come to her in yellow stockings a color she hates and with crossed laces on his legs a fashion she despises.
I'll follow you to the deepest gates of Hell, you witty devil!
I'll join the group too.
God bless you, friend, and your music.
Do you make your living by playing your drum?
No, sir, I live by the church.
Are you a clergyman?
Not at all, sir.
I live by the church because I live in my house, and my house is by the church.
You may as well say then that the king sleeps with a beggar if a beggar lives near him, or that the church stands next to your drum if your drum stands next to the church.
You're right, sir.
What a wonder this modern age is!
Yes, that's certainly true.
Those who play around with words too much can quickly make them changeable and promiscuous.
If that's so, then I wish my sister didn't have a name, sir.
Why, man?
Well, sir, her name's a word, and to play around with that word might make my sister promiscuous.
What's your reason for that, man?
Truly, sir, I can't give you a reason without using words, and since words have become so false and unreliable, I'm hesitant to use them for my proof.
I'll bet you're a happy fellow, without a care in the world.
Not so, sir, I do care for something.
But honestly, sir, I don't care for you.
If that means that I care for nothing, sir, then you should become invisible right now as you're nothing .
Aren't you the Lady Olivia's fool?
No indeed, sir, the Lady Olivia has no foolishness.
I saw you at Duke Orsino's recently.
Foolishness, sir, wanders about the earth like the sun .
It's everywhere.
May God, in his next shipment of hair, send you a beard !
Honestly, I'm telling you, I'm dying for one,  though I don't want it on my own chin I'm dying for a certain man with a beard.
Is Lady Olivia inside?
If I had a pair of these coins, sir, do you think they'd have children?
Yes, if they were kept together and invested .
I'd like to play the pimp, sir, and bring these two lovers together.
I understand you sir.
You're pretty good at begging.
It's no problem for me, sir, as I'm only begging on a beggar's behalf.
This fellow is wise enough to play the fool, and to do that well you have to be clever.
He has to pay attention to the mood and status of the person he's mocking, the time, and must also pursue every target he sees.
This is a skill that requires just as much work as any wise man's job, for he plays the fool very wisely.
God bless you, sir.
And you, sir.
May God protect you, sir.
And you also.
At your service!
I hope so, sir, and I am at your service too.
Will you come in the house?
My niece wants you to, if your business is with her.
I'm bound for your niece, sir.
I mean, she's the destination of my voyage.
Try your legs then sir, and put them in motion.
My legs stand under me better than I understand you, and what you mean by "try your legs.  "
I mean to enter the house, sir.
I'll answer you by walking in.
But we've been anticipated.
That youth's a classy fellow.
"Rain odors.  "
Nice.
My message can't be told to anyone, my lady.
[To himself)   "Odors," "willing," and "receptive.  "
I'll have to remember those.
Close the garden door and let me be alone to hear this message.
I offer you my obedience, madam, and my most humble service.
What is your name?
Cesario is your servant's name, fair princess.
My servant, sir!
The world has gone downhill since false humility started passing for a compliment.
You're Duke Orsino's servant, youth, not mine.
But he is your servant, so all that he has is yours too.
As for him, I don't think about him.
Madam, I've come on his behalf to improve your feelings towards him.
Oh, please, I beg you, I asked you never speak of him again.
But if you would tell me that another man loves me instead, I would rather hear that than angels singing.
Dear lady
Please, let me speak.
After the magic spell you cast on me last time you were here, I sent that ring to you.
I pity you.
That's a step towards love.
No, not a step.
It's a common experience that we often pity our enemies.
Then I think it's time for me to smile again.
Oh, how easy it is for the poor to be proud of something they don't have!
But if I must be defeated, then better to be defeated by a noble enemy than a lowly one.
Then I'm off to the west!
I wish you the best of fortune.
You don't have a message for the duke?
Stay, please, and tell me what you really think of me.
I think that you're not who you think you are.
If that's true, then I think the same thing of you.
I wish you were what I want you to be!
Would that be better, madam, than me being what I am?
Oh, look how beautiful he is even in his anger and contempt!
A murderer's guilt is easier to hide than feelings of love.
And I swear by innocence and by my own youth that I have only one heart and one love to give, and no woman has ever ruled them, and never will except for myself.
And so I'll say farewell, good madam.
I'll never again try to make you pity my master's passion.
But come again, for you might still convince my heart, which hates him now, to somehow accept his love.
No, really, I won't stay a moment longer.
What's your reason for leaving, my bitter friend?
Yes, you must tell us your reason, Sir Andrew.
Well, I saw your niece Olivia treating the Duke's messenger better than she has ever treated me.
I saw it in the garden.
Did she see you at the time though, old boy?
Tell me that.
Yes, she saw me as plainly as I see you now.
Then that was proof that she loves you.
What, are trying to make a fool of me?
I'll prove it to be true, sir, with judgment and logic.
And judgment and logic have been wise jury members since the time of Noah's ark.
She treated the youth so well while you were watching to exasperate and anger you, to wake up your meekly sleeping boldness, to fire up your passions.
You should have approached her that minute, whipped out some excellent jokes you invented right there on the spot, and humiliated the youth into silence.
That was the opening she gave you, but you missed it.
If I have to do something, it must be something brave, for I hate politics.
I'd rather be a heretic than a politician.
Well then, improve your fortunes through your bravery.
Challenge the duke's young servant to a fight.
Hurt him in eleven places.
My niece will notice this, and let me assure you, no matchmaker in the world can win you a woman's love like a reputation for bravery can.
This is the only way, Sir Andrew.
Will either of you deliver the message of my challenge to him?
Go and write it down, in fierce handwriting.
Be rude and brief.
It doesn't need to be witty, as long as it's eloquent and original.
Taunt him with all the possibilities of writing.
Where will I find you when I'm done?
We'll meet you in the little room.
Now go.
This knight is a beloved puppet to you, Sir Toby.
His letter's sure to be a work of art.
Never trust me again if I don't.
And by all means encourage the youth to answer the knight's challenge.
An oxcart couldn't haul them close enough together to fight.
As for
And his opponent, the youth, doesn't seem to have much aggression in his face either.
Look, here comes the smallest bird of all.
If you want to have a laughing fit, and really laugh until you split your sides, then follow me.
With crossed laces?
Yes, and they look awful like an unfashionable village schoolteacher.
Come, bring us, bring us where he is.
I didn't want to trouble you, but you seem to take pleasure in enduring suffering, so I won't scold you about it anymore.
I couldn't stay behind.
My desire to go was sharper than a knife, and it spurred me onward.
My kind Antonio, the only answer I can give you is thanks, and thanks, and infinite thanks.
We'll do that tomorrow, sir.
First we should find a place for you to stay.
Then you must have killed many of his men?
My deeds weren't so bloody as that, though we had just cause to shed some blood over that quarrel.
We could have since resolved the matter by paying reparations for the damage we did to them in battle, for the sake of maintaining our trade relations.
Then don't walk around too conspicuously.
It's not a good idea for me, certainly.
Wait, sir, here's my purse.
The best place to stay is an inn called the Elephant.
Why should I take your purse, though?
Just if some trinket should catch your eye and you want to buy it I have the feeling that your store of money isn't large enough for useless purchases.
I'll carry your purse then, and leave you for an hour.
And meet me at the Elephant.
I remember.
I've sent for him.
He says he'll come.
What food should I give him?
What gifts?
He's coming, madam, but in a very strange manner.
He seems crazy, madam.
Why, what's the matter?
Is he talking nonsense?
No, madam, he does nothing but smile.
It would be best if you had a guard nearby if he comes here, for the man is surely sick in his head.
Go call him here.
Sweet lady, hello.
Are you smiling?
I sent for you on a sad occasion.
Sad, my lady!
I could be sad.
These crossed laces do cut off the circulation in my legs a bit, but what of that?
If a certain person likes them, then it's like that poem says: "Please one, and please all.  "
Why, what's going on, man?
What is the matter with you?
My legs are yellow, but I don't feel blue.
The letter came to me, and its commands must be obeyed.
I think I recognized the fancy Italian handwriting.
Don't you think you ought to go to bed, Malvolio?
To bed?
"Yes, sweetheart, I'll come to you.  "
For God's sake!
Why are you smiling like that, and kissing your hand so often?
Are you okay, Malvolio?
You think I'll answer you?
Noblemen don't answer servants!
Why are you acting with such ridiculous arrogance in front of my lady?
"Don't be afraid of my greatness.  "
It was well written.
What do you mean by that, Malvolio?
"Some are born great "
What?
"Some achieve greatness "
What did you say?
"And some have greatness thrust upon them.  "
May heaven restore your sanity!
"Remember who it was who complimented your yellow stockings "
Your yellow stockings?
Crossed laces?
Am I a gentleman?
"If not, just keep acting like a servant.  "
This is surely insanity.
Madam, Duke Orsino's young gentleman has returned.
I'll go to him.
Oh ho!
Do you see me now?
Sir Toby himself has been told to take care of me.
This fits exactly with the letter.
She sends Sir Toby to me on purpose so that I can be rude to him, just as she told me to in the letter.
"Cast aside your lowly outer self," she said.
"Be rude to your companions, and be mean to servants.
Where is he, in the name of all that's holy?
Here he is, here he is.
How are you, sir?
How are you feeling, man?
Go away, I cast you off.
Let me enjoy my privacy.
Go away.
Oh my, the demon speaks so loudly from within him.
Didn't I tell you?
Sir Toby, my lady asks you to take care of him.
Aha!
Does she?
Come on, come on!
Quiet, quiet.
We must be gentle with him.
Let me deal with this.
How are you, Malvolio?
How are you feeling?
Come on, man, renounce the devil!
Remember, he's the enemy of mankind.
Do you know what you're saying?
Look, he resents it when you insult the devil !
Pray to God that he's not bewitched!
Sure, I'll do it tomorrow morning, I swear.
My lady would give a lot to keep from losing him.
What's that, mistress?
Oh Lord!
Please, keep quiet.
This isn't the way to go about it.
Don't you see that you're making him upset?
Leave me alone with him.
The only way to deal with him is gently, gently.
The demon in him is rough, but we can't treat it roughly.
Why, hello, my fine fellow!
How are you, little chicken?
Sir!
Yes, little chicken, come with me.
What, man!
You're too serious to play games with Satan.
Damn him, that dirty coal miner devil!
Get him to say his prayers, good Sir Toby, get him to pray.
My prayers, you hussy?
No, I'm telling you, he doesn't want to hear about God.
Go hang yourselves, all of you!
You are lazy, shallow creatures.
I'm made of better stuff than you.
You'll learn more about that, later.
Is it possible?
If this were being acted out on a stage, I would complain that it was unrealistic.
He's really taken our trick to heart it seems to have infected his very soul.
No, pursue him now, before he exposes the prank and it gets ruined.
Why, we're really going to make him crazy.
The house will be a calmer place for it.
Come, we'll get him into a madhouse soon enough.
My niece already thinks that he's crazy.
We can take it as far as we want, punishing him and having fun, until we're tired and out of breath from laughing so hard, and then we can have mercy on him and reveal the joke, and crown you, Maria, the prank's mastermind.
Come on, come on!
Here's more material for our comedy.
Here's my challenge; read it.
I promise that it's feisty enough.
Is it that insulting?
Yes, it is, I promise.
Just read it.
Give it to me.
"Youth, whatever you are, you're nothing but a filthy fellow.  "
Good, and brave.
"And don't be amazed or ask why I call you that, for I won't give you any reason for it.  "
Good job, that vagueness will keep you from being accused of slander.
"You came to the lady Olivia, and she was kind to you in front of me.
But you lie like a dog.
That's not what I'm challenging you about.  "
Very brief, and full of good sense.
"I will ambush you on your way home, and if you happen to kill me there "
Good.
"You'll be killing me like a criminal and a villain.  "
You're still keeping on the safe side of the law .
Good.
"Farewell then, and may God have mercy upon one of our souls.
He may have mercy upon mine, but my hope of surviving is better than yours, so watch yourself.
You have a very convenient opportunity for it.
He's doing some business with my lady right now, and he'll be leaving sooner or later.
Go, Sir Andrew.
Look for him in the corner of the garden as if you were a bounty hunter.
As soon as you see him, draw your sword, and swear horribly as you draw it.
No, I can't bear to swear.
Here comes the youth with your niece.
Stay away until he leaves her, and then confront him.
While I wait I'll come up with some horrible message to be the challenge.
I've said too much to your heart of stone, and carelessly laid my honor and reputation on that stone.
There's something in me that condemns my love, but that love is so willful and powerful that it ignores all condemnation.
My master's behavior in his passion for you is the same as yours in your passion for me.
Here, wear this locket for me.
My picture is inside.
Don't refuse it, please.
Unlike me, it has no voice to upset you with.
And I beg you to come again tomorrow.
What could you ask of me that I would deny, as long as I can retain my honor in giving it?
Nothing but this: give your true love to my master.
How could I keep my honor and give him what I have already given to you?
I will release you from any obligation to me.
Well, come again tomorrow.
Farewell.
A devil who wore your face could lead my soul to hell.
Hello, gentleman.
And hello to you, sir.
Prepare yourself with whatever fighting defenses you have.
I don't know what you've done to insult him, but someone is full of defiance and bloodthirstiness towards you, and he waits for you at the end of the garden.
Draw your sword and prepare yourself swiftly, for your assailant is quick, skillful, and deadly.
You must be mistaken, sir.
I'm sure no man has any reason to quarrel with me.
You'll find the truth to be otherwise, I assure you.
So if you value your life at all, be on your guard, for your opponent has all the youth, strength, skill, and anger that God can give to a man.
Please, sir, who is he?
I'll go back into the house and ask for a protective escort from the lady.
I'm no fighter.
I've heard of some men who pick fights with people on purpose, just to test their bravery.
This man must have that kind of personality.
No, sir.
His fury comes from a very real insult you gave him.
So go ahead and give him what he wants.
This is as rude as it is strange.
I beg you, please do me the favor of asking the knight how I've offended him.
It must be something I've done without knowing it, not on purpose.
I will do so.
Sir Fabian, stay with this gentleman until I return.
Please, sir, do you know anything about this matter?
Please, what kind of man is he?
I'll be in your debt if you can do it.
I'm a man who would rather deal with priests than with knights.
I don't care if everyone knows that I'm not brave.
Why, man, he's a real devil.
I've never seen such a virago.
I fought a round with him, with real swords and all, and his thrusts and lunges are so deadly that defeat is inevitable.
And when he strikes at you, he'll hit you as surely as your feet hit the ground they're standing on.
They say that he used to fence for the Shah of Persia.
Damn my luck!
I won't mess with him.
Yes, but now he can't be calmed down.
Fabian can barely keep him from coming over here now.
Damn it, if I'd known that he was so brave and skilled at fighting, I wouldn't have challenged him in a million years.
If he'll forget the whole matter, I'll give him my gray horse Capilet.
I'll make him the offer.
Stand here and put on a brave face.
We'll end this without anyone dying.
And I'll ride your horse just like I ride you.
There's nothing to be done, sir; he still wants to fight you just because he swore that he would.
But he's reconsidered his reasons for challenging you, and now realizes that they're so insignificant that they're not worth discussing.
So draw your sword so that he can fulfill his promise.
He promises he won't hurt you.
May God defend me!
Whatever insignificant insult I committed will now reveal just how unmanly I am.
Back off, if you see him get angry.
Come, Sir Andrew, there's nothing to be done.
The gentleman insists on fighting one round with you for his honor's sake.
The rules of dueling say he can't avoid it.
But he has promised me, as he is a gentleman and a soldier , that he won't hurt you.
Come on, get to it.
I pray to God that he keeps his promise!
I assure you, I wish none of this was happening.
Put away your sword.
If this young gentleman has offended you, then let the blame pass to me.
And if you've offended him, then I'll fight you on his behalf.
You, sir?
Why, who are you?
I'm his friend, sir, and I would do more to you for his sake than whatever he might have said he would .
Well, if you're someone who accepts challenges, then I'll challenge you.
Oh good Sir Toby, stop!
Here come the officers.
We'll continue this later.
Please, sir, put away your sword, please.
I will then, sir.
And as for what I promised you, I'll be as good as my word.
He is easy to ride, and responds well to the reins.
This is the man.
Do your duty.
Antonio, I arrest you on the orders of Duke Orsino.
You've mistaken me for someone else, sir.
No, sir, not a bit.
I know your face well, even without a sailor's cap on your head.
Take him away.
He knows that I've recognized him.
I must obey.
This happened because I was looking for you, but there's nothing to be done now.
I'll answer for what I've done.
But what will you do, now that I am forced to ask for my purse back?
Come, sir, let's go.
I must ask you for some of that money.
What money, sir?
I'll lend you what I can to thank you for the kindness you've shown me here, and because I pity your current troubles, but I don't have much.
I'll divide my money with you.
Here is half of all that I have.

Will you really deny that you know me now?
Is it possible that all I've done for you can't persuade you to help me?
Don't make my misery even worse, or make me so angry that I list out all the kind things I've done for you.
I don't know of any kind thing you've done, and I don't know your voice or your face.
I hate an ungrateful man more than I hate lying, vanity, babbling, drunkenness, or any other sin that corrupts our frail human blood
Oh God!
Come on, sir, please, let's go.
Let me speak a little.
This youth that you see here I snatched him from the jaws of death and nursed him back to health with tenderness and love, and I thought that he seemed so noble and worthy that I totally devoted myself to him.
What do we care about that?
You're wasting time.
Let's go!
But oh, this god turned out to be a false idol!
Sebastian, you have shamed your good looks.
The man is going mad.
Take him away.
Come on, come on, sir.
Lead me on.
His words are so passionate that he must believe what he's saying.
But I can hardly believe it.
Please be true, imagination, oh please be true let it be true that I've been mistaken for you, my dear brother!
Come here, Sir Andrew.
Come here, Fabian.
We'll whisper together about some wise sayings.
He called me Sebastian.
I have seen my brother when I look in my mirror.
What a dishonorable, puny boy, and more cowardly than a rabbit.
He's a coward, a true coward, religiously devoted to his cowardice.
By God's eyelid, I'll go after him again and fight him.
Please do, beat him up well, but don't draw your sword.
And if I don't
Come, let's go see what will happen.
I'll bet any money that nothing will happen still.
Are you trying to convince me that I wasn't sent to fetch you?
Go away, go on, you're a foolish fellow.
Leave me alone.
Good job keeping up this trick of yours seriously.
No, I don't know you, and my lady didn't send me to fetch you, and she doesn't want you to speak with her, and your name is not Master Cesario, and this isn't my nose, either.
Nothing is what it is .
Please, go spout your nonsense somewhere else.
You don't know me.
Spout my nonsense?
He must have heard that word used by some great man and now he applies it to a jester.
Spout my nonsense!
This foolish world, it turns out, is an effeminate dandy.
Now please abandon your strange behavior and tell me what I should "spout" to my lady.
Should I spout to her that you're coming?
Please, foolish jester, leave me alone.
Here's some money for you.
If you stay longer, I'll give you something worse.
I swear, you are a generous man.
These wise men who give fools money will earn themselves a good reputation after fourteen years of payments.
Can this be, sir, that we meet again?
Take that.
Well then, take that, and that, and that.
Has everyone gone mad?
Stop, sir, or I'll throw your dagger over the roof.
I'll tell my lady about this straight away.
She won't like anyone attacking Cesario I wouldn't take money to be in some of your shoes.
Come on, sir, stop!
No, leave him be.
I'll get him in a different way.
I'll sue him for assault and battery, if there's any justice and law in Illyria.
I struck him first, but that shouldn't matter.
Let me go.
Come, sir, I won't let you go yet.
Come on, my young soldier, put your weapon away.
You've gotten excited by a taste of battle.
Come on.
I will get free from you!
What, what?
No, for then I'd have to spill an ounce or two of your impudent blood.
Stop, Toby!
I command you to stop!
Madam!
Will it always be like this with you?
Something strange is going on.
Where is all this leading?
I must be mad, or else this is a dream.
Now come, please.
I wish you would take my advice!
Madam, I will.
Oh, say it, and do it too!
No, I'm telling you, put on this robe and beard.
Make him believe that you're Sir Topas the priest.
Do it quickly.
I'll call Sir Toby while you're getting dressed.
God bless you, Mr Priest.
Bonos dies , Sir Toby.
As the old hermit of Prague, who never learned to read or write, said very wittily to a niece of King Gorboduc, "That which is, is.  "
So if I'm Mr.
Priest, then I'm Mr.
Go to him, Sir Topas.
What's going on, I say!
Quiet in this prison !
The fool is good at acting.
A good fool.
Who's that calling?
Sir Topas the priest, who is here to visit Malvolio the lunatic.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas, good Sir Topas, please go to my lady
Out, you enormous devil!
See how you're hurting this man!
Can't you talk about anything but ladies?
Well said, Mr.
Shame on you, dishonorable Satan!
I address you with moderate language, for I'm one of those courteous people who will be polite even to the devil himself.
Did you say that this house is dark?
Dark as hell, Sir Topas.
Why, it has bay windows as transparent as walls, and the upper windows facing toward the south north are as clear as ebony .
And you're complaining about darkness and a bad view?
I'm not crazy, Sir Topas.
I tell you that this house is dark.
You madman, you're wrong.
I say that there's no darkness but ignorance, and you're more ignorant than the Egyptians during Moses' plague of fog.
And I say that this house is as dark as ignorance, and ignorance is as dark as hell.
And I say that no man has ever been abused like I've been.
I'm no more crazy than you are.
Ask me any question and I'll prove my sanity.
What did the philosopher Pythagoras believe about wild birds?
That our grandmother's soul could end up inhabiting a bird.
What do you think of his belief?
I think that the soul is very noble, and I disagree with his belief.
Farewell then.
Remain in the darkness.
I won't declare you sane until you agree with Pythagoras, and fear to kill a pigeon because it might have the soul of your grandmother.
Farewell.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas!
Perfect, Sir Topas!
Yes, I can play many parts.
You might have done this without the robe and beard.
He never saw you.
Go talk to him with your own voice, and tell me how he's feeling.
I want this foolishness to be over soon.
If we can conveniently let him go, I want to do it, for I'm now in so much trouble with my niece that I can't safely pursue this prank to its conclusion.
Come to my room in a while.
Hey, Robin, jolly Robin, Tell me how your lady is.
Fool!
Fool!
Alas, why is she so?
Fool, I say!
Good fool, I'll certainly reward you if you'll help me get a candle, a pen, ink, and paper.
I swear on my word as a gentleman that I'll always be grateful to you for it.
Master Malvolio?
Yes, good fool.
Alas, sir, how did you lose your sanity?
Just as sane as me?
You must be crazy then, if you're no saner than a fool.
They've treated me like their property here, kept me in the darkness, sent their minions after me those asses!
and done all they could to drive me insane by pretending I was insane.
Be careful what you say.
The priest is here.
Malvolio, Malvolio, may God restore your sanity!
Try to sleep, and stop your silly babbling.
Sir Topas!
Don't try to talk to him, good fellow.
Who, me, sir?
Not me, sir.
God be with you, goodbye Sir Topas.
Amen.
Yes, sir, yes.
Fool, fool, fool, I say!
Alas, sir, be patient.
What do you have to say, sir?
I've just been scolded for speaking to you.
Good fool, please help me find a candle and some paper.
I tell you, I'm as sane as any man in Illyria.
If only you were, sir.
I swear by my own hand, I am.
Good fool, bring me some ink, paper, and light, and then deliver the letter I'll write to my lady.
You'll be better rewarded for delivering this letter than you've ever been rewarded before.
I'll help you.
But tell me the truth, are you really not crazy?
Or are you just acting?
Believe me, I'm not crazy.
I'm telling you the truth.
No, I'll never believe a madman until he's dead and I can see his brains.
But I'll bring you a candle, and paper, and ink.
Fool, I'll repay you for this many times over.
Now please, go.
This is really the air, and that's really the glorious sun.
Don't blame me for being so hasty.
If you mean well, then come with me and this holy priest into the little chapel over there.
I'll follow this good priest, and go with you; and once I've sworn to be faithful, I'll be faithful forever.
Then lead the way, good father; and may the sun shine brightly to recognize and bless this marriage.
Now, if you're really my friend, let me see his letter.
Good Master Fabian, do me a favor first.
Anything.
Don't ask to see this letter.
That request is like giving me a dog, and as payment asking for the dog back.
Are you in the service of the Lady Olivia, friends?
Yes, sir, we are part of her entourage.
I know you well.
How are you, my good fellow?
Truly, sir, I'm better because of my enemies, and worse because of my friends.
Don't you mean the opposite?
You're better because of your friends.
No, sir, I'm worse.
How can that be?
Well, sir, my friends praise me and in so doing make a fool of me, while my enemies tell me plainly that I am a fool.
Therefore my enemies help me gain knowledge of myself, friends, I am abused.
Why, this is excellent wordplay.
Truly sir, don't say so unless you want to be one of my friends.
You won't be worse off because of me: here's some gold.
I wish you'd deal me another coin, sir, but then it would be double dealing, and therefore dishonorable.
Oh, you're giving me bad advice.
Put your virtue away just this once, sir, and let your human weakness take my advice.
Well I'll be a sinner then, and a double dealer.
Here's another.
Three rolls of the dice is lucky, sir, and the old saying goes "the third time's the charm.  "
Triple time is a good beat for dancing, and the bells of Saint Bennet's church chime  one, two, three.
You won't win any more money from me with this third roll of the dice.
But if you'll tell your lady that I'm here to speak with her, and bring her along with you when you return, then you might wake up my generosity.
Here comes the man who rescued me, sir.
He was kind to me, sir, and drew his sword to defend me, but then he said some strange things to me.
I don't know what he meant, except that he might be insane.
You famous pirate!
You thief of the seas, what foolish boldness inspired you to visit the enemies you once robbed and murdered?
Orsino, noble sir, I must deny those names you give me.
I have never been a thief or a pirate, though I admit to being your enemy for good and solid reasons.
I am here because I've been bewitched.
I rescued that ungrateful boy the one there by your side from the rude sea's angry waves.
He was a wreck, and seemed past hope.
I saved his life and gave him my love, without reservation or restraint, and dedicated myself to him totally.
How is this possible?
When did he come to this town?
What do you want, my lord except for the one thing you cannot have that I can help you with?
Cesario, you broke your promise to me.
Madam?
Gracious Olivia
What do you have to say for yourself, Cesario?
My lord, a moment
My lord wants to speak.
It's my duty to be silent.
If you're just going to repeat the same old things, my lord, then it will be as pleasant to my ears as hearing howling after listening to beautiful music.
Are you still so cruel?
I am still consistent, my lord.
Consistent in what, being horrible?
I have breathed from my soul the most faithful, devoted offerings possible, but they've only fallen upon your ungrateful and unwelcoming altar , you rude lady.
Do whatever pleases you, within reason.
Why shouldn't I if I had the heart to do it kill what I love, like that Egyptian thief Thyamis who murdered the woman he loved just before he died?
That kind of savage jealousy sometimes seems noble.
And I would cheerfully, readily, and willingly die a thousand deaths if it would bring you peace.
Where is Cesario going?
I'm following the man I love more than I love my eyes or my life, more, far more, than I'll ever love a wife.
If I'm lying about this, you angels above, put me to death for dishonoring my love.
Oh no, you scorn me!
I've been tricked!
Who tricked you?
Who has done you wrong?
Have you forgotten your own actions?
Has it been so long?
Call the priest who was with us earlier.
Come, let's go!
Where are you taking him, my lord?
Cesario, my husband, stay.
Husband?
Yes, husband.
Can he deny it?
Are you her husband, you wretch?
No, my lord, I'm not.
Alas, your fear is so great that it makes you disguise your true identity.
But don't be afraid, Cesario.
Reach out and accept your good fortune.
Be the person you know you are, and then you will be as powerful as the person you fear.
Oh, you lying little puppy!
How much worse will you be when you're old and gray?
Or will you get so good at being crafty that your own tricks will trick you?
Farewell, and take her; but go somewhere where you and I will never meet again.
My lord, I promise
Oh, don't promise!
Keep a little faith your faith in me even though you're so afraid.
For the love of God, someone get a doctor!
Send one to Sir Toby right away.
What's the matter?
He's cut my head open and given Sir Toby a bloody head too.
For the love of God, help!
I'd pay forty pounds to be at home right now.
Who has done this, Sir Andrew?
That Cesario, the Duke's gentleman.
We thought he was a coward, but he actually fights like the devil himself.
My servant Cesario?
By God, here he is!
Why are you saying this to me?
I never hurt you.
You drew your sword against me without a good reason, but I spoke politely to you and didn't hurt you.
If a bloody head is an injury, then you've hurt me.
I don't think you care at all about a bloody head.
Hello, gentleman!
How are you?
It doesn't matter: he has hurt me, and that's all there is to it.
You drunken fool, have you seen Dick the surgeon?
Oh, he's drunk, Sir Toby, since an hour ago.
He was cross eyed at eight in the morning.
Then he's a rogue, and I hate a drunken rogue.
He spins and sways like he's doing a slow dance.
Take him away!
Who has caused all this trouble?
I'll help you, Sir Toby.
Get him to bed, and make sure his wounds are tended to.
I am sorry, madam.
One face, one voice, one manner of dressing, but two people!
An optical illusion it both is and is not !
Antonio, oh my dear Antonio!
How time has tortured me ever since I lost you!
Are you Sebastian, then?
Do you doubt that, Antonio?
How have you divided yourself in two?
These two people are as identical as two halves of an apple.
Which is Sebastian?
It's unbelievable!
Is that me standing there?
I never had a brother, and I'm not a god who can be everywhere at once.
I had a sister, but she was drowned by the cruel ocean.
Please tell me, are you related to me?
What country are you from?
What is your name?
Who are your parents?
I am from Messaline.
My father had a mole on his forehead.
Mine did too.
And he died on the day that Viola turned thirteen.
Oh, that memory is still so vivid to me!
He did indeed die on the day my sister turned thirteen.
So you've been mistaken, my lady.
But nature has fixed everything and drawn you to your natural orientation.
Your love for Cesario was really an inclination for someone like me.
Don't be shocked.
His blood is pure and noble .
Everything I said before I'll promise once again, and I'll keep my promises in my soul like fire is kept in the sun.
Give me your hand, and let me see you in your woman's clothes.
The captain who first brought me to shore has my woman's clothing.
He'll release him.
Truly, madam, he keeps the devil away as well as a man in his situation can.
He's written a letter to you here.
I should have given it to you this morning, but a madman's letters aren't gospel truth, so it doesn't matter too much when they're delivered.
Open it, and read it.
Be prepared to learn a lot now, for a fool is reciting the words of a madman.
"By God, madam,"
What's this?
Are you crazy?
No, madam, but I'm reading the words of craziness.
And if you want things done the right way, then let me do a dramatic reading.
Please, read it like a sane person.
You read it, sir.
"By God, madam, you've wronged me, and the world will know about it.
You've put me in a dark room and let your drunken uncle torment me, but I've still kept my sanity and am no more crazy than you are.
I have your own letter, which encouraged me to act the way I did, and with this letter I will prove that I am innocent and you are guilty.
Think of me however you want.
I will leave my role as your steward and speak out about the injuries you've caused me.
Signed, the madly abused Malvolio.  "
Did he write this?
Yes, madam.
This doesn't sound much like madness.
Release him, Fabian, and bring him here.
Madam, I'll happily accept your offer.
And you will be my sister!
Enter FABIAN, with MALVOLIO FABIAN enters with MALVOLIO.
Is this the madman?
Yes, my lord, that's him.
How are you, Malvolio?
Madam, you have mistreated me.
Have I, Malvolio?
No.
Lady, you have.
Please look at that letter.
You can't deny that it's in your handwriting.
Try to write differently if you can, or try to say that that isn't your seal, with your design on it you can't deny any of this.
Well, admit it then and tell me, with the sincerity of an honorable person, why you gave me such clear signs of affection, telling me to come to you smiling, with crossed laces, to wear yellow stockings, and to be rude to Sir Toby and the servants?
And when I obeyed all your commands, why did you then let me be imprisoned in a dark house, be visited by a priest and make me into the biggest fool and sucker that ever had a joke played on him?
Tell me why.
Good madam, let me speak, and don't let any quarreling cast a shadow over the surprised joy of these happy couples, which I have been amazed by.
To avoid any fighting, I'll confess that Toby and I were the ones who tricked Malvolio here, because of the arrogant and rude behavior we had observed in him.
Maria only wrote the letter at Sir Toby's urgent request, and he has rewarded her for it by marrying her.
Alas, you poor fool, how they've humiliated you!
Well, "some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.  "
I was a member of this farce as well, pretending to be a priest named Sir Topas, but what does that matter?
"By God, fool, I am not mad.  "
But do you remember what else he said?
I'll get my revenge on the whole pack of you.
He really has been badly treated.
Follow him and try to calm him down some.
