minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce .
the steak hoagie is atrocious .
there is no grass on the range .
bottom line , this place sucks .
very disappointed in the customer service .
we will not be back .
the iced tea is also terrible tasting .
they seem overpriced , too .
don't waste your time .
not a call , not the estimate , nothing .
she has to wait many days to be seen .
this place went from great to horrible .
noisy snow tires in the summer !
i told him they are too noisy .
bread or not , it still wasn't great .
can't believe a place in 2015 doesn't take cards .
not to mention my allergies were in full effect .
apparently , we were out of luck .
some of the worst pizza i've ever had .
this is probably the worst business in carnegie .
is it possible to give zero stars ?
the corn lacked butter .
they did not acknowledge me .
doesn't even taste good as american style chinese food .
also the inside is dirty as heck .
needless to say , we never returned .
otherwise i'll have to have him put to sleep .
don't take your cat here .
i didn't feel welcome here .
but it's not well maintained .
but it wasn't just the knowledge of the menu .
there was no one filling up water .
they didn't remake anything .
quite frankly , the fish wasn't good at all .
the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
does that make you a little worried ?
papa j 's is expensive and inconsistent .
there are better restaurants in carnegie .
it was so disgusting i couldn't eat it .
not a ton of flavor there either .
his broccoli was rock hard - like wood !
and the chicken was very dry .
i won't go back .
unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight .
bad food , slow service and rude managers .
my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
don't waste your time eating here .
there are much better italian restaurants in pittsburgh .
it's lettuce , cheese , and pine nuts !
our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
we are not going back .
it rather looks like a deli counter .
why the hell was there a wait ?
no pasta was served with the chicken .
the waitress was extremely rude .
i'll probably never go back again .
worst service of all time .
place is a total joke .
never ever again will we return here .
the worst dental experience of my life .
i have never been so uncomfortable in my life .
the worst dental office i ever been .
you should avoid it at any time .
would not have my dogs teeth cleaned here !
no sign of italian meat to be found .
the manager was rude when giving me my order .
this mcdonald 's is so bad it's amazing .
the soda machine was broken .
there 's nothing to see here .
worst mcdonalds i have ever been to .
last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked .
people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
soda is watered down and gross .
rude staff doesnt know what they are doing .
seating inside is very limited .
i'm not a huge fan of this location .
and there 's hardly any tables to sit at .
not at this location .
wish i had looked it up earlier .
but the food came cold .
terrible wait staff couldn't even seat us .
def not worth the wait .
i really like the chili .
burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad .
pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair .
cheap and crap service .
unfortunately the service is very hit or miss .
the service is awful .
it was all i could taste .
most of the time , they're downright rude .
this location is terrible .
she then told me it only comes with cheese .
the meat is badly burned and cold .
the service is the worst i've ever seen .
i don't know how corporate keeps this place open .
food is cheap but portions are small .
also the restaurant is not really clean either .
i really don't know how this place stays open .
i've worked at steak n shake before .
the manager here needs better training .
the outside was filthy with trash all over .
the inside was maybe worse , trash and dirty .
i can't even guess how unsanitary it might be .
i would not recommend anybody go .
this place has gone significantly down hill .
very slow and boring .
i can not believe how unprofessional this store was !
clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here .
to boot , the beer was pretty expensive .
the first was flavorless and cold .
the second was passable , but nothing special .
and the last were absolutely awful .
i gave up and refused the offer for another .
bar staff not so much this visit .
neither of us weren't very happy about this .
menus for drinks and food have no prices .
waitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order desserts .
i could barely eat the salad .
the food was absolutely gross !
mixed drinks are way too pricey for the location .
the food is crap .
this time , it was ridiculous .
on top of that , the customer service sucked .
avoid at all costs .
here 's where it gets bad .
yep , the food was cold .
let me tell you about my bad experience first .
i was just really turned off from that experience .
i will not be back again to eat .
the fish itself was bland .
sometime you just get one that isn't .
didn't see a manager until after 10:30 pm .
i will never spend money here again !
first off , service was horrible .
was so salty and just not good .
you'll save $ $ , time , and frustration !
everything was pretty picked over , which kinda sucked .
it also wasn't the cleanest place i've ever seen .
and not well maintained or managed at all .
huge fail for this type of venue .
service isn't too bad , but could be better .
doesn't seem like they keep up with it .
this wasn't the cleanest place .
dirty paper towels all over the women 's bathroom .
also they are n't following corporate policy .
very disappointed in his attitude more then anything .
the food here is awful .
everyone else at the table hated their food .
all i have to say is no thanks .
worst service i've ever had !
they didn't even get their drinks .
the food was bad .
awful place with rude people .
we will not be going back !
avoid eating or drinking anything here .
the service was terrible .
nina the manager and ashley the cashier extremely rude .
highly recommend that no one ever goes here .
our service was awful as well .
she brought a pile of beverage napkins .
but that 's not the worst .
anyway , don't try to eat here .
i wish there were no kids .
nothing positive to say other than don't go there .
the food wasn't very good at all .
the lack of empathy was even more disturbing .
the frosty is never frosty always runny .
if you want terrible pizza go here .
not worth one star !
nothing stood out in any way .
the low point lately has been the food .
it's pretty much a crap shoot .
till then , it's hit or miss !
i must admit , i do like the brews .
i also like the white cheddar mash potatoes .
other than that , meh .
the food is pretty forgettable .
here 's where i ran into problems .
it was very greasy and had virtually no crab .
the husband had the bbq chicken pizza .
it blew my crappy tacos out of the water !
and the underwhelming food sealed the deal .
poor service and food .
i had a burger and it was pathetic .
otherwise , you are better off skipping it .
it was like having a standard old boring burger .
i was very disappointed .
the food was uninspired , tired , and ordinary .
spicy and thick it went down easy enough .
not the best dinner they have eaten .
over all this meal was a wash .
the service has also suffered tremendously .
i could not even finish half of mine .
meh is the only thing i leave here feeling .
my " squash " side was lacking squash .
everything else , avoid .
first bad experience at this place .
instead of caramelized onions , they added raw onions .
i won't be going back .
very disappointed with this place .
do not come here to eat .
it was so underwhelming .
slow service , horrible , horrible food .
was served freezing cold enchiladas and pizza .
terrible customer service , disrespectful in fact .
second , the sodas are not free refills !
but the biggest problem is the food and drink .
it's not that hard .
the food , however , is mediocre at best .
i could not see a thing .
it looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked .
but damn , i was hungry !
the service didn't get any better .
the food was lousy .
but hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable .
overpriced , shitty food and drinks .
hell , tgi friday 's would have been better .
seating is first come , first served .
whoever designed this place should be shot .
that 's where the praise ends .
they're banking on this lack of competition .
now , maybe you don't care .
walmart doesn't even make you do that !
this was an expensive skirt , completely ruined .
just don't take your dry cleaning here .
costco was closed so i went to giant eagle .
don't waste your time , or risk your health .
rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders .
so , i settled on the hummus appetizer .
all in all this place isn't that bad .
drinks were ordered and were unbelievably slow .
bar louie : you are dead to me .
i can't say the food is bad .
there were fruit flies everywhere .
i won't be going back .
to me , that is beyond ridiculous .
servers are chatting , not paying attention to tables .
it's expensive , the food is so so .
there were also plenty of empty tables .
the issue was how grossly understaffed they were .
both drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol .
maybe i'm just salty about the wait .
not even a large one , either !
but good lord , they're just so loud !
not cool , bar louie .
i wan na love bar louie , i do .
the service is ok but rather slow .
this is not one of them .
worst bar i have ever been to .
the manager was rude .
nothing to rave about .
it was just ordinary .
small flies flying around restaurant .
he pushed me and took all the chairs .
the weekdays are bad enough .
the lazy river could be much better .
dont waste your time with this place .
you're better off with a garden hose .
just sad there customer service sucks .
thats not really a big deal .
that is a downfall .
people are rude there as well .
some horse play and such .
i really hate this place .
please don't eat this food .
fried rice super bland .
no repeat visit for me .
general tso had no flavor .
meh , i've experienced better is an understatement .
i ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard .
even the water tasted weird .
nothing special just around average !
fridays seems to have gone down hill .
i did not find this funny at all !
i really never want to return .
but later the service was not all good .
was very disappointed with the food .
possibly the worst overpriced pizza there is .
service was just barely adequate on this visit .
it sure isn't the food .
only in a pinch .
i managed one bite and was done .
interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already .
i hate this place .
our drinks and my soup came out immediately .
i saw no reason to continue .
the skins were a bit thick and doughy .
this food , though , it wasn't good .
the service was annoying .
there 's nothing really wrong with it .
the food is sooooo bland though .
but it's soooooo bland !
i was extremely disappointed by the lack of presentation .
nothing was comped and no manager was available .
this pf changs needs new management !
it's not worth the headache .
drinks were not good .
below par on every way .
didn't say a word to us .
will not be back there -- rude hostess !
it's fake asian food .
i started with a cup of their wonton soup .
never going back to changs .
the service was not that professional !
the service was terrible .
no tofu , no seasoning or sauce .
not going to recommend it to anyone .
disappointing, i expected more out of chang's .
the beef was disappointing to say the very least .
it was bitter cold outside .
i quickly ate and left to make my movie .
chicken was very tough .
bottom line , enterprise can't be trusted .
not at this location , at least .
i've had bad experiences here a few times now .
bad service all around !
its not very good at all .
service here is pretty bad .
i ordered chicken tortellini pasta and chicken noodle soup .
it did not even look appetizing .
the light roast coffee was cold .
the steak was ice cold .
very disappointing considering their pricing structure .
do not eat the pastries !
she reluctantly gave me the owners name .
service here has gone considerably downhill .
i just felt i was rushed out of there .
am i the only one ?
my experience here was not great at all .
white slim fit shirt looked ridiculous .
first of all , the store was messy .
needless to say , she wouldn't leave us alone .
i didn't get it .
continuing on , check out was a nightmare !
it's not that delish .
this store has such bad service .
the service staff are rude rude rude .
save your money , shop elsewhere .
maybe they should pay me for this responsibility .
strawberry pies being the exception to the rule .
the service was very slow .
my drink was never refilled .
the breakfast bar is lame .
it's a hit and miss .
this location though has horribly slow service .
doesn't matter what time we go .
get your hosts and servers on the same page !
poor service from the door .
i walked in and was ignored .
possibly the worst dining experience i've had .
i will never go back to that place again .
the waitress there are extremely rude .
didn't get any refills .
the coffee was stale .
much closer to bland than anything .
no offer of water , or a drink .
she then rings me up .
will not be returning .
this appetizer was recommended and was garbage .
sorry but not going back there again .
my meal was way over cooked .
had lobster bisque soup not to good .
the scallops were hard , over cooked .
shrimp had no flavor .
the chowder was basically flour stew with potatoes .
zero flavor and dry as hell .
stringy , asian crab that was definitely pre-made .
very disappointing easter dinner .
he was very rude to us .
however , the service we experienced was terrible .
stay far away from this place .
what a disappointing easter dinner .
he was very rude to us .
it also was served at room temperature .
i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables .
penne was mediocre at best .
never did get a refill on iced tea .
sorry to see this place go down hill .
may not ever go back .
will not eat here again .
why would anyone even pay for such lousy food ?
the place is not even kept up anymore .
my silver was even wrapped in torn linens !
even the staff is miserable anymore .
i ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and was disappointed .
there were five very small shrimp on the plate .
the shrimp were dry and overcooked .
the crab stuffing was mostly stuffing .
i didn't see a piece of lump crab anywhere .
i will not go back .
this is simply a customer service review .
not even a ceiling fan in sight .
a few uninterested waiters wandering in back .
we finally just walked out to go elsewhere .
very bad purchase experience .
not surprisingly , we left without purchasing anything .
and i quickly remembered why !
forget the fact that mcdonald 's food isn't great .
we all know it's not great .
the owner has to be the problem .
worst mcdonald 's ever .
also they do not take credit or debit cards .
there are better options .
sorry allison b , ain't no butter here .
sorry just had my first taste of pierogies plus .
the potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed .
unfortunately the food wasn't very good .
not a lot of fat on them .
menu is very basic .
the patty was sorta flavorful .
the toppings were in the bland category .
management there doesn't care !
visit another club , this one isn't it !
avoid at all costs .
i will not order from this place again .
i would give our experience zero stars .
whatever it was , it was gross .
the chicken nuggets come out under par .
that has no chicken .
try house of lee instead .
not at this place .
the woman who answers the phone is kinda rude .
do not stay here .
i can't even rate this place !
off to star nails we went .
unfortunately , the good feelings didn't last long .
if i could give negative stars , i would .
worst fast food i've ever been to .
after she was treated properly , she healed quickly .
he cried constantly when i left his sight .
also , do not take their facebook page seriously .
they do not care about animals .
they do not care about animals , at all .
this vet is only out for the money .
an average price , i'm ok with that .
i couldn't believe it .
i will not return to this place again .
i don't have that problem at other arby 's .
it was even slightly cold before i reheated it .
overall , this made a horrible day worse .
this store sucks beyond belief !
you're not doing as any favors by staying here .
first , i'll walk you through my experience .
don't waste your time or money !
i handed it to her and walked out .
not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby .
we will not be back .
the new dentist couldn't believe that !
do not go here -- find another dentist .
it was a weird experience .
i had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer .
do not take your dog there to be groomed !
at our table and then left prior to ordering .
she told me it would be awhile .
long waits and lack of attentiveness .
not sure pino 's will get a repeat visit .
bland food and poor service .
there were no open tables , despite having reservations .
i probably will not return .
the worst part of the night ?
needless to say , we were disappointed .
the place has changed and not for the better .
sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment !
all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
salad was average at best .
i couldn't finish my dinner i was so mad .
i won't be going back .
the set up is ridiculous .
at night it is a nightmare .
walked out without making purchase .
it was like a window into hell .
i will never step foot in that store again .
some are very slow .
the customers don't make the experience any better .
employees are unhelpful and rude .
the cut was terrible !
i have an awful experience .
the eggplant was soggy and not great .
price : tasty is cheap .
atmosphere : typical chinese takeout place .
would i go back again ?
i ordered the kung pao chicken and crab rangoon .
sadly , they prepared kung pao beef instead .
it's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food .
not tasty at all .
the sweet and sour chicken was disgusting .
first off , everything was dripping everywhere .
the entire bag was a soggy mess .
i'm not even sure they bothered to cook that .
it tasted and looked like rice .
holy bat balls did this place have bad food !
nothing but flavorless , americanized chinese food .
very kind , gave me minor changes without question .
zero flavor , zero filling , frozen wan tons ?
they most certainly sat in broth for hours .
watery sauce , no heat .
the worst part of it all .
price doesn't matter to me at all , though .
it was just inedible .
all noodle , no filler .
avoid if you want anything but americanized junk food .
unfortunately i did not get to experience these things .
the service was slow and lukewarm .
also , no credit or debit cards here .
the crust is not homemade , pretty sure .
it wasn't very hot either .
i am definitely going elsewhere next time .
this place has the worst service i've ever seen .
they lost my breakfast business that day .
tasted like sauce and cheese on toast .
i wouldn't eat this pizza if it was free .
not the crusty italian bread .
no dipping oil with herbs and spices .
i can barely taste any calamari or zucchini .
again , no herbs and spices .
i couldn't even taste garlic in it .
what kind of italian food has no garlic ?
this shell station is horrible .
zero effort , and a horrible attitude .
it's clear that they do not care at all .
i'm never going back , and you shouldn't either .
do not use their car wash .
this was a big mistake .
i wouldn't recommend them to anyone .
called two days later to confirm it was ready .
" no , it's not ready yet .
days passed and no call .
no " i'm sorry . "
this is a terrible shelter .
that 's probably how they got so sick !
my poor baby went through hell .
never again will i take my dog there .
she was sick six ways to sunday .
i hate that place and everyone in it .
so i have no gripe with the tailoring itself .
so beware , you are paying to dollar !
my suit coat came back ruined !
it makes no sense .
i'm just not crazy about the vibe here .
let me repeat , never again .
however , their store hours are absolutely terrible .
this place is a disaster .
-they did not install tires correctly .
booked an appointment , and they fixed the issue .
i do not recommend .
last time i ever set foot in that place .
i will not be returning in the future .
one person working and couldn't look at my car .
no appointments available for tomorrow .
this guy seems nice but he's actually not .
something doesn't sound right here .
the people who work here are very rude .
i will not go back again .
a little pricey but whatever .
the sandwich was just gross .
the coffee was just a little off .
no wonder mine was stale .
seriously , fuck this place .
i've had the pork nachos and they were blah .
our server was friendly , but not terribly attentive .
the sandwich left something to be desired .
buffalo blues was neither .
not particularly interested in returning for any reason .
very classy , wish i could remember her name .
bar food none too exceptional .
we had nachos that were on slightly stale chips .
food is really , really average .
it's loud as hell !
want to sit in the bar area ?
also it's loud as hell !
to put it lightly ; the staff suck !
it pains me to leave any tip for them .
it is way too expensive .
oh how the mighty have fallen .
food is very overpriced though .
and , its not good .
such a waste of time .
i hate this place .
the wings do not come with celery .
apparently this was a bad choice .
the restaurant seemed poorly managed and subpar .
we will not be back .
the food was awful , the service worse .
and the quality of them are bad .
unfortunately every time i wish i was somewhere else .
the hot and sour soup was ok.
this is an average chinese buffet .
and it all is so bad .
i came in with a flat .
so no , no thank you .
guess that cracking wasn't so bad after all .
but after what happened i will never be back .
they just cost me money and lost my tires .
put the tires in my basement , no problem .
i don't know how this keeps happening .
too bad after all these prior good reviews .
extremely rude and condescending over the phone .
the sad part about this is they really try .
my pumpkin pastry with carmel topping was alright .
and nobody smiled at anyone else .
it's been a tremendous ordeal to get it fixed .
naturally , i get an automatic voicemail .
and again naturally , no return phone call .
if i could give negative stars i would .
times , and it still is not resolved .
if i could give negative stars i would .
times , and it still is not resolved .
slow , rude , unhelpful , and completely clueless .
complete waste of life .
so the air in tire was wasted time .
no one has gotten back to me yet .
place was a little bit of a disaster .
i'm certain they notice , they just don't care .
i came away with none of it .
very disappointing to me .
the customer service at this location is terrible .
overall , shopping there is a poor experience .
i really like this shop .
all the sales associates are extremely useful and educated .
they do not take pride in their work .
they also lose things , more than once .
as promised , they were ready monday after 5pm .
additionally , they did not smell so well .
avoid at all costs !
very rude and condescending .
do not take your car to midas !
they place no value on customer satisfaction .
he said no because we didnt discuss it .
refused all of those .
seriously just don't do it .
slow service and response .
linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude .
worst pizza i've had in pittsburgh .
i felt sick before i got halfway through it .
but their pizza was remarkably terrible .
i couldn't stand to eat more than half .
i'm not making this up .
gross , gross , gross .
the crust was hard and flavorless .
this was a mistake .
avoid this place at all costs .
how utterly disgusted i was with it .
and at least i put my cart back .
worst parking lot in pittsburgh .
waste of time and money overall .
parking at this particular store is a nightmare .
i'll be honest , i just don't get it .
do not bring your car here .
i would caution against this rental company .
that 's not a life i'm comfortable with .
ridiculous policies and move out fees .
the management is horrible and never understanding .
cigarettes are not a replacement for tea bags !
the current tenant informed me that the roof leaked .
have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders ?
the wine list did not include descriptions .
the waitress was very curt and disrespectful .
there was no information about this .
food is mediocre at best !
they even screwed my order .
would not recommend to anyone .
i don't get it .
more frustrating than conversations with the wall .
also , their bar seating sucks .
i can't believe all the high reviews .
the food tasted terrible .
we were disappointed with our entrees .
not a good vegan experience .
i again had offended by my request .
overpriced , salty and overrated !
i don't think that casbah is my favorite anymore .
- mushroom pasta : again quite rich and salty .
that wasn't to be .
i would hate to lose this place !
not worth the price .
main dish : long island duck - too salty .
the service was also extremely slow .
wrong it was smaller portions at a higher price .
i never felt so ripped off .
- this really was the standout .
anyway , i'm never going back here .
i really , really wanted to like this restaurant .
maybe part of the problem was expectations ?
learn from my mistake .
it's never too loud or aggressive .
the food is inconsistent , but often good .
their food , service , and hours are inconsistent .
owners , please stick to your business hours .
it just wasn't anything special .
it tasted like nothing .
anything will taste better drenched in gravy .
on top of all this service wasn't the greatest .
also they don't really wash their cups .
good idea , but poorly executed food .
worst tofu scramble ever .
days old , cold , hard , inedible .
i've found the service here to be pretty terrible .
sorry storm , you need to improve this .
but don't expect that feeling here .
two stars because i really like the drinks here .
this place is a train wreck .
the food is bland .
the service was pretty bad .
i think pittsburgh deserves better .
if not , stay away .
don't waste your money !
i was pretty disappointed with this place .
overall , i wouldn't go back .
probably not ordering from here again .
also , i had ordered a fried pickle appetizer .
we tried bbq , garlic parmesan and spicy .
final verdict : most mediocre wings in town !
they don't speak english and they don't understand english .
and they are rude .
also the driver forgot to bring my drinks .
she seemed tired , and overworked .
all in all , this was a negative experience .
imho that 's ridiculous .
i will not recommended anyone to ever come here .
thanks , but no thanks .
however , i recently missed an appointment .
ugh , my coworker spread open the spinach leaf .
normally , i have had the best experiences there .
not anything like the pieces on the floor .
just thought you should know .
worst customer service i've seen in a while .
worst climbing gym i have ever been to .
customer service was a joke .
first of all , the gym in pretty cheap .
the staff wasn't very helpful .
i wouldn't go there again .
the lamb burger was also overcooked .
very pricey food , cash only , average food .
these people could not care less .
rude , unprofessional , and lazy .
the lady i spoke to was rude and unprofessional .
didn't she have my slip with the card number ?
it wasn't the cut .
i'll spend my money elsewhere !
receptionists were beyond awful .
no wonder they need coupons for customers .
big waste of time and gas .
wow are their servers just lazy or dumb ?
this place isn't very good .
won't be going back .
i don't understand the big hype over this place .
a good family dollar this is not !
and they smoke around the food .
i won't be back .
service is incredibly slow .
not worth it at all .
i had a horrible experience .
this time , overpriced food and bad service .
this is a bad neighborhood .
i am not interested in ever going back !
not happy about the new staff .
the biggest disappointment was the veal chop .
the disappointment was it was over-cooked .
not a spot of pink to be found .
i am definitely not going to the place again .
everything else was yucky .
i was totally underwhelmed .
this place doesn't feel clean or inviting .
the decor was junkie and old and cluttered .
i will not be returning again .
they are n't very friendly there at all either .
not a bad place to get your nails done .
too over priced for mani and pedi .
truly , you don't need this kind of grief .
my night was ruined thanks to this pizza hut .
then when i got it , it was cold !
there were no other veggies or anything .
it was all mushy breading and very little chicken .
i won't be getting one again .
the pizza was bland , tasteless .
crust tasted like frozen pizza crust .
i won't be back .
i was absolutely horrified !
do not go here for service on your bike .
maybe i just had a bad day .
this is not even worthy of the name .
there was no third bite .
the remaining slices got tossed in the garbage .
zero if that was an opinion .
not even a simple " i'm sorry . "
needless to say we will never go there again .
wouldn't recommend at all .
the quality was horrible .
the sauce was not a good flavor at all .
the pizza bagels were soggy yet burned .
and the prices too high .
biggest waste of money !
i ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushrooms .
disgusting is putting it lightly .
i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
it's a shame , what happened ?
that is completely ridiculous .
one star for the ridiculous overcharge .
it was not good .
for dinner , not that great .
they can keep the other groupon .
the owner is very pretentious and rude .
i am never going back to this place .
unfortunately , this is the only game in town .
makes me glad i live in new york city .
they gave me a nice receipt .
one week later i call , not ready .
the following week , they would call me back .
service and products are lackluster .
overall , not a great choice .
actually that isn't quite accurate .
she served the beer in a mason jar .
the food isn't fresh .
it wasn't pan fried either .
i didn't have more than a bite or two .
that 's total bullshit .
food was mediocre at best .
bland is the best description .
sadly , i just didn't like it .
what i was into was the german potato salad .
i was highly disappointed .
i really want to like this place .
reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat .
makes you wonder just how safe the kitchen is .
for starters , the food is always served cold .
yesterday they were undercooked , gritty , and gross .
you need a new chef , immediately .
beware of the ketchup .
not even the potato pancakes tasted good .
not a fan of this " german " place .
very low quality food for the price .
avoid at all cost .
potato pancakes taste like they had vinegar in them .
it shouldn't be this way .
everything else was sub-par .
the hotel is in a bad neighborhood .
just bad service overall .
no one to help with bags morning or night .
i couldn't wait to get out of there .
i wouldn't stay here again .
i have terrible foot pain and can barely walk .
very disappointed that i can not be seen sooner .
do not believe he cares about his patients .
horrible food , horrible service .
the italian and mushroom steak hoagies weren't that great .
the pizza wasn't that good either .
i will not get anything from there again .
ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
was going to try the buffalo pizza .
no longer going to try .
fortunately , i'd gotten that info when i ordered .
i got food poisoning and was so sick .
needless to say i refused to pay for them .
at this point , i am done .
its just sooo unprofessional and annoying .
so dissapointed and will never use them again .
this week is the 3rd week .
pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
don't bother with delivery here .
this is the worst location .
food is ok but horrible delivery service .
small , overcrowded , unfriendly staff .
but it was nothing special .
prices were inflated for a limited valentines day menu .
never again , they are off my list .
do not go to this restaurant !
their food was mediocre at best .
i will not be going back .
went for the first and last time tonight .
the food was less than average .
they brought mussels instead of our mozzarella sticks .
but this was quickly corrected .
but did nothing to make up for it .
the worst thing about this place is also sam .
does not honor national sub day offer .
too late to back out .
worst grocery store i've ever been to .
the store never looks very clean .
such a shame about this place .
the store itself seemed really outdated and stinky .
i dont even bother coming here anymore .
i'm too scared to shop there after dark .
giant eagle should be ashamed of this establishment .
owner takes no responsibility for ruining clothing .
the worst customer service ever !
i normally don't do this but i'm so disappointed .
i don't eat at this restaurant very often .
i really wasn't thrilled with our meal here .
i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
service is mediocre and slow .
waitress was ok in attitude .
the service is terrible .
so if you're a horse you won't go thirsty .
this was ridiculous to us so we left !
ugh , i hate this place .
the service is snotty and slow .
the food is forgettable and the menu sparse .
i tried the seared ahi tuna .
but don't go for the menu .
it isn't a bad experience .
maybe it's just the built in crowd .
crab fries , naturally .
wasn't the best either .
service , small selection and mediocre food .
not a degree above room temp .
my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick .
first of all , our service was awful .
but now i'm weary of the restaurant all together .
awful place , to bad i was looking forward .
not even one piece .
service was slow for soup and a salad .
wasn't very busy which was a plus .
service is terrible and won't return .
i was mostly wrong .
unfortunately our waiter was not up to par .
it is difficult to get under my skin .
we will not be back .
we feel like our money was wasted .
the only downfall was their delivery time .
i tried pickles tonight for the first time .
i'm thinking we've struck out .
first of all , ordering was strange .
they don't take debit or credit cards .
so not cool steelers !
it made me kind of sad .
o my pittsburgh pirates .
which is pretty sad .
was so excited to get your pizza today .
very disappointed in the quality of what i got .
how sad is this so not happy .
used to be the best i've ever had .
wise guys is your typical off beat pizza shop .
there are other better pizza places in the area .
it was just as lousy as the lunch .
unfortunately , the second visit wasn't any better .
the place smells of smoke .
walking on it with shoes on disgusted me .
don't get the salmon or tuna steak .
both tasted very fishy to me .
mashed potatoes are not made from real potatoes .
the place is dated and could use updating .
her first bite she made a sour face .
the breaded shrimp tasted weird too .
no , just no .
they told a driver must have taken by accident .
both were crappy , at best .
staff was really rude both times .
also , alcohol in the air here too .
i would never use them again .
ok atmosphere drinks are overpriced for the area .
it was so dirty i could barley contain myself .
the staff completely ignored it .
this is a gathering place for human garbage anymore .
it just left a bad taste in my mouth .
had a friend who went here .
the owner is the one who took my appointment .
they are a hot mess .
i came in tonight ready to buy a bike .
i was really disappointed .
what a terrible experience .
i'm glad i took my money elsewhere .
disgusting & totally unsanitary imo .
the bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence .
that 's sort of disappointing but still fine .
the owner refuses to take care of black people .
it was busy but at times couldn't find her .
i had an ugly haircut .
this time around i am extremely upset .
i very much regret ever trying this salon .
what a complete waste of time .
avocado is like banana .
needless to say , we skipped dessert .
i was not impressed with the sushi either .
i would not recommend this place .
always seem to be people going in and out .
the moo shu pork was forgettable .
everything else we had sucked .
shrimp and scallop with garlic was bland as hell .
the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay .
i probably won't order here again though .
this place has ok food and bad customer service .
a completely clueless one , that 's what kind .
meaning , i never saw her full face .
or maybe i'm wrong .
the answer , so bad !
only once was it under par .
how about horrible customer service ?
thanks for the disappointment to me and my son !
i was afraid to sleep in that nasty bed .
pretty rough , but not completely unbearable .
the room continued to be unimpressive .
- no visible signs of bed bugs .
it's dirty and weird .
the free breakfast is as bad as it gets .
( old cereal and bread . )
i don't get this place .
sorry , but our pizza was cold .
and the garlic wings didn't taste like garlic .
my date ordered a hot sausage hoagie .
the dining room is also a bit cramped .
this was just bad pizza .
also the mushrooms were out of a can .
do not waste money here .
but i don't get it .
way too much cheese .
the pizza crust tasted like pizza hut .
it is definitely not for me .
i don't get it .
cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza ?
why does pittsburgh have to be so weird ?
whoever recently took over , should be ashamed .
worse than store freezer pizza .
, i would have never known .
didn't live up to my expectations at all .
waste of time and money .
man was this place packed !
however it just does not work for me .
if i could rate it zero stars i would .
i can't understand how this place stays in business .
they put way too much cheese on everything .
stay away unless you're just buying tires !
very disappointed with this dry cleaner .
i don't normally get my beer from there .
small dark not very opening or friendly place .
will not be returning .
the only good thing was free parking out back .
had n't even read the reviews beforehand .
mediocre and poorly made !
don't waste your time .
i would never give these people my money again .
this is by far not true in this store .
the service is rather incompetent .
it would have been nice to know whom .
can't understand the big secret about that one .
i can't believe this place has n't been reviewed .
nothing more , and nothing less .
poor service , crappy food .
overall not the way a restaurant should be run .
do not order steak or prime rib here .
this place is a bad idea all around .
very disappointed in this place .
we are never going back .
this place is sad .
not fresh at all .
also didn't seem very nice .
very annoyed and ignorant !
server kim was awesome .
but kitchen has a lot of problems .
i'm sure it would have been great !
i am not exaggerating in the least .
anything dealing with food is a train wreck .
if i could less than a star i would .
service was extremely slow to begin with .
go figure cooked , but cold .
it's also really expensive .
it's not worth the money .
it was a place where everybody knew my name .
i can not speak for others .
will never go back !
pancakes were not very good .
very small and uncomfortable .
dont fall for it .
especially waitress was lack of enthusiasm .
such a waste of time .
no hint of a smile on her face .
are we really hungry or really impatient ?
maybe the waitress was having a bad day .
i do not get the hype behind this place .
i won't be back .
i wouldn't go back .
this pizza is not good .
i wouldn't order a pizza from them again .
now it's just crap .
not a dime every again .
so he can't bother with mine .
i wouldn't recommend this mechanic to anyone .
it all could have been so easily avoided .
it doesn't feel fair .
i am not impressed .
mediocre food service and atmosphere .
obviously that feeling is long gone .
i'm not sure what was worse food or service .
oily , greasy and bad taste .
the old woman was not nice .
so , i will never be back .
which is sad , really .
hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
all tasted like old food .
hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
needless to say , we will never return !
i ordered chicken curry .
this place is pretty bad .
the food isn't fresh .
sadly really went downhill .
hostess was very awkward when seating us .
one of the worst steak sandwiches i've ever eaten .
everything is basic with a large price tag .
rude , unfriendly , just a miserable male server .
it was juicy and smothered in bleu cheese .
unfortunately , the hair did not stop there .
however , the reaction that we received was unacceptable .
very disappointed in our delivery order this evening .
the wedding soup was less than fair .
the reuben and fries were soggy and greasy .
it was a disgrace .
husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce .
it was runny and bland .
would not go back .
the fries were ways very soggy and cold .
i want so badly to like this place !
horrible drink ( old fashioned ) ?
spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
noise level -- painful ?
all in all , very disappointing in our book .
delivery guy was shady too .
i didn't bother to ask if anything was organic .
i don't like this place at all .
i don't recommend at all .
no apology or explanation , just a bad attitude .
however once opened not so much .
there was absolutely no excuse for his attitude .
are you kidding me ?
and i replied , " no , i'm sorry .
* no shopping carts .
now , their service : really lackluster .
the waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves .
hardly saw any of that today .
fries are nothing special .
the worst part , though , is the service .
and i don't even mean refilling your drink .
not a good value in my book .
probably won't be back .
check out the better business bureau ( bbb ) .
are you kidding me ?
the size that i ordered required zero alterations .
she was sooooo rude .
but it was not the dress she ordered .
no time to get additional fabric .
this experience was not worth the beautiful dresses .
worst dry cleaners ever .
i won't be coming here again .
these people are totally incompetent .
i wouldn't trust them with a pair of socks .
unfortunately zero stars is not an option .
shame on you cathy !
it is my worst fear .
what i got was dry and totally tasteless .
the whole burger just tasted like nothing .
it was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries .
again no salt or seasoning .
so why my low score ?
food was average , service very bad .
they don't use their space well .
it just looked really sparse .
this is a depressing coffee shop .
tables are often dirty .
no additional fans , nothing .
i asked for my money back .
you know what was the worst thing , though ?
does chicken salad hold a week in your fridge ?
i asked for a pen , not a kidney .
yeah , i'm not coming here anymore .
is it possible to give zero stars ?
this place has gone downhill tremendously .
pizza was fine but nothing special .
the salad i ordered was wrong , though .
i will never step foot in this place again .
i really don't get giant eagle .
not even remotely convenient .
one of the worst wendy 's i've ever experienced .
nothing special , it is kmart after all .
are employees required to be grumpy here ?
they all look like they hate their job .
the managers don't care .
just go anywhere else , it can't be worse !
worst applebee 's experience i've had .
no apologies when we were finally taken care of .
should have listened to my gut on this one .
but i didn't have a problem with that .
as far as the menu , i wasn't impressed .
another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff !
i said no thanks .
takeout is a mess at this location .
very awkward location and atmosphere .
it's just rolls off the tongue , doesn't it ?
i hate complaining like this .
there are better hibachi options in the area .
the service can be okay or awful .
it tasted more steamed than hot grilled .
this is the worst hibachi i have ever had .
i don't know how people keep coming here .
benihana is not worth your time or money .
this is totally unacceptable .
the restaurant wasn't even half full .
our hibachi chef was absolutely horrible !
none of us even like onions .
we feel completely cheated .
since the changes its just awful .
w h at a shame .
i just hate to see it .
extremely disappointed , food was absolutely awful .
our chicken was flavorless and rubbery .
no explanation , no apology , nothing .
the presentation of the food was awful .
compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite .
this is the worst hibachi restaurant in pittsburgh .
the food was cold and everything was flavorless .
the salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner .
the chicken was also extremely dry .
it was really disappointing .
the place was completely empty .
he shouldn't have been put in that position .
shame on you benihana .
dirty place and horrible service .
loud is an understatement .
what we got at long last was so disappointing .
even the chips and salsa are n't terribly good .
even the guacamole was too hot .
the waiter was horrible and barely checked on us .
the food was also not too good .
i will not be coming back .
the food isn't terrible , but not impressive .
the food was okay , but worst service ever .
both were very dry and lacked flavor .
worst margarita i have ever been served !
didn't even get time under the warmer .
glad i tried this place but won't rush back .
service was mediocre but the food was poor .
burnt chicken in the burrito .
this was explained to us before we ordered .
never again mad mex south hills !
not worth the trip .
i am a ten minute drive from this location .
i attended the sushi class on monday night .
can you give a company zero stars ?
this place makes you feel unwelcome and dumb .
not laid out well .
self check out usually broken .
horrible experience more than once .
store is too small and always crowded .
managers and workers are rude and condescending .
had a beer and an appetizer , so-so .
wasn't the best experience .
the food was ok but nothing to great .
not up to it's previous brunch standards .
if you're not getting that , don't bother .
i wish i could give this no stars !
this place was not packed .
while waiting , i used the ladies restroom .
doesn't anyone come and check this ?
came back and dropped them off and left again .
your menu isn't that big !
i didn't even eat all of it .
the fries are very salty .
high prices , horrible service !
i only went here because i had a groupon .
i will be doing business elsewhere .
guy on the front desk has the attitude problem .
i threw my mean in the garbage .
this wendy 's is terrible .
there 's nothing fast about this fast food .
at first i thought maybe it was a fluke .
- and they left me hanging .
received bad service today .
we left einstein 's because it was crowded .
they missed an opportunity to impress a new customer .
i usually do not like posting negative reviews .
their service is terrible .
i was ; however , charged for the basket .
the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
have mixed vincent 's .
overpriced , very slow service , food was decent .
food is mediocre service is lousy .
i was disappointed with the seafood salad .
we couldn't eat it .
my hoagie was dry with min meat .
probably wont go back .
pizza was good but really expensive .
breadsticks and meatball sub for my mother .
the breadsticks were sitting a in pool of oil .
it wasn't fresh at all .
and this isn't even the halfway point to philly .
and there are n't as many rest stops .
surprisingly what remains seems to be doing good business .
kmart is doing okay as is the giant eagle .
that 's not an eatery either .
dead malls are sad , for some reason .
walking through this mall just creepy though .
truly the worst mall in america .
man , the rent has to be so cheap !
honestly i don't consider this place a mall .
stay away , there 's nothing here to see .
this mall is dead !
i hate olive garden .
i ordered food that i believed was gluten free .
avoid at all costs !
thats as american as fortune cookies .
i just passed six tables empty and clean .
very unprofessional staff so far .
rooms were clean and the amenities were fine .
i only stayed one night and was charged twice .
add on : the wifi is awful .
no manager on duty for the busy morning rush .
something just feels wrong .
place is ok but a little uncomfortable .
the continental breakfast was ok but a little lackluster .
so this spot is like mad cheap but really ?
checkin was seamless as it should be .
i assumed it was leaking and brushed it off .
there was absolutely no hot water for my shower .
i was so mad .
the hallway looks a wreck !
the lights were broken and the room was filthy .
do not stay here .
wish i could give this place negative stars .
it has n't been cleaned in months .
i got home and no extra sides .
mediocre food , horrible service , zero follow through .
my advice , avoid this place .
junk worse than mcdonald .
horrible experience again made sandwich wrong for 3rd visit .
store is open until 2:00 .
she asks employee to scale back .
never again will i go to this location .
which i don't really need .
for real , wasting money for wrong order !
they other employee was doing i don't know what .
horrible service and food .
i just don't understand why they're so lazy .
extremely long lines , and poorly trained staff .
the baristas are not friendly .
and they're just rude .
not like the delicious aroma of fresh brewed coffee .
it is not daily normal , ordinary dirt .
would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
the worst mani/pedi of my life .
didn't know how to remove gel polish .
didn't file straight or smooth .
didn't clean under my nails after lotion .
unfortunately the worst possible thing has happened .
unfortunately i don't know what happened ?
i'm no longer going back .
first the woman rushed through my " manicure . "
but you know how some dive bars have charm ?
i was thinking this place might be like that .
i sat down in the chair for pedicure .
that 's not how it's done in philly .
woman takes off my toe nail polish .
shady and terribly run nail salon .
surprised someone has n't been hurt yet .
she was unprofessional and downright nasty .
this place needs to be closed - stay away !
they didn't even cover up all of my roots !
i really was sold at one point .
i'm not a hair stylist .
different people wash and dry your hair .
finally , overall the prices were way too high .
one didn't even look up from the computer .
that 's why i'm looking for my cup now .
will not return to this place .
once again , they were not prompt .
please do not patronize this business .
i wish it wasn't that difficult .
the salon itself also disappointed me .
such a waste of time and rude .
i wandered in here looking for a pedicure .
it looked like a child had done it .
very limited color selection .
very poor quality work .
pedicure 's are overpriced and they do basically nothing .
do not waste your money .
this is not the first time either .
stuck in my lease until february .
the blackened chicken wrap was boring .
can't win 'em all , right ?
other times , it doesn't seem so busy .
finally - a halfway decent tv setup , pittsburgh !
he said the stir fry was so-so .
it was just so-so .
my food was plain and boring .
the place was noisy and it was pricey .
very bad food and overpriced .
i wish i could give this place no stars !
no tip for you my friend .
especially considering the french dip was so boring .
no redeeming qualities here .
it was hardly edible .
i did not , however get the best .
the buffalo pierogies however , was a total miss .
food was flavorless , plain .
will not be back .
pirates , steelers , penguins etc ?
they do not have 1/2 price apps !
somewhat slow service and somewhat overpriced .
absolutely nothing arrived in a timely manner .
the nachos were the worst i've ever had .
the lobster bisque was bland and cold .
the pork chop was so bitter and dry .
i was disappointed the waitress didn't say anything either .
unfortunately , our experience was dreadful .
our food tasted frozen and overcooked .
what has not changed is the extremely poor service .
our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
all working hard , but covering too many tables .
long story short , i won't go back .
she thought the potato side was just so-so .
hotel restaurants are just awful !
for starters , the place is sorely outdated .
the spicy yellow tail was not spicy .
the salad 's ginger dressing was awful and watery .
but it was not happening at this place !
and def not as good !
it was hardly halfway full .
needless to say , i will not be back .
don't say i didn't warn you !
the portions are not worth the price .
the salads are small and nothing to write about .
don't waste your time at the fish market .
it all had no taste !
the steak was tough and tasteless .
service was the only redeeming quality .
unfortunately we did not .
the food was all bland and tasteless .
it was not even blackened .
a round of patron margaritas were horrible .
the food was awful .
do not waste your money at this restaurant .
just all around terrible .
both were not unique in flavor or presentation .
i was pretty disappointed by this experience .
it wasn't good at all .
so i know it's an off the shelf thing .
so all-in-all , the food was sub-par at best .
i'm sure the room service would have been better .
but the quality just doesn't match the price .
no worries probably better for me .
yes , but only if it is convenient .
shame , the fish was good there .
crappy hostess for sure .
it doesn't change much .
the miso soup was barely average .
no greeter so we weren't sure where to go .
the rest was dry .
she however did not offer to comp the meal .
the food was ok , but nothing special .
the food on the other hand - absolutely horrible .
so disappointed with this place !
the drinks weren't anything special either .
i'm sure it is in the liquor license application .
not my scene whatsoever !
super bad energy in this place .
the night was not lost .
it's definitely gone downhill .
but the attitude of this place could be better .
the menu was small and underwhelming .
it was boring and flavor free .
the blueberry mojito had an overpowering taste of rum .
ok , i'm in !
well hell , what was your first guess ?
when it did , it looked ok .
it was very disappointing .
however , i'm mainly rating their food and service .
in fact , i couldn't finish it .
my biggest complaint is the drink prices .
it's somewhat upscale , but it's not the ritz .
seriously , avoid this place .
unfortunately , they were very disappointing .
her potatoes were ice cold and sandwich luke warm .
there was also no pineapple chutney .
overall , very disappointed .
but the positives stop there .
completely bitter and disgusting !
my first impression was the outdated decor .
the restaurant has carpet which i find off putting .
the food was mediocre .
can you say awkward ?
this time was not so good .
no problem , we were seated right away .
anything to acknowledge an unacceptable wait time .
not a fan of the service .
it literally killed me to leave a tip .
the food was underwhelming at best .
no acknowledgement when we arrive .
asked to leave my card at the bar .
never came out to see how we were doing .
worst service i've received in a while .
i wouldn't go if you are of flavor descent .
why didn't they do that in the first place .
the sauce was disappointing .
i wouldn't come here for anything .
avoid this tourist trap !
first time in pittsburgh , from chicago .
why doesn't the schedule know this ?
there 's no day pass .
getting on and off is confusing .
when to pay is confusing .
the service isn't frequent enough .
the buses smell like urine .
sucks , sucks , sucks .
not the drivers fault .
buses are late all the time .
they have the worst transportation service ever in pittsburgh .
pittsburgh is known for their worst transportation !
some drivers can be surly or just downright ignorant .
* wasting over an hour of my time .
big league cities need big league transportation .
what i found most annoying was the uncomfortable seating .
okay , i'm not from pittsburgh .
half my dish was potato .
there was seriously nothing remotely healthy on this menu .
anyway - i won't be heading back anytime soon !
i signed all paper work and returned the keys .
i became very angry .
worst customer service at this place .
no grace period or understanding at all .
she was as useless as a tsa agent .
why didn't i get paid then ?
i probably won't be back ever again .
i thought the turkey was slimy and tasted weird .
unfortunately , this place is pretty dirty .
make sure no flies land on your food .
unfortunately , i learned this the hard way .
worst sandwich on earth .
oh primanti 's , you always disappoint !
it was really , really , not good .
service was indifferent , at best .
i was not impressed with my sandwich there .
rude , arrogant , and just nasty .
i don't like coleslaw .
the sandwich at best was mediocre .
2nd experience , today , equally as awful .
their fries are also soggy and gross .
the concept isn't that ridiculous either .
the only flavors were vinegar and pepper .
the sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive .
half the sandwich falls out while your eating .
ordered a grilled chicken salad , take out .
i only go there when dragged by coworkers .
lack of flavor really hurts them in my opinion .
i really don't know what the hype is about .
i was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant .
she just disappeared again .
until then she was just missing .
i was really annoyed .
it was all french fries and very little meat .
so , why such a low score ?
the service was terrible .
sit back down and i'll take your order . "
utterly , totally unbelievable .
the chicken was like tasteless rubber .
it was a sandwich mostly of slaw and fries .
nope , won't be back .
disappointed , big time .
tonight was my second attempt here .
not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff .
no more tries here .
but no good sandwich needs nonsense like that .
i stand by my decision : pass .
can i give this place zero stars ?
this time i got the grilled chicken salad .
the chicken was tasteless and rubbery .
it , however , didn't work for me .
it's not much of a cheesesteak .
i can't hold it against them though .
this sandwich shop lacks all of those things .
will never return to any location !
highly disappointing philly cheesesteak !
before she ran off , we ordered our meals .
it was just strange .
basically , this place is like dr. pepper soda .
ok , i get it , your busy .
nothing to write home about .
sorry , i guess it's just not my thing .
i don't care for primanti brothers .
my other issue is their restaurants are all filthy .
i do not recommend this place .
that being said , this place was not good .
firstly , the food had no flavor .
that has nothing to do with our party size .
we'd probably never go back .
i don't understand the hype with this place .
the sandwiches they serve are gross !
the fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor .
hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway .
way too much coleslaw .
too many fries on the sandwich .
i've been here three times and it's been inconsistent .
i end up picking half of my sandwich apart .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
the burger is dry and lacks flavor .
the bread was the worst part .
the servers are polite , but extremely inattentive .
the sandwich sucked ; no flavor , no excitement .
and the beer menu was mediocre , at best .
and the wait staff were awesome .
also , parking was shit .
this place really did suck .
for the most part they were rude and inattentive .
i dread it at this point .
for one , the service was terrible .
you will leave smelling like cooking oil .
and their beer selection sucks .
there is very little meat on the sandwich .
service isn't that great either .
for all the hype this was very disappointing .
not a fan of the french bread .
won't be coming back after this visit .
it was all bread and coleslaw .
the waiter was not nice at all !
my friend got an italian sub that was ok .
upon entering you are immediately greeted by pure chaos .
this mcdonalds is straight crap .
the staff doesn't seem to care .
i won't be going back .
this makes me sad to write this .
did they bite off more than they can chew ?
check the expiration dates on all purchase from here !
omg what a nightmare .
it wasn't a memorable meal or experience .
i'm not a fan of that .
the staff is rude .
the prices are too high for the quality .
just all around disappointing .
i won't be back .
horrible service and horrible food !
i couldn't even taste the crab !
my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
worst meal we've ever had .
busy , slow and awful .
i'm not a beer drinking novice .
no tip , never coming back .
the waitress was slow getting around to us .
i won't be back .
first , all of the food was extremely overpriced .
i couldn't have tried to make food this poor .
i don't even know where to begin .
what a complete disaster .
we did not feel any of these things .
it's not like they were busy .
this place was terrible .
the seafood tasted old .
the bathrooms were gross and probably never clean .
clearly , i must not love myself or something .
the fish was hot and crispy .
but the clams casino were inedible .
the crab cakes were also bad .
not worth wasting your time .
service was just awful .
i will give them hell . "
steak was way over cooked .
was not busy but waitress was hard to find .
friends warned me not to eat here .
this was just awful , start to finish .
and a generally miserable experience .
are you kidding me ?
that 's not a lobster roll !
and trying to get our check ?
i won't be back .
tried thin man , closed .
the waitress was rude and less than helpful .
why the need to put lobster in a dye ?
sent the mussels back .
rest rooms are dirty , and smell of urine .
the oysters were absolutely disgusting .
they were not fresh , or cleaned very well .
as always , the service was terrible .
never again will i spend money in this place .
the burger was just eh .
overall , this joint was not that great .
no hostess coming up .
overall , my experience was okay .
that being said , it was downhill from there .
unfortunately the food was not .
can't recommend the place .
they were cold but did not taste fresh .
the slaw was reasonably good and cold .
i would be hard pressed to ever return .
mussels were freezing cold .
how can a seafood place serve terrible seafood ?
this place is terrible .
spend your money somewhere else .
poor excuse for seafood !
isn't even that great at the bar .
the place is gross !
i liked the bar .
overcooked and dry , dry , dry .
this lobster was dry and chewy .
the toppings were terrible ( pepperoni , sausage .
super disappointed in this place .
when the food arrived it was mediocre at best .
i wouldn't order food here , again .
this place is less than mediocre .
the clam chowder was just ok .
not worth the bucks .
life is too short for less than mediocre food .
absolutely a waste of time and money .
service is just terrible .
the food was terrible and way overpriced .
the restaurant was too busy .
the bathrooms were atrocious .
has n't made me sick , again .
i don't eat seafood often so i wouldn't know .
looks better than it tastes .
my salad came out shortly after the appetizer sliders .
no soup for me apparently .
the mussels were barely seasoned and were hardly edible .
i got the lobster roll and was really disappointed .
didn't even offer a food menu .
the food was bland at best .
alas , the bisque tasted like wheat paste .
maybe i just ate the box ?
it wasn't even crowded .
the food , however , was disappointing .
that , for me , ruined my whole meal .
she walked up the stairs and ignored us .
anyone who had french fries said they were cold .
lobster roll was dry and salty .
lack of chicken and brown , mushy lettuce .
i see why this place is hurting for business .
terribly salty " lobster roll " on greasy bread .
needless to say we won't be back !
ordered the lobster mac n cheese as an appetizer .
extremely disappointed in this dish .
my chicken sandwhich was also made with rubber chicken .
the only way to describe the food is disgusting .
-i split the giant beer battered fish sandwich .
the waiter was terrible .
i would not recommend them .
sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
the crab cakes were cold and overly salty .
what a horrible experience .
the bathrooms were disgusting .
but this place was just awful .
poor excuse for a gentleman 's store .
oh , and its very very expensive !
dark roasted , bitter , etc .
what i received was a whole milk latte .
but this isn't what i ordered .
that was not a real latte .
unfortunately , mike & tony 's closes by 6pm .
cheap gyro combo, cheap tasting meal .
the gyro itself was mediocre .
i kind of felt bad for her .
it was very cold inside the restaurant .
my husbands pork was a small portion .
it was very inexpensive and i understand why .
won't go back or recommend it .
the dining room was about half full .
why post a closing time if it isn't honored ?
this is an odd little cvs .
followed with an arrogant face !
should i really tell him how much he deserved ?
overall the food was hit or miss .
this place was really gross .
the bill was way too high .
i asked for my check and barely ate anything .
don't bother with this place !
i won't go back .
the hummus is a little bland .
tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
very bland and it actually tasted baked not grilled .
i didn't finish it .
the spinach pie was ok .
bland again and very chewy .
the cheese pie was pretty bad .
i will not go again .
better than nothing , i suppose .
none of our food was good .
a struggling business is always sad to see .
stay away and never look back .
i had spaghetti and meatballs and a caesar salad .
normally i hate salads in places like this .
service is lacking and food is mediocre .
however , neither were great .
but it certainly is sub-par .
the service was mediocre .
it has gone downhill badly .
very poor service and food .
the food was very poor .
we will not be going back .
the sauce was really disgusting .
their service is a hot mess !
just getting our drinks out was confusing .
it didn't taste fresh at all .
i unfortunately ordered the fettuccine alfredo -- worst ever .
the tiramisu also was gross .
i've never been to one & was really excited .
seriously though , their food is so bad .
won't be coming back anytime soon .
the food left much the be desired .
the service was the worst i've ever encountered .
and the restaurant is empty !
why would you not just get our drinks ?
the worst service ever .
the food was mediocre at best .
total waste of money .
my sister sent hers back because it was cold .
save your money and make spaghetti at home !
they are understaffed , incompetent , and slow .
it's tacky too hot .
avoid this place at all costs !
nothing i had tasted good .
service was incredibly slow .
i probably wouldn't go back .
the spaghetti tasted no different than boxed pasta .
our garlic bread came out literally black .
i can't even believe somebody would serve that .
we will not be back .
every dish had several things wrong with it .
even the bread was stale .
the pasta is consistently overcooked .
i will not visit this restaurant again .
this place is a disaster .
the service is really spotty too .
pros : never a dull moment .
dont like too soft pasta , al dente preferred .
i was not impressed at all .
gone is the famous gm bill .
the meat wasn't special .
service was ok but occasionally inattentive .
wow , not so much .
the food was bland .
nothing to write home about .
the food was not good .
what the hell is going on people ?
his side of mac and cheese was laughable .
the sides left much to be desired .
i ordered steamed broccoli and he ordered mashed potatoes .
terrible value but the steaks were good .
probably the worst value around .
we had dinner tonight and were so disappointed .
the food was bland at best .
the service is here so incredibly inconsistent .
the way you are treated is sub par .
the entire staff was rude .
the customer service here is horrible .
i feel like everything i say is wrong .
very poor customer service at this location .
it was a horrible experience .
if only they could train their employees better .
the washer and dryer was old .
the sofa looked old and was not comfortable .
this is rather expensive as well .
this is not a bad place to live .
the shop isn't that great anyway .
it was made of wood .
i guess all customers are n't equal .
the high prices and poor treatment don't add up .
here is where my mistake happened .
sad , very , very sad .
not worth your money .
needless to say , this completely ruined my meal .
it tasted like milk and no coffee .
i was exceptionally disappointed .
6am is too early for her .
she never even looked at me .
was she having a bad day ?
i dont know , i don't care .
6am is too early for her . "
seriously lady , you're not a morning person .
wouldn't come here again .
they simply didn't care .
worst brazilian wax i have ever gotten .
do not go here for waxing !
i will likely not give them my business again .
that was not acceptable to me .
this is not giant eagle !
owner and employee alike no manners and nasty .
good store - rude owners and employees .
staff definitely are really rude .
try not to come here unless it's for emergency .
also , parking is a big problem .
there were no apologies for the mistakes .
will take my business elsewhere in the future .
that 's right , my burrito had no flavor .
it was all beans and guacamole .
that pissed me right off .
second , the rolls here are sloppy .
i wouldn't call this place authentic korean bbq .
just don't expect fantastic korean bbq .
nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
this place was mediocre at best .
but i'd suggest you not !
texture and temperature of the fish scared me .
first of all , foods weren't impressive .
they are too pricy as well .
their foods are not that tasteful .
i don't understand why he is working there .
he was so rude and ruined our friday night .
upon arrival , the place is nearly empty .
the most disappointing part is the sushi itself .
they actually screwed up a green salad .
horrible , horrible , horrible .
there are much better sushi choices available .
long story short : i ordered delivery .
vegetable roll was good , but not exceptional .
still , would not recommend .
pricey and doesn't live up to it at all .
was the worst i have ever had .
will not go back .
that should have tipped me off .
my food was terrible .
avoid this place at all costs !
but for the sushi - forget it .
that is simply lazy .
this place was awful .
her meal was so hot she couldn't eat it .
mine was just disappointing .
i also thought it was extremely over priced .
great service but the sashimi was bad .
never been here before .
the wait staff -- not too pleasant !
service is slow and horrible .
sushi is not flavorful at all .
i was definitely not wowed by the sushi here .
not bad but i have better in the strip .
sadly , they just are n't .
couldn't keep my eyes open !
avoid this crap hole at all costs .
the food is not that great .
the menu is blah and the food is also .
awful service , overpriced food .
don't waste your money !
on arrival , waitress seemed lost .
the service here sucks .
it just sucks here .
however , the service is seriously lacking .
the service has always been very slow .
go in summer or no point in going .
it's not going to happen .
ordered , is not .
a little pricy for food but not too bad .
it was my anniversary tonight , a tuesday .
however , the food and service is sub par .
they went home hungry and very unhappy .
it's not even summer yet .
that was definitely not the case though .
rode my bike out to meet my old man .
rode my bike out to meet my old man .
service was slow and inattentive all night .
described as having crab , lobster and shrimp .
long story short , we won't be back .
overpriced beer and overpriced , bad food .
will not be returning .
probably won't be back .
no one at the counter even acknowledged my arrival .
it looked rather like a barber shop .
the staff didn't look very professional either .
very poor service and atmosphere .
a complete lack of work ethic , it's disgusting .
rotten food and over charging customer .
a lunch over charged and wasted .
didn't go so well .
who serves a drink without ice ?
the prime rib was fatty and cold .
the atmosphere is also drab and just depressing .
the food is pretty bad for an italian restaurant .
not worth the price .
the decor is very plain .
the food was underwhelming and pricey .
it's just not that good .
this place is just a flat out joke .
had no clue what i was talking about .
food was overpriced and less than average .
she had zero personality .
now i really wish we would have .
never again will i go there .
i'm a guy , i've got a short haircut .
i won't be back .
fairly average italian food other than the meatballs .
interior could use an update .
the food quality doesn't match the place at all .
sadly , however , they did not .
that does not make me chop liver .
in addition , the presentation was poor .
i could have done better at home .
i'm really torn by this review .
next time i'll try morton 's or capital grille .
but one is supposed to come here for steak .
extremely disappointing and appalling .
the corn chowder was ok but not very hot .
the steaks came and were both overcooked .
fail on all levels .
plus they have the worst presentation ever !
how far we have fallen .
poor , slow service .
this place is horrible .
you can get better service elsewhere for cheaper .
i brought my boots here to get fixed .
i won't be going here again .
no accessible stalls in restrooms .
after i ordered , the waiter came back twice .
oh , but wait until i got my bill !
get me out of here !
the place is empty .
it was such a nightmare .
the prices here can be ridiculous .
no one else in the same dining room .
not worth the attitude of the staff .
it was just meh .
all i could taste was citrus .
i was really disappointed with this visit .
we probably won't be back any time soon .
glad we went , but we won't go back .
even whole foods is less expensive .
the service is most often rude .
the gelato counter was disappointing .
however that is not what pittsburgh is about .
this is just my experience .
cheap , everyone seems to say that .
but i wasn't feeling it here .
i ordered mine , chocolate , and cried vanilla .
she didn't listen at all .
no breaking of the ice .
this place is terrible !
we had the same experience when we walked in .
just kind of awkward , but no big deal .
tasty , but not real butter pecan .
i'd give it zero stars if i could .
but these corporate suits refused .
a little goodwill would have cost them nothing .
what a disgrace to the marriott name .
finally they allowed me to put down cash .
literally worst service i've ever received at a hotel .
do not stay here .
you will be disappointed .
the manager nowhere to be seen .
not personal at all strictly business .
no hello on entering .
not even the shuttle goes anywhere useful .
i couldn't have been happier !
no bueno and no thank you !
shower shoes , i never leave home without them !
i will not be staying at this location again .
i can't wait to check out .
her corned beef was brown and bad .
yuck i have avoided this subway like the plague .
the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful .
plus i was served teriyaki fajitas .
for me the food was terrible .
they are in terrible shape .
i couldn't believe it !
the place is rather run down .
the buffet was really terrible .
it just wasn't a great environment .
soups were borderline offensive .
there probably won't be a wait !
worst chinese food in pittsburgh !
this is the worst chinese food i've had .
and pittsburgh has some pretty bad chinese places .
the place was empty .
won't be eating there again .
not worth the trip .
meat was dry under seasoned and luke warm .
the bread was just sliced supermarket bread .
rules made by men .
when the food finally came it was bad .
the food itself was not too bad .
my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
the food was terrible !
we quickly found out why .
i would not recommend this place for food .
this is a very small irish pub .
the bar area felt cramped and made me uncomfortable .
are you gon na eat that ?
the soda was flat .
possible the worst restaurant i was ever in .
worst experience at a restaurant ever .
i don't need anything fancy but this was pathetic .
why didn't we just leave then .
food was not awful , but just barely average .
the steak was rough and bad .
i will never be back .
i have better food in m own .
definitely has the local irish bar feel to it .
this represents a real problem for the city .
this place was horrible .
the walls were dirty , nasty and dingy .
it smelled awful inside .
it was quite crowded .
and i just did not like my surroundings .
there is no wifi and only two outlets .
not good at all .
you should skip this place for sure .
it's not worth it .
the noodles were very bland and almost chewy .
don't waste your time , order from somewhere else .
worst chinese i've had in pittsburgh .
cheap food but my chicken was burnt .
my co-worker 's chicken wasn't cooked right .
not gon na order from here again .
do not use this dry cleaner .
cold cuts were good though pricey .
highly questionable hygiene for a food store !
that was not the first time .
i will not go back until they are gone .
a simple yes or no would have been nice .
in a very rude voice .
needless to say i walked away .
breeze and the cat was tested and was negative .
there was no internet at the time .
i would not bring a spider there .
it was just average , nothing special .
i won't be back .
they threw some tomatoes on it .
we are talking a plain bottle with mystery ketchup .
tables were not very clean .
ordered a gyro and the meat was cold .
i really don't see the hype .
i've only eaten here once before .
not one employee even said hello !
long story short , we passed on dessert .
i won't go back .
they have a salt problem .
the lamb chops were awful .
the tomato was hard as rock .
but the worse is the pasta trio .
the concept is just so olive garden .
it does nothing to support the brand of lidia .
their menu doesn't include really any .
the service was not very good .
it was not spicy .
i won't go back .
most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless .
i was very disappointed with my meal here .
and was really disappointed .
too bad the food wasn't good .
the beet salad was underwhelming .
and thus my rating of meh .
which is a huge shame .
this place had horrible service .
then , i ate here .
are these the same people running this restaurant ?
don't you care about your reputation and good name ?
also , the service was not that good .
one word ; gross .
the wine list is lacking .
in short , avoid this place !
the main courses themselves were a disaster .
and the manicotti was watery and flavorless .
lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
i was disappointed in the food !
i get better shrimp pasta at macaroni grill !
the lasagne i ordered was flavorless as well .
colors and decor seem boring and out of style .
the service was horrible .
did i mention the service was bad ?
however , seconds never came .
waitress didn't even know until i told her politely .
isn't the rule " customer is always right " ?
there was no background music .
the waiter was young and inexperienced .
would not recommend it .
this spot wouldn't have lasted a year in nyc .
the entrees were dull and lacked seasoning .
it's tough to find anything good here .
the menu offerings were spotty .
gnocchi and duck ragu was what i ordered .
i was very disappointed .
ate at this resturant while on a business trip .
our food was just average , nothing special .
the service was absolutely horrible .
i would probably not come back .
second , our food was served just barley warm .
we will not be back .
nothing to talk about .
the service was sub-par on a friday night .
over charge and terrible food .
terrible will never go back .
calamari was not fresh .
caesar salad was drowning in tart dressing .
i don't remember it being this bad .
pasta trio was bizarre .
only passable pasta was the pear & ricotta ravioli .
it was downhill from there .
lamb chops and shrimp pasta were just ok.
the sausage was made in-house and was very flavorful .
very unappetizing and i was unable to continue eating .
i had the pasta trio .
none of the pastas had any flavor .
the caesar salad was fine , but not inspiring .
the three pastas were very , very basic .
i think lidia & grandma would be appalled !
i pushed it away ugh !
it came w duck ragu that was ice cold !
try their calamari over angel hair yum !
lidia should be embarrassed .
grilled octopus : where 's the octopus ?
staff training is badly needed .
what a huge disappointment .
bottom line : horrid service , mediocre food .
our server was nice but rushed .
my date 's bruschetta appetizer was bland .
horrible service and food was bland .
most likely will not return .
it has been nothing but bad service .
there are fruit flies hovering around our table too .
it's an ayce trio .
i'm sure the ending doesn't get much better .
our main dishes were equally mediocre .
the duck breast was under done .
fake italian at its finest .
unless olive garden is closed , don't go here .
unfortunately yelp asked to provide more details on review .
the information for this restaurant needs to be updated !
it was a very disappointing meal .
the bartender doesn't belong in the business .
rude to patron and to his own colleagues .
and service is piss poor and understaffed .
well sports rock failed on all accounts .
prices too high for strip district beer .
upstairs looks like it's a club at night .
standard so-so pittsburgh pizza .
better luck next time .
tastes plain & over cooked .
i don't think i'm being harsh .
delivery : horrible experience .
she promptly explained that the internet was down .
and , apparently , delivery .
it was all kind of meh to me .
food is terrible so is customer service .
there are better restaurants in pittsburgh .
this is piss poor excuse for a turkish restaurant .
i would be careful ordering food here .
the service was very poor .
delivery was fine but the food was terrible .
but it was seriously bad .
but i couldn't eat it .
are you kidding me ?
the whole experience was absolutely ridiculous .
i didn't hear back .
i would never stay in this hotel again .
the cleanliness of the bathrooms is less than desirable .
i mean thats absurd to charge these prices !
the auto show was a disappointment .
it was pretty busy and there were people everywhere .
parking at the hotel is expensive .
my biggest complaint is that our shower wasn't clean .
but this place is downright disgusting .
no fitted sheets on the beds ?
the tv movies didn't work ?
the place is just dirty .
unless you want to catch a disease .
the pool is strictly a lap pool .
and the women 's locker room was nasty .
the only plus was the shuttle service and driver .
don't stay here , save your money .
the terrible experience happened before i even arrived .
really poor service and way overpriced .
the rooms are not worth the money .
i would not revisit the westin convention center .
worst elevator system i've ever come across .
rude front desk staff .
talk about a nasty look and attitude .
i was sooooo disappointed with this hotel .
the ac barely works .
but maybe they're not even trying !
breakfast options in the immediate area are almost nonexistent .
the coffee maker is disgusting and smells .
disappointing at every turn .
the beer is cheap .
horrible , go to long john silver 's .
i should know better than to have high expectations .
the two jumbo fried shrimp were ok.
both the waitress and the bartender were extremely rude .
i wasn't impressed with my clam chowder .
however , they have several cooked selections .
styrofoam plates and plastic forks .
cash only is really customer friendly as well .
this lunch kinda sucked .
why it's locked i don't know .
sadly this one didn't do that for me .
this restaurant is horrible .
the waitress was rude and tried to rush us .
sadly we were disappointed with our meal .
are u kidding me ?
the food was ok but it's not memorable .
imitation crab & lots of filling .
so i was like dang !
my return is questionable .
guess what , no fresh oysters .
just checked it out for the first time .
avoid at all costs !
i do not recommend this restaurant .
the fish sandwich is bland on a generic bun .
the soup was nothing to write home about .
the fries were generic .
long wait time for initial service and drink refills .
just not what i had in mind .
i won't be going back .
this doesn't generally happen to me .
i couldn't eat anymore .
this place is awful .
i'm upset and offended .
had the gyro and added feta .
bottle of coke had icy slush in it .
possibly the worst pizza i have ever eaten .
this wouldn't even qualify as pizza in north jersey .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the eastern european girl at the register is awful .
she should probably get fired .
the pizza at this place is o.k .
i'd never had the food before .
i can not eat this .
not sure why people like it so much .
if we had been drinking we wouldn't care .
maybe they had a bad day .
the fish n chips were not good .
the fries were soggy and soft , fish mediocre .
will not go eat there again !
needless to say , i probably won't be back .
this is a very odd restaurant .
i was here once and probably won't be back .
she couldn't believe that i said that .
i feel like she treated me like a criminal .
the service as mentioned was poor .
we will not be back .
the wonton soup was horrible .
when i walked in the place was empty .
she shrugged and did not seem interested .
i would not order this again .
but sadly , it wasn't .
but then i got my chicken lemongrass soup .
this trip was bad , even for the price .
no explanation at all was given .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
terrible terrible customer service .
poor service , awful attitudes and sub-par food .
thai tea was no bueno .
i'll probably not be back .
but , no such luck .
the food came out quickly enough .
but it was quite underwhelming .
i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
i chose the hot and sour soup .
it was also virtually tasteless .
the food is bland , bland bland .
don't waste your time or money .
rude service , and pizza was subpar .
random pizza toppings on lettuce ) this time around .
it really is pure torture sometimes .
also the pizza was bad .
way overpriced and service wasn't great .
i can't imagine anyone liking this super bland cardboard !
i just don't get how anyone could like it ?
no taste at all .
no sauce much and cheap cheese .
it was quite small though .
you know , standard italian hoagie .
i substituted steamed rice for the fried rice .
hope i have better luck next time !
i just ate half of a cockroach .
the food was unremarkable .
confusing , and a pain .
but over the years it has gone down hill .
i won't go back .
my girlfriend had a similarly bland meal .
under no circumstances would i eat here again .
but oh , how the standards have fallen !
items seem overcooked or undercooked .
i couldn't even finish it .
i didn't find it to be anything special .
and sure enough , cue tuesday -- no call .
she failed to follow-up when she promised .
did i mention the cake was dry ?
i ordered a long john which looked pretty good .
she showed me two options and i chose one .
it was also very dry .
well , this too was a massive disappointment .
bad sauce with flavorless cheese .
yes , more for the garbage .
swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
poor food poor excuses and apparently poor ownership .
our food is always wrong .
will not be coming back .
didn't even enjoy the pizza crust .
avoid at all costs .
reviews but they let me down .
the barber could not even cut a straight fade .
zero flavor and the mushrooms were canned .
so it was no discount at all .
i can not review the food .
i did not get a chance to eat there .
this was flat , one note .
yep , this place is terrible .
the flavor in the tiki masala was so bland .
both of these dishes were extremely unappealing as well .
i sadly had to throw most of it away .
but the noodles are a disgrace .
no way , dudes .
i'm not joking about the water .
pho broth takes like nine hours to make .
in fact i was quite disappointed .
for everything else , try the cat clinic .
i don't need to receive attitude from a receptionist .
clearly , they don't need my business .
i think i'll be going elsewhere next time .
it was a mess .
i stop in every week for it .
but , lately it's been hit or miss .
it is all watered down and gross .
but i really wouldn't recommend going there .
he obviously didn't care at all .
this place is terrible .
tandoori chicken doesn't taste like one etc .
decor is tasteless and old .
carpet looks really dirty .
i'm definitely not coming back .
seem nice but the food is not that good .
this was not nearly as good .
food was dry and the sauces were watery .
trust me , you'll be glad you did .
sadly , i was disappointed .
the karaoke host was just lame .
it was just really lackluster in my opinion .
the karaoke had a very limited selection .
won't be going back .
i don't understand why people love this place .
the bar food is typical .
the place smells awful and the workers are grumpy .
there are other italian grocery stores close by .
i rushed to tan today after work .
i'm weird like that .
it's just generic stuff .
like i said , olive garden , only local .
so i wouldn't go back .
it's not my kind of food , or place .
it looked a mess .
the spring rolls were completely soggy .
my boyfriend ordered the pork rice vermicelli bowl .
however , my dish was nothing to brag about .
it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
i don't understand this either .
the rolls were extremely bland and chewy .
the beef pho was sub par .
so highly disappointed with my pho experience .
the menu is small with very limited choices .
there was also excessive msg in the soup dishes .
the food is cheap .
they're big , but again nothing special .
at tram 's , the pho bowl is small .
bad service , bland food .
don't believe the hype .
i think i chose wrong .
ordered the pho and it was mediocre and forgettable .
later on , we saw them on our bill .
they were overpriced , and not worth it .
the food was mediocre and full of msg .
the portions were really small .
bland and disappointing , the pho most of all .
the dish was dry and lacked flavor .
as it were , i wasn't impressed .
the service , was not the best .
pho is ok , not bad .
this is the worst .
i will never try it again .
also questionable tofu in the vegetarian spring rolls .
i'm vietnamese , worse viet food ever !
maybe i just didn't order the right dish .
egg roll and fried rice is too greasy .
service is not friendly .
turns out this wasn't the case .
the entire restaurant could use a thorough cleaning .
i left , and don't intend to return .
try tom 's diner or eat 'n park instead .
heck , go to a grocery store instead .
never a dull moment .
the restaurant has the diner feel , no doubt .
you can't mess it up ) .
the food ranges from mediocre to bland .
worst food in pittsburgh .
i think the food is boring .
i don't want to be too mean .
had no desire to eat throughout the day .
the two times i've been there i was unhappy .
cheap , average diner food .
the food is crap .
they screwed up a club sandwich & fries .
kind of gross if you ask me .
located in not such a great part of town .
food is just ok , grease upon grease .
waitresses do not make much of an effort .
the wings were dry .
that 's an automatic star in this dead city .
the food just isn't that great .
no parking = no visit from me .
their chicken is better too .
it's clear that cleanliness is not a priority here .
no need to be nasty .
typical diner look and menu .
do not make the mistake and eat here .
overall , my experience eating here has been inconsistent .
soup not hot , waitress and cook fighting loudly .
this is a scam and highly unacceptable .
he couldn't have told me that prior ?
i could taste absolutely nothing from her veal .
it was truly , truly just plain sad .
don't waste your time !
this place is trashy .
total dive bar with awful food and service .
diners beware , spend your money elsewhere .
not much for atmosphere .
sorry , but i just don't get it .
i've had better burgers almost everywhere .
i dropped them off while i parked the car .
not sure what all the hype is about .
but the burger wasn't memorable at all .
never understood all the hype about this place .
the burgers are rather bland and burnt .
and the wait was always ridiculous to boot .
every interaction seems designed to make people feel awkward .
i had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay .
i did like the home fries , very yummy !
oh but it's not .
it's just not that good .
burgers are adequate - nothing special .
the bread was cheap and tasteless .
the home fries were just diced potatoes .
i just don't understand the appeal .
however , it was absolutely nothing special .
also , the home fries were just mediocre .
bland would be an understatement .
the inside looked a bit old and run down .
i would not suggest bringing a baby here .
this was not the case .
mediocre food and mediocre service .
the dust doesn't end there .
worst service and seating ever !
i would never come back .
maybe i should cut down on the costco dogs ?
however , i won't be back .
was really excited to try this out .
didn't wait long to be seated .
waitresses were overwhelmed and avoided us .
i don't see why people really like this place .
they were soggy , and not crispy at all .
even worse , no seasoning whatsoever .
we sat outside and the service was very slow .
tonight , however , was just awful .
it was way too thick and absolutely tasteless .
we should have requested another waitress at that moment .
would never consider going back .
there were nine people in the bar section .
my alfredo was tasteless .
this was really disappointing .
everything tasted like nothing .
everything was just bland and disappointing .
pasta was watery and very limp .
i will not be returning .
these guys are definitely lazy !
i really wouldn't go back again .
( this becomes important later . )
they were significantly cheaper .
i felt terrible for her in that situation .
nobody else even ordered drinks while we were there .
but this was not what i had in mind .
but the bed was a big disappointment .
the mattress was borderline uncomfortable .
my room came with an awesome jacuzzi .
looking into this place , they have no website .
there is no excuse .
not a good first impression .
thankfully they give it to me without further lip .
the ice cream was nothing special .
but there 's nothing special about this place .
coming here was usually pretty exciting .
this place is just not our usual dive bar .
i was not even acknowledged .
this was a moderately steady thursday night .
they wouldn't look at me .
" ill tell the waitress . "
my experience here was terrible .
mediocre food and also over-priced .
this silky 's pub place is a complete joke .
so , yeah , the smell .
you play russian roulette with your quarters every time .
now i'm sad , real sad .
the front staff is very curt and short .
no problems with my oil change .
honesty today must have been forgotten .
avoid at all cost .
they will ruin your car .
they are extremely slow .
they are incredibly slow and ridiculously over priced .
very very slow service .
too busy with your iphone ?
my merlot was decent but the calamari was not .
service could have been better .
i might return for drinks but only drinks .
the food is bad !
another twenty six minutes pass and husbands food comes .
both the waitress and the bartender were downright hostile .
the food is mediocre ( at best ) .
the place is a total dump .
a breakfast sandwich had weird burnt meat on it .
it just isn't for me .
all i tasted was burnt oil .
i could not even eat one !
i am so disappointed .
do not eat here .
i've had much worse .
pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best .
wine selection is very weak .
eggplant parm was a little better than average .
i'm sorry , this place is simply not good .
yes bread , this is not your best .
words could not describe my disappointment .
imitation crab meat at an italian restaurant doesn't fly .
i wasn't really a fan .
i've made much better at home .
which was dry , overcooked and lukewarm .
did we catch them on a bad day ?
thanks but probably won't be back .
both meals were served barely warm .
both plates were mediocre at best .
oh and that 's not the end of it .
unfortunately , the entrees were no better .
my girlfriend ordered chicken alfredo .
needless to say , my cannoli was awful .
don't expect fresh food .
first of all , house chianti tasted like vinegar .
if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
what i received reminded me of mrs grass soup .
really bad italian food .
probably the worst i've ever had .
the worst american version of italian food .
prices were okay , but no great bargain .
i have n't been back .
i rarely write negative reviews .
the salad was nothing special .
the server got my order wrong .
this place was horrible .
i was very excited to try this place .
the pad thai was dry and tasteless .
ill pass i've had better thai for less .
the carrots and broccoli was cooked beyond recognition .
okay thai food , nothing special , and overpriced .
eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp .
i didn't think it was that good .
worst thai restaurant in pittsburgh .
i was greatly disappointed by this restaurant .
the place was very busy and noisy .
it was tough and boring .
the wings were awful .
they were large , tough and tasteless .
nevertheless , i will not go there , again .
don't waste your money !
my favorite sauce was the honey jalapeno .
i just had the worst meal ever here .
not a big deal just thought it odd .
just meh sorta flavorless .
went to getaway last night for famous fajitas .
decided to give them another chance and was disappointed .
i told my friend to forget about it .
( oh , heck no ! )
what an awful experience .
my steak hoagie was actually two mini sandwiches .
i wouldn't recommend it .
in a word : forgettable .
it's not 5-star , it's pizza .
i really don't understand the hype of this place .
the pizza was just ok .
that was really unprofessional .
the bottom and the top rated with grease .
it was still dripping with grease .
i assure you this place isn't it .
after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
the pie it self was a real mess .
its a dry dough too , very dry .
the sauce is very forgettable and watery .
and just leave this one alone .
really don't get the high praise for their pizza .
their sauce is so thin and tasteless .
the cheese is almost too much .
which you failed , because of your tire .
don't waste your time and money here .
monday , tuesday and wednesday came and went .
we won't be back to this one .
wasn't worth it for me .
just really lots of junk .
i'd rather spend my money at goodwill !
it is now grossly over priced .
it tends to bring in the worst of people .
get the diagnosis and get several estimates to compare .
do not use , awful experience !
my house is under 1,000 sf .
i feel ripped off .
same goes for the provolone wheel .
the bread was not fresh either .
i'm genuinely disappointed with the recent changes .
i don't regret it at all .
the cupcakes were average at best .
sadly , yelp failed me this time around .
they just don't run a very professional operation .
owner is a terrible terrible person .
tossed me out for no good reason .
it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
fake words aside , this pizza really sucks guys .
the pizza was really really greasy .
they were pretty terrible .
we won't be ordering from here again .
completely unprofessional and ridiculous .
none of this is exaggeration .
literally the worst experience ever .
seriously the worst mcdonalds i've ever been to .
service is always slow .
but the situation inside is fairly ridiculous .
i hate this location .
will defiantly not go there again !
this leaves the meat dry and tasteless .
hostess was great , service was adequate .
the food is terrible .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the entrees are horrible .
this used to be one of our favorite restaurants .
the new pitas tasted like a doughy pancake .
my wife 's dinner was bland .
it was that bad .
my hope is that they fix their problems .
avoid at all costs .
i wouldn't go back .
well , this place is beyond horrible .
if i could give negative stars i would .
the service , however , was terrible .
no wonder the service was horrible !
will never stop here again .
horrible , rude service .
shrimp was hard to chew .
there was no aroma from garlic or onion .
i couldn't eat it .
i won't be back .
no changing tables in the bathroom .
interior is dark and dated .
dry rice , no flavor , greasy .
i left and very disappointed .
either case , i'm not thrilled .
never ever get the all-you-can-eat .
they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
also , service was unfriendly .
there is such a thing as food too fast .
incredibly unfriendly staff , completely clueless consultant .
think twice people before going here .
they of course could care less about me .
what horrible service this place gives !
to date that has not happened .
it seems ridiculous , actually .
hmm a bit misleading .
the blond hostess refused .
i won't be coming here again .
essentially three pieces of toast with various toppings .
our server was attentive , almost to a fault .
way overpriced for just ok food .
the pizza was simply ok .
also , do not use multiple credit cards .
our pizza was burnt .
it tasted like charcoal .
it was cold and not a good portion .
just not a good value for the $ .
there weren't even many toppings to make it soggy .
it was a wet tasteless mess .
i may return if craving a good caesar .
we will not be going back .
friday night is apparently not the night to go .
and never refilled our empty water glasses .
bland and soggy as we've ever tasted .
worst service in years .
overall , not impressed .
i probably won't return .
i really like the pizza and marinated vegetables .
what was worse was the pizza was just average .
overall , a disappointing dining experience .
it doesn't make sense .
this restaurant is going downhill .
a white , boring , incredibly small plate .
food remains ok but prices have more than doubled .
i don't return on principle .
their market square location worse .
my pizza was okay , nothing yummy .
way too over priced .
go for drinks and nothing more .
i've been wanting to try this place for awhile .
i eat out almost every night of the week .
i expected bland sushi .
but hey , it's pittsburgh .
man , was i wrong .
the sushi was not fresh .
the sushi wasn't rolled tight either .
there are no descriptions for any of the rolls .
they do not offer low sodium soy sauce .
actually , everything i ate was mushy .
their ginger dressing is unbelievable .
miso soup had an odd taste this visit .
our waitress was mia most of the night .
i did not have a good experience here tonight .
we ordered the filet mignon with chicken hibachi .
this is not japanese food , period .
i swear it was worse than my first experience .
the flavor of the dough is generic and salty .
the dough was also fairly dense .
the cheese ruined this pie .
all in all this pizza just sucks .
some good some bad .
even burger king doesn't microwave their breakfast !
the chili soup wasn't hot .
filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
we won't return here .
why does this place always smell bad ?
food isn't that great .
lots of tv 's though .
the ambiance is a little strange .
the service was also overwhelmed and really slow .
the service was terrible .
sorry , not sorry .
this place doesn't do it for me at all .
don't bother eating here .
avoid at all cost .
sad to see it go .
but i'm sure the mall 's rent killed them .
sad to see it go .
now it won't fit .
she slowly responded " yeah " hardly looking up .
i am so frustrated with this service .
i should have just gone to giant eagle .
this was a horrible experience .
i really don't have much desire to go here !
and , no , i'm not making this up .
none of them responded to me .
no call , nothing .
won't be going back .
won't be going back .
no , she went ahead anyway .
wait which i left to run some errands .
the worst salon experience of my life .
i have no clue what they gave me .
they just wanted to work , i guess .
i chose a sugar cookie and mexican cookie .
i'm not wasting my calories on a bad cookie .
the mexican cookie was just the same consistency .
don't think the floor has ever been washed .
it's like they hate their lives .
wish there was a choice of no stars .
there was no noise control so sleep was impossible .
overpriced merchandise that does not last .
even the shoes fell apart after a few months .
the salespeople are not pushy .
the coffee is okay , nothing special .
this place just keeps getting worse and worse .
so long story short , this place is packed .
it's a little annoying .
felt like i was in someone else 's hood .
get over yourselves people .
they apparently don't care about your time or money .
servers here can be really rude .
it wasn't even that she said it .
i won't be back .
the wifi signal is weak .
the drinks are not so great .
sorry , just not interested .
unfortunately , the wi-fi here is miserable .
its connection is also very spotty .
that 's about where the positives stop .
espresso is pretty bad .
this place is out of my dry cleaning budget !
the damage was done .
don't expect any help when things get ruined .
will never return to the store .
i was livid and called to complain .
they offered me nothing .
terrible customer service will never book with them again .
not worth your money !
i won't be going back to see him again .
this place is awful .
i mean , so so bad .
absolutely horrible customer service .
not sure what star rating to give .
it's happened everytime i go and it's really unprofessional .
as for beverages , they really skimp .
the bed was dirty too .
she was clearly in a hurry .
well what a mistake i made .
i can not recommend this salon .
that 's about as far as it goes though .
they charge me for their mistake .
but that 's apparently the way they do it .
the head massage was painful and rough .
i probably won't be returning for a hair appointment .
but i am not rushing back .
so disappointed with this place .
so disappointed with this place .
poor customer service and they were rude .
i am not a fan of this place .
please do not give them business .
rather , they were extremely rude and defensive .
do not use this cleaner .
they do not stand by their mistakes .
customer service is poor .
this place is extremely overrated .
last night the service was especially lackluster .
unfortunately , the food was mixed .
it just wasn't very good .
this includes the broth and the chicken .
dear pittsburgh , we are foodies from boston .
drinking scotch in pittsburgh has been fun so far .
went to soba to celebrate my sons birthday .
it was very cold .
needless to say i was extremely disappointed .
it was not enjoyable .
for the very first time the food was awful .
find a new chef quickly .
vietnamese beef noodles were bland and flavorless .
thai corn soup jumbo crab ?
pad thai at a fusion place ?
tandoori salmon was average .
why weren't their any ice in the glass ?
after the renovation the place lost its center !
way too much hype for such underwhelming food .
sadly , i was grossly disappointed .
it was sad , really .
but it was downhill from there .
it was dry and average , at best .
it's just not that good .
service is sketchy here at best .
those expectations kind of fell flat .
service here on a saturday night was atrocious .
it's good , but too expensive .
i don't think the price worth the food .
the portion is too small .
i mean really loud .
i will not recommend this establishment in the future .
rolls small lacking substance .
these place are virtually the same .
okay bagels though a little overpriced .
have consistently had rude customer service .
really turns me off .
the coffee 's terrible .
not worth the time and money to go here .
do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
tastes like crap but whatever , they serve it .
but don't feel this way .
not horrible , just nothing to write home about .
i just found the worst breakfast spot in pittsburgh .
the egg and cheese were disgusting .
bad food - ordered a bagel sandwich - yuck !
and the customer service was horrible .
the coffee was expensive and tasted like dirt .
avoid this place as all costs .
we also tried the hummus which was pretty good .
friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
i really couldn't believe this .
this place is going downhill fast .
first off , our waitress just wasn't good .
bacon doesn't take that long to cook .
so , that was really disappointing .
but it wasn't over .
there were literally exactly four sad little pieces .
only because i live nearby .
this place just bored me .
really don't know what to say .
bored , bored , bored , bored , bored .
ours wasn't plain and simple .
first place i went on my visit to pittsburgh .
it's not even good bacon !
i have nothing good to say about this place .
this place offers really poor service .
i don't enjoy doing it .
almost every time i have been let down .
appetizers : nothing really wrong here .
i don't hate anything on the harris grill menu .
bad form , harris grill .
but truth be told , i'll probably be back .
because i really want to like harris grill .
zero stars for service .
zero stars for price .
once seated , service was extremely slow .
the place was mostly empty .
( they had run out of home fries ) .
wasn't impressed by their sunday brunch .
didn't like the presentation of the buffet .
there 're not much options on the menu .
i tried the pasta once and it was tasteless .
i don't understand why this place is so popular .
they were packed and couldn't keep enough food out .
very hit or miss place .
i will never go back to this place again !
it is just disgusting .
seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
salmon salad was not good at all .
will not be going back ever .
she just sat there and read a magazine .
it was hard to find a machine .
there has to be better gyms in the area .
very disappointing and frustrating .
the gym also has barely any lighting .
the building we stayed in was not full .
great location but low on amenities .
" it's not coming off !
pros : it's like living in an apt .
cons : extremely inconsistent room cleaning service !
the quality of service from the staff was inconsistent .
and the elevator did not work at times .
we will not stay at this hotel again .
i've never been so horribly treated in my life .
do not stay here .
nothing special about this place .
great location but the facilities are a little tired .
the management at this restaurant is horrendous .
i wouldn't mind coming back for brunch .
their burgers are dead to me .
worst eggs benedict experience i've ever had .
so tired of this place .
the balsamic vinaigrette was straight vinegar .
the bloody mary was completely disgusting .
and there was no alcohol in it .
it was god awful .
the artichoke dip was ok , but very greasy .
the pasta a bit dry and bland as well .
there is an ok number of beers on tap .
the main courses are very low quality .
my reuben sandwich was just okay .
probably should have gotten a salad .
my lil heart fell .
the menu is boring .
lettuce was ice cold , nearly frozen .
this place is hit or miss .
could not have been more patronizing .
i wouldn't recommend richard or the salon to anyone .
the second haircut was great , but styled horribly .
the worst part was checking out .
are you kidding me ?
each visit was more bizarre than the time before .
overall , my haircuts were never good .
the receptionist can not handle tips at all .
i left extremely upset and no one cared .
this is not an exaggeration .
the stylist didn't come back after a couple minutes .
needless to say , i will not be back .
the technique of the haircut is so poor .
i will not come for the second time .
richard does not make you feel comfortable .
so i might not be the target audience .
the specials and menu prices are apparently wrong .
pricing is horrendous for beers .
weekend : dont bother .
unless you're a local don't go in there .
not a lot of character , but cheap prices .
this is a neighborhood denny 's with a bar .
at best , less than mediocre breakfast .
service was slow but they were nice about it .
this place is very below average .
further , they were unapologetic when i complained .
this is the worst spot on walnut st !
i'm not even sure where to start .
the vegetables weren't even cooked .
the food was terrible .
overall terrible over priced food experience .
i would recommend never eating here .
so disappointed in food and its cost .
it wasn't even super busy .
then , they are n't even that nice !
sorry , i grew up in pgh .
but , something happened sadly .
the cake part is now dry ?
go back to the way it was done before .
but i'm really disappointed .
dirty and old looking bakery .
not best cake in america by a long shot .
i've experienced better " ) because i have .
on top of that the cake wasn't even fresh .
the chocolate was too sweet .
i miss the old owner of the place .
pamela is a bad representation of this location !
the toppings on my salad were barely there .
the salad has been greatly reduced in size .
cutting too many corners .
( all same kind of cookie ) .
apparently old cookies are standard here .
avoid until this store gets its act together .
that exchange was awkward too .
these people are very unprofessional and rude .
one of worst patient experiences .
his staff is embarrassed .
will not go back there , ever !
didn't havana go out of biz ?
if not , oops !
i only go in to buy six packs .
she was rude and all over the place .
hummus is ridiculously expensive .
drama , drama , and more drama .
plus i didn't feel great !
selection of veggies are ok .
selection of fruit is a little below average .
but going here is always such a nightmare .
the parking lot is miserable .
the romaine is especially pitiful .
items don't have price tags .
they also have fake sales .
this giant eagle market district is garbage .
the drinks are weak as well .
entrees were half off but all looked mediocre .
big groups of patrons led to pretty slow service .
the service can also be rather slow .
my feet were still rough .
to be smooth after only one pedicure . "
it's an embarrassment on walnut .
and you just lost all of our business .
doesn't even deserve one star !
however , the customer service here is absolutely awful .
tiffany prices with kay jewelers selection .
however , this past visit was unfortunate .
the host was horrendous and extremely rude .
i've already admitted it's nothing special .
but also way over prices .
service is bad when you enter .
if it is busy expect to be treated poorly .
the food is poor .
the pasta was mushy -- way overcooked .
far too much cream and cheese .
didn't finish this dish .
my wife had a chicken special .
not a good start .
not a good start .
very poor form on the owners part .
i then turned around and walked out .
and proceeded to scream at her for several minutes .
food was excellent but we hated the ambiance !
reservations at 7:00 pm saturday .
that completely turned us away from this restaurant .
very rude and unacceptable .
i won't be going here again .
what a horrible experience !
this made everyone extremely uncomfortable !
they don't know how to do business .
they don't help you to find a table .
basically , reservations mean nothing here .
unfortunately , the party stops there .
most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
i may or may not come back .
not off to a good start .
i will not be coming back .
decor leaves much to be desired .
i will never go back though .
way too expensive if you ask me .
it is such a rip off .
find someplace else in bloomfield .
also they lost my fianc 's work shirts .
will not be returning .
sorry to say that will be my last visit .
the minus : the maintenance staff is always around .
their staff is horribly rude that way .
they are completely mean and disrespectful .
horrible in every sense of the word .
they don't c are .
not worth your money .
very common problem in these apartments .
cant wait to move on .
the rent is too damn high .
the hallways smell like hot garbage , always .
bingo , couldn't have said it better .
it is not worth it .
management did not even apologize for my inconvenience .
i thought this was way too much .
this was my big mistake .
they did not fix the building by the way .
also , my package was stolen twice .
elevator always has problems .
they don't respect your privacy at all .
they're all around rude to deal with .
wondered into this place looking for some mixed drinks .
but too much pamela 's seems greasy .
it's like breakfast at most any other diner .
two words : grossly overrated .
unfortunately , pamela 's is neither of these things .
we had a terrible breakfast here not long ago .
plus the bread was poor quality .
we'll be enjoying breakfast elsewhere in the future .
for pamela 's , we gave it a shot .
way too rich to finish .
not deserving of the rave reviews .
breakfast is cheap , and definitely very poor quality .
this place isn't worth going to an atm for .
they are super thin and crispy on the outside .
i also didn't love the service we received .
it was average , but not restaurant quality .
come now , i barely drink alcohol .
granted , i like to host social events .
so here comes the story of walnut capital .
we always took the trash out .
never again will i rent from this company .
- chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool .
in fact , i didn't eat anything at all .
first , there are n't many tables .
however , the crepes are extremely over price .
the prices on the menu don't seem that bad .
otherwise , negative stars would be in effect .
what a completely miserable experience .
even the orange juice was bad .
i made an appointment weeks ago .
i said i couldn't .
they refuse to put anything on paper .
every thing about this place is wrong .
i should not be responsible for the bill .
this place is the worst ever .
we shrugged it off and went to the bar .
terrible service that night from an otherwise reputable place .
just getting off work , i came alone .
neither of us were surprised .
the food handling left much to be desired .
this was sorely lacking .
not professional at all .
unfortunately , it appears to be very poorly managed .
they were not met here .
the costumer service really ruined my experience .
awful customer service , rude and poorly managed .
try panera bread across the street .
we ain't got no hashbrowns !
employees show no sense of urgency .
do they train them to be rude and ignorant ?
don't use the drive-thru .
but i quickly learned my lesson .
the drive-thru is only slightly faster at 10-15 mins .
plus , the staff is rude .
worst wait times ever , staff is inefficient .
also , the service is slow and poor .
worst wendy 's i have ever had .
my moo shu chicken was mostly cabbage .
the food here was greasy , uninspired and bland .
not to be recommended unless you're desperate .
dim lighting that makes me want to sleep .
it's not romantic , just dim .
the only waitress i've had there is pretty rude .
the food is only okay .
price is not bad .
not all her fault .
the worst chinese food i've had .
there were bugs in my egg drop soup .
not very good chinese food here .
it reminded me of a cheap college place .
the soup was a weird creamy mess .
it was just awful and the service was terrible .
isn't that what they're supposed to do ?
anyway , the food was not very good .
in fact , it was awful .
i'm not sure they were .
no need to ever return .
crappy service and food .
could not eat it .
there is nothing chinese about the food !
general tso chicken lacks in chicken .
our food was cold .
didn't know you could mess up chicken lo mein .
delivery came somewhat cold , extremely bland .
the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
and the food was terrible too !
worst chinese food ever .
it's either just decent , or just plain bad .
this place is disgusting .
worst chinese food i've ever had .
it tasted rotten and disgusting .
worst chinese food i've had in ages .
we ordered just soup and eggrolls for takeout .
future actions : will not come again for sure !
at this point , one star is being generous .
unfortunately , we threw out most of our entrees .
i will not be ordering here ever again .
everything else was of unremarkable to poor quality .
too pricey for the quality .
crab cakes were awful .
worse than eat park quality .
just said to try back again !
french fries are pretty standard .
the food is lousy .
what a disappointment - i won't be back .
the service in this store is ridiculous .
they just are n't nice .
the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
sure she knew that rude .
the place is dirty too .
delivery time was unimpressive .
otherwise , probably not .
man were they wrong !
not even worth a star .
on top of it , i got so sick .
my stomach was in knots for hours .
very cheap over breaded and not fresh at all .
i wouldn't recommend going here .
extremely rude lady works there on sundays .
the worst bakery i ever shopped in !
couldn't even call me to let me know .
don't waste your time with this place .
worst nail salon ever .
not a smart move on my part .
it was just a bad scene .
i would absolutely not return to this salon .
what a complete waste .
please know that i hate leaving bad reviews .
and the pedicure was really really painful !
but i left stressed and bleeding !
no wonder it is for sale .
do not get married here !
i would not suggest this bar to anyone .
ash trays all over the bar .
linda did not call .
nothing was the way i ordered it !
steve and linda were so rude and unprofessional !
either way , no need for rudeness .
i bought pastries at this place several times before .
egg rolls , wonton soup were not good .
first sign i chose to ignore .
nothing updated , nothing new , nothing fresh .
second sign i chose to ignore .
he was loud , very loud .
he was not asian .
white , and very loud .
third sign i chose to ignore .
nothing special in flavor or presentation .
it's never cold , never .
the service was poor .
unfortunately the food was a let down .
will not use this garage in the future .
sounded like i was flying a helicopter .
they just came up with some excuse .
careless workmanship is all you'll find here .
i had a bad experience at penn automotive .
this place has gone down hill fast !
the drive thru is flat out dangerous .
try to avoid this location .
this is nothing new .
this has always been my least favorite wendy 's .
the prices are downright insulting .
is that too much to ask ?
fool me -- you can't get fooled again . "
it's annoying , i get it .
but my hubby didn't know any better .
but kayla , our cashier ?
all right , now i'm really done .
they gave me another burnt sandwich .
worst customer service ever at the pharmacy here .
avoid at all costs -- inefficient beyond belief .
i will not be back .
these people are the worst .
better than subway , but not jimmy johns .
overall just a really bad experience .
not sure about the food handling practices here .
i heard her talking about customers very badly .
i don't mind them being cash only .
i don't mind the unpleasant cashiers .
the atmosphere was atrocious .
the rest of the food was awful .
they were again completely flavorless , but warmer .
i hated this food and this experience .
the staff was rude .
i closed the door and she walked away .
that was insanely rude .
honestly , it's probably the worst i've ever had .
unfortunately i heard after i ordered .
i'm just not that excited for my lunch .
there 's not much left to say .
i'm not sure its all made in-house anymore .
delivery was fast but the food was terrible !
the egg roll was soggy and cold .
also , very expensive !
hand me my order and cash me out ! )
it turned into a giant mess .
not sure we will be back .
i was sick to my stomach when i left .
my cat is not eating .
thanks , but no .
pretty disappointed in my service here the other day .
but my patience was not even worth it .
upon arriving i immediately didn't feel welcome .
it tasted like hot chocolate .
things like that really bother me .
this place is dirty and the coffee is horrible .
ok i said i was sorry .
number of other guests is often zero - uncomfortable .
actually , this isn't even a bad review .
just not going back there .
i have n't been here in a long time .
i should 've known better .
the waitress just was too young and inexperienced .
this visit wasn't horrible , but definitely kinda unpleasant .
um , not me , thanks .
truly , if at all possible , avoid her !
i'm nothing if not organized .
worst venue iv been to .
but it wasn't during peak hours .
smoky , but not horribly so .
owner is rude & doesn't handle customers well .
terrible service , rude staff .
while it was ok , it wasn't great .
i won't be back .
they were frozen and certainly not worth the price .
the garbage and mail are very inconvenient .
this place is terrible .
the food was even worse than i remembered .
it was so spicy i couldn't really taste anything .
and it was very annoying !
she didn't refill drinks .
you get off the elevator on the 5th floor .
not a good idea .
the elevator moved really slow .
i think they probably deserve better .
the restaurant was worse for breakfast .
there were tables and servers ?
bad planning and execution ?
i do not support this unethical business practice .
i can not eat salad so ordered the soup .
turns out they don't have soup .
don't waste your time or money .
this particular location is horrible .
this used to be my favorite local waffle house .
i walked in and was a little surprised .
i will never be back .
the front waiting area was in mass confusion .
this is not an acceptable response for management .
we were starving waiting on our food .
not to mention , our order was wrong !
this place is way over priced .
the food was awful .
but they don't even seem to have subs .
well ok i guess .
the building is old and dirty .
not one good thing to say .
ball within the already limited selection .
does zero good to complain .
obvious they could care less .
worst mcdonalds in the united states of america .
i could get food faster in a prison cell .
and a lot has changed for the worst unfortunately .
not to mention they don't fill your drink !
i will not be a repeat patron .
like i said , i won't be back .
we didn't , as this was our first visit .
the range itself had terrible ventilation .
the lighting was poor .
my biggest complaint is pricing .
most indoor ranges charge by lane , not person .
customer service was poor and unfriendly .
the bathroom was gross .
they will not get another dime of mine .
same guy , same attitude .
i was very disappointed with new china .
i would highly encourage others to go elsewhere .
i will not return to new china .
nothing to brag about .
here for trivia night on tuesday night .
good food but this is ridiculous .
just had the worst experience at a nail salon .
so i didn't pay for the white .
absolute worst experience at a nail salon .
this was the worst gel manicure experience i've had .
i have left bleeding twice .
we didn't have a problem taking it to go .
hoping it's just been a bad few nights .
just awful customer service .
also had to dodge many foul balls .
our greeting at the front desk was awful .
she was appalling and rude .
as a customer i really don't care .
alot of money for very poor care .
i will not be going back .
this pizza is mediocre at best .
won't be going back .
they ripped me off .
they don't even have a restroom for customers !
this is the burger king that corporate forgot .
i have n't use their service yet .
no return call either .
i wish i could give less stars .
i told her that was no problem .
she not only lost out on a past customer .
szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
the chicken was all dark meat and tasted aweful .
chicken chewy and rubbery .
sorry panda ; this loyal customer has had enough .
do not go for the pumpkin patch !
it's really sad actually .
the installers were knowledgeable , friendly and efficient .
one week later it was empty again .
the room had a musty smell to it .
the parking situation is horrible .
the breakfast area was incredibly crowded .
worst service in the area , by far .
food was ok , nothing much to speak of .
he did not understand and said , no coupon .
none of the regulars were there .
worse nail salon i've ever experienced .
unfortunately , that didn't happen .
my sandwich didn't even have true tomato slices .
just chunks of tomato .
this was such a sour experience .
i won't be back .
save your money on the chili cheese fries .
i have been here a total of four times .
drinks are far too expensive to try any .
the wings and cheese fries were disgusting .
don't recommend buying a car of another make here .
only after the third time returning did anyone apologize .
so fool me once , shame on me .
very rude service was in line for ten mins .
i thought it was from a sloppy oil change .
so much for trying to support local business .
every order is wrong .
too bad even then the orders are not right .
nothing changes even when they are n't busy .
half of the floors don't have vending machines .
answer : pretty bad !
it was a tired person 's worst nightmare .
i'd say , skip this one .
that 's just nasty !
so i went through the whole thing for nothing .
there are no decent food options within walking distance .
others in our group had problems as well .
not convenient for an early flight .
my sleep and stay was ruined .
the hotel itself is ok .
it looks like they don't vacuum very often .
it was clean , but nothing to note otherwise .
she was told that they only have one cart !
there is nothing to eat within walking distance .
i don't need to spend my money there .
im never going back .
no this was just gross .
avoid at all costs !
they are so rude don't waste your time here .
was told there would be no problem .
this store is terrible .
this is not what you promised to sell me .
the clerk said she was sorry .
their shopping carts are all rusty and broken .
i miss the old garden ridge .
no wonder the store was empty .
gave me a texas number .
too many other competent companies to model after .
i shop alot , sometimes too much .
not very impressed with my last two trips here .
but you know what words i don't mind hearing ?
" unfortunately we don't have that information . "
" apologies for the mistake .
that 's not our usual practice . "
first time nothing unusual happened .
i'm not asking too much .
shes says , " they're not " .
no sorry or who told you this .
i guess it doesn't have to be .
they know they're going to get customers in regardless .
i'll limit my visits until i find that treasure .
i could not believe how filthy this store was .
the employees could have cared less as well .
am i still expected to keep waiting ?
these people are very difficult to do business with .
will take my money elsewhere .
btw , we didn't have an inexpensive lunch .
if not , then go .
as another reviewer said it was set up weird .
first off , the beer menu .
ultimately , i wasn't very impressed .
this stuff looked and tasted more like doughy noodles .
we can't believe it .
to each his own , i guess .
i will not be coming back at all .
that is the most ridiculous thing i've ever heard .
slowest deli department in town .
the food was not prepared well .
i have had better seafood elsewhere .
red lobster was not the place to be tonight .
the service was horrible .
it seem to be over before it started .
never received a refill on my soda .
food takes forever and it doesn't come out right .
but rather good couldn't complain .
everything else is a joke .
i'm not big on chain restaurants .
i see why this restaurant is rated so poorly .
would not visit again .
worst service i have ever had .
i just don't even know what to say .
it made my whole experience disappointing .
i won't go back to this location .
he was great but everything else was extremely slow .
plus my caesar salad had slimy wilted lettuce .
food was mediocre as well .
won't be coming back .
are they going out of business ?
the sub was not one bit better than subway .
bad business practices are very disappointing .
why isn't this practice illegal ?
he just put it on the bill .
worst customer service ever !
ashley furniture will get my business from now on .
the worst customer service ever !
that 's is bad business !
they have completely horrible , rude customer service reps .
thinking back and forth on it didn't seem right .
did not want to buy another mattress online .
at this point , my patience are very thin .
i mean really , this is ridiculous .
my god the sun will be coming up soon !
the main waiting area is also empty .
i will never have another mri done there .
if you have an emergency do not come here .
go here to die !
sorry won't be back !
no way , no how .
i called back at 10am instead .
some rude nasty woman answers the phone !
the person checking me out was not hospitable .
she didn't say a word to us .
we felt bad , and stuck around .
a very frustrating moment indeed .
the other staff were horrible !
another lost sale opportunity .
they lost out big time with me .
my problem is with the alterations department .
they also rushed me during my final fitting .
very rude and unprofessional , don't go there !
brandy was the worst .
do not get your alterations done at this location !
this whole department is insane .
glad this is all over .
this store is not customer service friendly .
worst service i've had in a long time .
so that was weird .
what a horrible experience !
they were just sitting down doing nothing .
i am definitely disappointed .
the ladies at the reception desk are horrible !
this restaurant is so gross and it's dirty .
but this location puts the name to shame .
poor attention to detail , poor quality .
neither of us were impressed .
service was absolutely dismal for no good reason .
it was loud and crowded .
very dim lighting somewhere between romantic and creepy .
ok , i did , and i stopped eating .
so , i kept quiet against my better judgement .
it was just okay as a whole .
she gave me an attitude .
terrible customer service and it was my birthday .
will never return to the restaurant .
worst italian food ever !
they shouldn't even call it italian food .
the bread was even bad .
don't waste your time and money going here .
i was less than impressed .
the meatballs were greasy and very bland .
it wasn't bad , just nothing great .
its like the place tries too hard .
my server lost me towards the end .
once again we leave this place unhappy and dissatisfied .
this food is just crap .
needless to say i was disappointed again !
never had problem at other locations .
will not return at this location !
mama ricotta will be a better option .
management very rude and customer service is very poor .
i don't like this place , nor the food .
strange odor - musty old smell .
birthday celebration & dessert isn't free ?
service was sub par at best .
the service was awful .
we were very disappointed .
the drinks and salads are also soooo pricey .
the visit i am reviewing was for take-out .
it appears this location has a serious management issue .
it more than less ruined our dining experience .
this was a very disappointing dining experience .
the spaghetti and meatballs were very bland .
the only dish we liked was the chicken dish .
completely ruined our meal .
things quickly got off to a bad start .
however , i will never return to this place .
isn't that what baked ziti is ?
and the veal was dry .
not good customer service .
none of the three ever tried to assist .
false advertising on patio furniture .
never will be coming back here again .
worst customer service ever !
i'm stuck between two and three stars .
after all it is taco bell .
the cheap part is always standard .
after all it is taco bell .
no consideration to the value of our time .
no personality and didn't make us feel welcome .
no personality , still .
my date didn't like her steak either .
things have really slipped since then though .
we like longhorn , but not this location .
the service here is mediocre at best .
my caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland .
worst experience in a long time .
our waitress did not seem very enthusiastic .
it's really gone downhill lately .
he brought it back still cold .
her corn on the cob was undercooked .
we will not be coming back again .
that he didn't know there was a problem ?
i wish i would have taken a picture .
it's not a very good longhorn .
my hubby ordered coffee , cobb salad and filet .
then customer service wouldnt help me .
no thank you or thanks for you patience .
absolutely horrible customer service !
the worst best buy i have ever visited .
back and forth a total waste of time .
but they sure sold it to me .
horrible is the word .
horrible business practice here .
do not shop at best buy .
the lox bagels are not even made open face .
not going back again .
not the best or the worst mall in charlotte .
the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
overall , the experience was horrible .
the service was horrible .
she then went to get our drinks .
very visible and inappropriate .
the only bright spot was the waitress .
that was not to be found here .
please do not use this location .
they do not take responsibility for their mistakes .
do not do business with these people .
shortly after , another lady comes over .
i was very unimpressed with this olive garden location .
anyways , horrible experience .
this made my food experience not good .
the place is just older and needs some renovations .
want a zero star option !
breadsticks and salad came out like expected .
my server was horrific .
i am completely disappointed .
he said , " no , absolutely not .
otherwise , it would have been pretty good .
it smelled badly like wet dog .
when it came out , it was pretty lousy .
this place was disgusting !
the food was gross , greasy and very bad .
i gave it one star because of the waiter .
smells like wet dog .
service was very bad today .
the service however , left much to be desired .
our server was obviously having a bad night .
at that point our drinks were empty .
service is very bad .
waitress was throwing plates on the table .
it's og though , so neither were anything spectacular .
it saved me from cooking and doing dishes though .
food came slow and was cold .
there i was very disappointed .
shrimp on top was nice but no lobster filling .
i'm glad there was more mango than strawberry .
the strawberry was too sweet .
a refill was never offered .
no one was at the door to greet me .
what a terrible manager !
slow service and a mediocre meal .
so far really slow food service .
okay , but won't be going back soon .
really made me sad .
its not like she got nothing out of it !
the fries were bad .
not crispy but chewy and not very salty .
doesn't seem like good customer service .
never again will i deal with these useless morons .
this was a no go for me .
the owner called me to apologize .
i probably won't be back .
it is my pet peeve .
he tried to " screw " me over .
are you freaking kidding me ?
the pizza was cut all messed up as well .
simply put , horrible experience .
send it my way , i'll get you payment .
they confirmed my reservation on the phone .
so , obviously , no free refills .
really sad about this one .
the pricing is ridiculous .
this is not ihop quality food .
i was very uncomfortable .
i would not leave my dogs there .
too bad , jared 's .
printed out my receipt .
couple weeks later , no phone call .
she was having a hard time finding my order .
this is a review of their business practices online .
slow , absolutely the worst .
horrible communication skills and customer service .
this midas location is grossly overpriced !
there 's a reason no one goes here .
don't bother to stop .
you have been warned .
worst arby 's in the planet .
otherwise , it stinks .
but this was nasty .
that 's not too bad , right ?
you'll have a much nicer experience .
some things cold , when they should be hot .
not clean , either .
went for dinner tonight and was disgusted .
tons of garbage and food under these carts .
then all the food was cold and hard .
did not like it .
not the cleanest establishment .
don't think i'll be back .
avoid this place like the plague !
not going for it .
because there regular food is mall grade at best .
they need to be cleaning this dirty restaurant .
it's definitely not the worst i've ever had .
just not worth it .
pleasant staff , but poor quality work .
they damaged my car .
highly recommend you find another car wash .
the only interior cleaning was vacuum .
it's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
i would not recommend this company to anyone ever .
i've taken my car here at least twice .
both times it failed on a defective license bulb .
my guess is they were understaffed .
not our best ihop experience .
without them i'd have gone hungry that night .
cold grits are n't a treat .
the pot roast by comparison had no flavor whatsoever .
the omelet was uninspired .
it had no flavor whatsoever .
then the stack was topped with whipped cream .
terrible service and terrible food !
in summary the service is very questionable .
i couldn't agree more .
guess it was ok ?
that was a little awkward though .
they are not very through .
i lost out because the requested work wasn't done .
typical fast chinese food .
this is not one of them .
boneless ribs weren't typical .
but bags were covered in grease .
rice was over cooked .
there is no lobby .
this rink just didn't blow my mind .
they serve beer and wine !
really need to put some money into this place .
entire place smells like wet dog .
they have an assortment of beer and wine .
i ask again , are they hot ?
she didn't massage anything .
he did the total opposite .
stayed at the hotel and booked two massages .
sadly not worth the money or time .
i was planning to go again but not anymore .
services between spas are typically the same .
i've been a yelp user for years .
i got rid of it myself , though lol .
this is not the courtyard i was expecting .
common areas needed to be vacuumed !
but their repeated attempts to enter woke us up .
then staff tried to get in !
coffee pot in our room was broken .
this place is awful .
this trip has no internet .
this place is disgusting .
my room was not clean .
the air did not function properly .
customer friendly said there is nothing he can do .
nor has the manager ever returned my message .
and once again , pretty nasty .
will not be staying here again .
the place was so slow .
this was not a four star dining experience .
no creativity to the cooking .
the steak was overcooked .
most of our bill was the wine .
could have being very good but it was not .
i find it acceptable , but nothing special .
it wasn't even spicy .
by now , my companions had finished eating .
nothing to write home about .
don't understand the hype .
not a good dinner place .
this showmars used to be awesome .
this showmars is under new management and it sucks !
also , the portions are not as big .
change management and has gone down hill .
i'm sorry but what is the big deal ?
and everything is ala carte !
i was not impressed by anything here .
it appears that the oven was too hot .
nothing tasted bad but it was way too expensive .
i would recommend capital grille over morton 's .
i wish i could leave a no star rating .
worst steakhouse experience i have had to date !
i poured my own wine refills .
chili 's can cook a better steak than them .
this last experience was by far the most disappointing .
so i had to eat my sides cold .
they made it anyway and gave it to me .
there is no excuse .
they did not have many items .
do they not make fresh brew coffee .
starbucks is not the right one for me .
not like you starbucks !
but this was pretty bad .
it just isn't up my alley though .
also the bathrooms where in bad shape .
i really hate this place .
simply a bad experience .
pretty obvious the waitress didn't know the table numbers .
seems he was already looking to replace the manager .
we walked in and it was awkward .
no waitress no one else walking around .
our drinks were refilled often without being asked .
will not be back .
the music was too loud for conversation .
summary : very noisy , terrible service .
wild dogs couldn't drag me back .
my braised short ribs were all bones !
we will not be going back .
apparently , reservations are not valued here .
food isn't good either .
greasy and the batter was peeling off .
i didn't get what i ordered .
i over cooked greasy fries like everyone else .
even adding salt and pepper did not help it .
i will not be coming back .
the mediocre : everything else .
and questioned why it was cold .
bread pudding is always warm no ?
and , all were nothing to write home about .
know your customers , bring back the stew .
hostess was extremely unprofessional and rude !
worst lunch option uptown .
i will not be returning .
server was very slow and wasn't attentive .
bouncer was extremely rude .
the food came quick but no potato soup .
the service itself wasn't to great either .
the wait staff was not that great either !
we walked in and waited to be sat .
no one came or even looked at us .
the bartender looked at us walked away .
very quick but kinda confusing to find the place .
food is decent , but service is no good .
no in this restaurant are polite .
unfortunately , the food was sub-par .
the worst part were the soy beans .
the food by best is subpar and barely mediocre .
disgusting phone etiquette and completely appalling .
used to be so much better .
everything we ordered was very very bland .
very disappointed in my charlotte chinese .
fried dumplings were thick and mushy .
the ramen soup was bland .
egg roll was sour of all things .
hot and sour soup also bland .
not much pineapple in the chicken pineapple dish .
i also ordered the curry chicken noodle bowl .
again , very bland .
not much of a coconut taste either .
not sure if i'll try again .
waste of a cheat meal .
worst chinese food i've had in a while .
this seemed quite bizarre .
why give french fries with most of them burned ?
the chicken wings tasted like fake butter and rubber .
it's my fault , i guess .
the kids menu was quite pathetic and expensive !
the bread was cold and hard .
tried their philly cheese steak .
the only thing i liked was their ranch sauce .
it was kind of uncomfortable .
no management present that we could see .
walking into the hotel , it smelled stale .
room three doesn't smell much better .
again , stale and moldy .
i like the quiche every morning rotating variety everyday .
not a good sign .
this place is not worth the price !
wow , i was wrong .
i found all of this very unacceptable .
it reflects poorly on the entire hotel .
water pressure in the shower was also horrible .
my biggest complaint though is the housekeeping staff .
loud , loud , loud !
the " new " rooms are terrible .
for a downtown attempt at luxury this is bad .
terrible for business travel .
no desk type chair .
just a poor design all around .
rooms are poorly designed .
faux wood floor makes everything echo .
in fact faux wood furniture all around .
when we got back to our hotel .
stomach hurts all night .
oh well , their loss .
i was seated and served a complimentary salad .
menu says " soup " , no particular type .
one star because zero wasn't an option .
they just said thank you and walked away .
was not impressed at all .
did not taste like hibachi at all .
i just had such a bad experience here .
don't even get me started .
but the service is horrible .
if i wasn't vegan , i'd eat the dish .
don't think i'll be coming back .
an expensive hassle for such terrible service .
what a mistake it was .
but they are n't reliable .
breaking off buttons then charging to put back on .
they don't care about your clothes .
pay more elsewhere for better quality .
there was nothing really special about the food .
dont get me wrong , i kinda like applebees .
just dont expect anything amazing .
that might make it a little better .
also they were not that tender .
my wife had the chicken pesto pasta .
while that was decent , it wasn't exciting either .
i have mixed feelings about rock bottom .
i will not be going back .
the food was bad , yo .
like , below applebee 's bad .
i also ordered the southwestern turkey burger .
i wasn't impressed with this place .
we walked out and still nobody noticed .
this used to be my favorite place uptown .
really , are they kidding serving store bought salsa ?
not sure we would return anytime soon .
bad service and mediocre food served cold .
if i could give negative star rating i would .
the wings were fine , but nothing special .
the restaurant was busy , but wasn't packed .
then no , i have not gotten my beer .
the chicken was supposed to be grilled .
fries with burger were luke warm .
but obviously we have no plans to go back .
half the time our drinks were empty .
so what was the point in an app ?
caesar salad should not be too spicy to eat .
there are no free meals in america andrea !
we had the worst experience at this place !
it ruined our first visit in charlotte .
the chicken was flavorless and tough .
the fries were cold and mushy .
will not come back here .
the food was also disappointing .
the chicken breast was so small .
worse was that there was no flavor .
it was just all around bland .
stopped in before the panthers sunday night game .
bartenders were terrible and not attentive .
do the bartenders here not work on tips ?
nobody tried to even convince us to stay .
2nd time service was extremely slow .
nothing that really stands out .
neither of us touched our food .
well , the customer service didn't get much better .
the veggies were overly salty table round .
the broccoli was terrible .
in short , our experience here was awful .
the burgers were just okay .
not particularly flavorful but edible .
the sticks were not actually pretzels .
the chicken tacos were good .
the service was awful .
it was not a gluten free menu at all !
very disappointed with this restaurant .
this place was horrible !
don't get married here .
fish was not fresh .
the manager claims he is very helpful ?
they charge me for things that they don't have .
this is not a really cool hang out .
the place just seemed small and shabby to me .
the crab dip was another disappointment .
first - the water at this establishment is disgusting .
it was very , very bad .
[ the bad . ]
the temperature in the restaurant was hot .
which is just weird in a restaurant setting .
my order was wrong .
i sucked it up and ate the stupid beef .
[ the not so bad . ]
restaurant dot com you've let me down once again .
avoid this place even if free .
the chicken tasted suspect and the rice was mushy .
seafood noodle soup had slices of pork .
the cilantro garnish wasn't even chopped .
the potatoes were like tater tots .
it wasnt horrible , it just wasnt great .
this could be an awesome place to stay .
i was given a sofa bed to sleep on .
his key does not work either .
later they apologize for the error .
they also tend to forget some essential ( i.e .
i absolutely hate this place .
the hotel rooms were dirty and service was terrible .
it was not my pillow .
the beds were uncomfortable .
i will never be back .
do not stay here if you have a choice .
so why the low rating ?
here 's the bad points .
but its definitely not worth the money .
otherwise , i will never stay at this place .
there are much better choices in uptown charlotte !
they just need a better starting product !
i did not find the venue pleasant .
avoid the valet at all costs !
description said grain mustard cole slaw and pickles .
big box , impersonal hotel .
the views are not worth it .
time to check out and never come back .
i pretty much hate this hotel .
this hotel is a complete ripoff !
other than that , customer service is awful .
the restaurant is the worst .
and they got my order wrong .
how the heck do you get that order wrong ?
we were disappointed in this hotel .
lobby bar staff was unfriendly .
this is the worst westin i've ever stayed in .
we check in , we get the wrong room .
i stayed here for a week .
both experiences have been terrible .
doesn't even deserve one star in my book .
avoid at all costs !
it's awful and we won't be going back .
the worst of our experience ?
we tried to nap but simply couldn't .
more screaming and yelling than the night before .
beware veterans , they do not acknowledge war .
do not stay st this hotel .
don't expect too much .
not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day .
and they didn't seem too concerned about my complaint .
and the bathrooms were nasty .
bottom line is poor excuses for terrible work .
sorry for the comment .
i signed up as they knocked at my door .
only because they were my only option .
time warner cable is awful .
would that have been so difficult ?
shame on you , time warner cable .
some of the worst service ever .
ok , no big deal .
avoid this company if you can .
since they apparently hire good people , hire more !
the folks on the phone are incredibly rude .
i do not like this company !
can't wait for more service providers .
are you kidding me time warner ?
this company is the worst to deal with .
therefore they installer never made it to my apartment .
why didn't i go with them first ?
shouldn't be too hard of a task , yeah ?
how can i help you today ? "
" ok , sir .
" hello , sir .
the story doesn't end there .
i am not holding my breath here .
i wish there were zero stars .
horrible , horrible company .
worse customer service ever .
the worst place on earth .
what a joke of a company .
i did not have internet for about a month .
time warner cable is the worst !
stay away from them like the plague if possible .
no way to find out what is going on .
stay away from time warner .
absolute thieves and liars .
do you ever leave a place and feel exhausted ?
not to mention the constant slow internet .
you'll never get out unless you die .
can't wait to cancel service .
just don't do it !
i have never been so disappointed with a company .
i can not recommend this company .
can't wait till google comes to save us .
worst run business in the free world .
wanting faster internet i signed up .
they don't care about anyone .
worst ever at everything they do .
if i could give negative stars i would .
will never go back to that place again .
the person that seated us was curt and unfriendly .
i honestly have no clue !
only good thing about this place was my company .
finally this place was stale like the bread !
plus , cold rude staff .
first , they charge for beer and wine .
too big , almost .
look , stop being cheap .
this place is horrible .
not so much at uptown charlotte .
but for a few seconds , water completely stops .
terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
i can send it to marriott if requested . )
worst experience of my life .
i don't want anyone else to go through this .
this review is for alterations only .
not measured correctly - very angry !
smoked salmon plus creamy sauce , yum .
but probably not for dinner .
the first half dragged .
i thought it was a bit too much .
this really isn't somewhere i want to be .
i just came from there .
it is not safe for kids !
it's not worth it .
i didn't touch anyone .
it was a total disappointment for me .
i was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant .
the fried chicken was straight forward .
it was a tad weird .
the collards were authentic and would get them again .
overall rating - just an ok .
however the experience here was not very good !
i was unable to comfortably eat for approx .
it looked like baked chicken that was dried out .
not crispy looking , not seasoned .
to many restaurants want my patronage .
however , it all went down hill from there .
but i think that the service was absolutely terrible .
i will not eat there again .
the fried chicken was pretty bland .
the collard greens were insanely salty .
instant high blood pressure for sale !
fried chicken , macaroni and cheese and collards .
the chicken was tasteless and the mac was bland .
the service wasn't great either .
the okra and tomatoes were alright .
the service here sucks .
never going to go back again .
even the home fries where spicy .
the economy is not doing well.
the greens and yams were ok .
i can't believe people like this food .
she never refilled our drinks either .
surprisingly , none of it was really that good .
service was cheerful though .
my biggest problem was the service .
servers had awesome personalities and were very hospitable .
this was not good soul food at all .
just didn't care for it .
seems like a tourist spot to me .
the food left a lot to be desired .
the service on the other hand was not .
my kids would not even eat them .
this place is not worth the price .
not one said would you like some water .
the service is terrible !
she invited me back to the restaurant .
the worst customer service by server and manager .
supposedly there was a computer error with our food .
consider actually checking on the food .
she did not even follow through on that promise .
the server never apologized .
nor did he bother to even clear our plates .
finally i had enough and walked out .
( not the waitress ) .
she was sarcastic & unprofessional .
dishonest staff ruined it for me .
service was extremely slow .
it was cold and soggy .
the worst restaurant ever !
the service is the worst !
lazy and slow as ever !
however , we were highly disappointed by the food .
not the best soul good i've ever eaten .
mac n cheese can pass for soul food .
corn bread mediocre , overall it was okay .
big fail on that expectation .
this was by far the worst soul food experience .
tiger wood drinks were very tasty .
overall , the experience was not very pleasing .
however , this was our experience .
not a fan of anything here .
bbq was disgusting and swimming in grease .
not worth the drive , parking , or time .
slow service con this cold and wet monday .
mac & cheese was watery .
this place was a huge disappointment for me .
never once quality checked us .
for southern home cooking , this was an insult .
this isn't the first time this happened .
although nothing was awful , i wouldn't come back .
i really , really wanted to like this place .
today , i was beyond disappointed .
she laid it down and walked off .
i did not leave a tip .
overall i was underwhelmed and disappointed .
i got the fried chicken with greens and beans .
the chicken was crispy and to die for .
the greens were just succulent .
however , we will not be back .
needless to say i did not get to .
they were not that busy at all .
this is unacceptable for any restaurant !
staff wasn't very friendly .
the peaches weren't even sweet .
food was just ok , nothing special .
my boyfriend ordered shrimp and grits .
my collard greens was way too salty .
the service is really bad .
been here twice and each time slow slow service .
the food ( breakfast ) was ok .
the chicken was flavorless tasted like flour .
the worst fried chicken ever .
the beans and rice were not much better .
dessert we split a slice of german chocolate cake .
turkey was not cooked ( raw inside ) .
i was sadly disappointed .
the pork chops were super thin and dry .
when we arrived the hostess was very unpleasant .
i would never go back to this place .
as for the food .
the collard greens were hard , crunchy and gritty .
quite frankly they were disgusting .
salmon cakes were just ok .
but you must pay to park .
food was not worth the wait .
will not go there again !
avoid this place at all costs .
the chicken wings were absolutely horrid .
the shrimp grits was disgusting as well .
the service wasn't horrible , it was just slow .
the macaroni and cheese was old and dry .
i am completely disappointed .
my salad was serviced in a tea cup plate .
the food was substandard at best .
we should 've just went some where else .
he wasn't satisfied at all .
it was just okay nothing special at all !
we both left full but totally unsatisfied .
the menu was very very small .
so we make our decisions .
we get the drinks and never see him again .
i asked for a glass of wine .
i sent it back and walked out .
next time , i'll keep walking to johnny burritos .
- sandwiches are nothing special and over priced !
chopped red onion totally overpowered .
hell 's kitchen wouldn't stand for it .
lucky we didn't have clients with us this evening .
the dish had fine flavor but was nothing special .
the entire experience was certainly below my expectations .
corn bread was like cardboard .
however , the management is very lacking .
we left hungry and disappointed .
service was friendly , but slow .
i don't think i'll give this place another chance .
a super gross out peeve of mine .
pork chop was terrible and food was cold .
atmosphere is not that unique , elevator music .
alot of better options uptown .
the prime rib was overcooked and dry .
so , this looks like a three star review .
only a half step above a chain restaurant .
the hush puppies were spot on .
for dessert i had the apple pie cheesecake .
it was not edible .
and , the food is not up to par .
but the food was not so great .
however , i was extremely disappointed .
the servers were not friendly .
went for queens feast tonight .
which they assured me was not undercooked .
but it was room temp and runny .
won't be back for dinner .
the mac and cheese wasn't anything special either .
just ok food and service is not the greatest .
wouldn't recommend this place for sunday brunch .
buffet only with a limited tapas menu .
which weren't anything to write home about .
horrendous service and mediocre food .
don't even waste your time with this restaurant .
just awful in every sense of the way .
the only redeeming quality is the decor .
gave me my drink - left .
it wasn't even a super busy night either .
pecan crusted trout was tasteless .
a little seasoning ( salt , pepper ? )
i will not be returning .
went here for my birthday and was so disappointed .
that 's the ultimate turn off .
won't be going there again .
so turned off by this club .
first and last to this club .
very pricy , poor service and no contact dance .
worst strip club i've ever been to .
sorry but it's nc law .
i was very disappointed last night .
avoid this place at all costs !
i am torn on this late night pizza joint .
suggestions : clean up your unprofessional and rude staff !
slices are so bland and bad .
they wouldn't give me a water for a dollar .
ate the pizza dry as shit .
ordered at order here sign .
cashier asks me to repeat my order to him .
what a bunch of idiots .
upon arriving the service was ridiculous .
the uptown location is awful .
the terrible service or the endless amount of disrespect ?
the buffalo chicken sub was yummy but cold .
the place is very cozy .
unfortunately the food was far from impressive .
i found a long blond hair in my fish .
the waiter comp my meal out .
our waiter was not very attentive .
it was not impressive .
we will not go back .
and that is not a compliment .
then came the worst main courses ever !
we were so disappointed .
what is worse is the food is bland .
they way we were greeted was unacceptable .
so why would you love it ?
i got no lettuce tomatoes etc as i requested .
we skip by it now .
shame as it was one of our favorites .
room service food was overpriced .
wouldn't the lobby call or knock on my door ?
terrible way to start my vacation !
none of this was provided upon arrival .
the staff was very unhelpful .
there is no valet .
i was unhappy with my room upon arrival .
the desk staff immediately found me another room .
i walked to find dinner .
options were limited - subway and chinese food .
i would not stay here again .
the bartender downstairs was extremely rude .
i will not be returning .
i'm not sure i'd call them a deli .
not by a long shot .
service wasn't too hot .
but it wasn't very good .
possibly the worst in town .
i wanted them to , but they just didn't .
don't waste your time and money .
not the place to be .
this place is terrible , never go here ever .
it took an hour to get my mediocre wings .
music was awful last saturday .
made the beer in plastic taste worse .
i was really excited to checkout brixx .
salad was somewhat wilted greens drenched in dressing .
the pizzas my husband and i ordered were mediocre .
the waitress was so impatient .
from there it only went downhill .
brixx just didn't do it for me .
i might not have liked the wood fried pizza .
brixx is not the case !
my wife 's cheese pizza was like wet cardboard .
he thought they would " stay too long " .
one word , ugh .
dirty floor , cardboard pizza .
unfortunately , that 's where the good stuff ends .
the gym facilities are atrocious .
the location is also horrible .
i got precious few hours sleep that night !
despite their best effort , no cab was there .
i just wasn't impressed !
my girlfriend walked here to get change for laundry .
the service here was very sub-par .
oh , i won't be coming back .
sadly it was not .
the calamari and the mozzarella wrapped cheese .
none of us even finished half the portion .
the service was also only marginal .
i was extremely disappointed with capital grille .
this place is terrible .
for starters i got the mozzarella basil tomato salad .
the service was more awkward than attentive .
apologizing of course , but still uncomfortable .
it turned out mostly mediocre .
do not fall for the hype .
it was all downhill from there .
i should 've known better .
overly intrusive server didn't help .
the balsamic whatever sirloin was awful .
still waiting on more phone calls to be returned .
i also ordered a jerk chicken sandwich .
not that the food was bad , mind you .
it was just meh .
chicken was a bit dry .
not enough gooey cheesy saucy mess .
now that would have been an improvement .
the worst food ever .
hands down , not worth your time or money !
and let us not forget the worst restrooms ever .
don't waste your time or money !
but beyond that , total meh .
the food is not very special at all .
service was nice , the place was fairly empty .
this is what knocked the 3rd star off .
overall not a bad experience .
get your shit together .
guess i got spoiled by the washington post .
i tried paying my bill online .
so why does my bill say different .
i did not have one of those .
did not receive another paper until july 6th .
sounds sorta like stealing , doesn't it ?
called manager twice only to leave voicemail .
customer service is not even located in this country .
these people are unbelievable !
ugh worst serves ever !
called manager twice only to leave voicemail .
customer service is not even located in this country .
it was just not worth the aggravation any longer .
i didn't even answer them back .
the rating is a zero !
worst paper on the planet .
all in all this meal was just sad !
disappointed is an understatement .
i will not be back .
the worst service ever .
avoid this place at all costs .
the food is disgusting .
don't bother with this place .
avoid at all costs .
thanks but no thanks .
i always notice that chicks is super slow .
the food was not good however .
the chicken tasted like mystery meat .
only two stars due to the lack of selection .
the selection here is horrible .
upstairs and outside areas are tight too .
immediately walking in you are struck by a smell .
lots of tables and benches or chairs .
they even had corn hole .
never again well i spend money in this establishment .
and the jersey - boy bartenders have major attitude .
not an authentic irish bar , by any means .
called this morning to check about the watch .
no one call me at all .
avoid at all costs .
well , not so much .
if you're in a hurry , don't come here .
he couldn't remember what i ordered .
if you're in a hurry don't come here .
the service is lousy .
same sandwhich never costs the same price .
good bagels , but it had horrible customer service .
the garden veggie soup is watery , not recommended .
that may be an exaggeration , but probably not .
i don't need this , seriously .
i will not be going back again .
will not go back .
the bisque was lukewarm at best .
the chocolate cake was cold & hard .
either way , i won't be coming back .
the tilapia was a complete opposite !
no salt at all !
my tuna was cold and was not cooked well .
steak was over cooked .
atmosphere was casual but prices were upscale .
and just walked off .
every single bite was perfection !
drop the bad attitude and step it up .
the experience was nothing close to nice or upscale .
kevin had lobster pasta and i had steak .
aside from that , the desserts were good .
just nothing to write home about .
a few simple items turned into a large bill .
not again for me .
these guys are the worst shop in charlotte .
they scratched my car .
greyhound is a nightmare !
avoid the dirty dog if you can !
this station lacked in communication in every way possible !
ugh unreal and frustrated to the tee !
isn't that your job ?
and i was denied priority boarding .
that 's not how you treat people .
lazy workers , all rude and incompetent .
you're job is not at the least bit difficult .
this place is horrible .
it also reeks of a unpleasant scent .
it was a nightmare .
ridiculous i will never patronize again .
would i go here again ?
i do not see myself returning .
for a fri night , the service was slow .
no wonder empty on friday night .
but food and drinks were disappointing .
i will not go back .
this was the worst restaurant experience i've ever had .
at this point we had n't complained .
i will not be back .
very very disappointed by how this place accompanied us .
very disappointing to say the least .
and she never acknowledged us previously either .
not sure about this place .
just not my kind of place .
it never seems that clean .
but not in a good way .
it's just a worn out place .
they don't even really serve breakfast .
do not live here .
i would strongly advise against living here .
i'm in bed before 8pm on most nights .
it was the most absurd thing i've ever heard .
the parking in this place is ridiculous .
do not go here if you want quick service .
also very over priced .
very poor customer service .
there are too many options in uptown .
i will not try them again .
worst customer service , even by post office standards !
disgusting , slow and pathetic .
there luckily was a subway up the street .
i would not recommend this cleaner .
clothes weren't pressed correctly & they're expensive .
it's a convenience store , like walgreens or cvs .
it felt awkward to be there .
the room was not very nice .
wireless connection at this place is horrible .
however , staff was nice and accommodating .
furniture was very dated .
rooms were not quiet to say the least .
i'll stay elsewhere next time i'm in town .
i'm sorry but that is a personal pet peeve .
lots of other hotel choices in the area .
not even an apology note .
room decor is old and bed was not comfortable .
tv was newer , but remote was terrible .
the walls and doors are paper thin .
we will not be staying here again .
i can not believe my experience with this hotel .
we only stayed one night .
the whole experience was awful and uncomfortable .
-the room was just dingy .
the bed was hard as rocks and very uncomfortable .
nothing was done to accommodate the crappy situation unfortunately .
however , my room was foul .
this was my first trip to charlotte .
ripped curtains , blown out light bulbs in bathroom .
it continued for two hours .
this ruined my anniversary !
smallest bathroom ever for a hotel i've stayed in .
it's tired and needs a major overhaul .
this place is soon so gross .
also , don't waste your time with the wifi .
i vote anywhere else .
if you are lucky turn down service will happen .
instead i felt really ripped off .
however , the actual hotel room was very disappointing .
stay away , there are many better options downtown .
i had to wait in the lobby for hours .
this was my 9th time in charlotte for business .
wish i would have read yelp first .
the bathroom is total trash .
go for drinks , eat elsewhere .
terrible service and experience !
i am very disappointed and upset right now .
no call to update me or explain the delay .
get them in , get them out .
screw me over once , shame on you .
the pair never was ordered .
they sent the original glasses off to be filled .
i called over the waiter and explained .
some of the worst customer service i've ever experienced .
this place is downright bizarre .
the salad was just alright , nothing terribly impressive .
will not be going there again .
very confused by this spot .
it is simply a greek restaurant called french quarter .
very busy with short wait times .
difficult to hold conversations .
seating too close together .
not falling for the trick .
terrible selection , rude !
the whole area was pretty rude .
wasn't overly impressed with the food or beer selection .
no real kids menu .
ok no biggie , but then came the food .
let me just get your drink orders . "
i ordered seared ahi tuna salad .
not very friendly and welcoming , just adequate .
they had no baked potatoes .
mashed potatoes was my only choice .
i ate them , but nothing special .
i will never return to red roof in .
room does not look like hotels.com photos .
do not stay here .
probably the worst hotel ever .
something fishy is def going on here .
she asks me what i ordered .
worst experience ever at a wendy 's !
my daughter 's drink order was wrong to start .
then it took forever to get our burgers .
once we received our burgers one was wrong .
avoid this location if you can .
every other experience there was nearly as bad .
the nurse said nothing and just kept going .
it is subpar and out of the freezer .
nothing is homemade and food is dry .
grocery stores are always open .
so i'm reading the back .
and then i just got mad .
do they think we are idiots ?
restaurant had a horrible cleaned my smell as well .
our waiter was awful .
will not be back to that location !
i should have probably ordered from the diet menu .
service was extremely slow .
hit and miss for lunch and summer .
pathetic , no other way to describe this brunch .
sure enough the poached eggs were hard boiled .
sad to say , this was a big mistake .
food : sub-par for your money .
free bread : none .
food : sub-par for your money .
free bread : none .
never use this place .
hard to believe how they stay in business .
the customer service is not what i expected .
sadly that isn't the end .
i was very clear in the preferences i stated .
you don't tell a customer what to like .
oh but that 's not all folks .
anyway , we were dropping off three rings .
seriously , and it gets much worse .
not a way to gain a new customer !
my wife then confirmed her day off from work .
no one answered the phone during business hours .
neither of our messages were returned .
the worst customer service ever !
probably the least professional business i've ever worked with .
first go around - not too bad .
the owner was beyond rude !
made many promises and failed to keep them .
very rude and unprofessional guy !
not willing to work out anything with the customer .
would not recommend this company to anyone .
zero stars for this guy .
its consistent , bad service or lack there of .
the store itself is fairly clean and generic .
there was no voicemail option .
we will never use sam 's club again .
customer service is a joke .
said something to manager and they didn't care .
completely ripped me off .
everything else is nasty .
go back to florida , they like it there .
bland bbq , bland chicken .
this location was kind of busy .
the entree was a dry .
i am sorry , but i won't be back .
i don't know where to start .
when our food finally arrived it was a disappointment .
corn bread just taste bad .
so go thee instead .
never ever going back .
my experiences have not been satisfactory at all .
save yourself the frustration !
i have never received worse customer service .
i really could care less at the moment .
it seemed a little rough .
don't you do this all day ?
couldn't you have told me to move ?
overall , kind of an irritating experience .
the staff didn't seem to " get " dogs .
i do not recommend south charlotte animal hospital .
the nurse was very short with me .
what animal hospital does not stock those items ?
for an annual , the price was outrageous .
i will not be returning .
don't bother making an appointment for this place .
never fear , she sold us a ticket .
this theatre is dying , don't waste your money .
this place is filthy and outdated .
as for their food options , they're not great .
the snack was another problem .
- workers : rude , rude , rude .
are you kidding me ?
don't buy your tickets online !
specific problem is the incredibly poor customer service attitude .
poor , poor customer service .
wow just really bad .
carowinds in my opinion is crap .
poor customer service in all parts of the park .
im done w this place .
first parking is a joke and a crime .
some of the bathrooms were really old and disgusting .
should have wait times listed for rides .
staff isn't polite or even nice for that matter .
park isn't very clean .
bathrooms are filthy and smell awful .
i would not recommend purchasing extras online .
only purchase the basic tickets .
no other entertainment was available while we were there .
much better value for money spent .
saving up that six hundred bucks to go elsewhere .
park was beyond rude and unhelpful about it .
food is expensive and nasty .
however , it's not worth it here .
carowinds has horrible line management .
avoid this place if you have the option .
what is really bad is the food was horrible !
the customer service is atrocious .
i'm very disappointed with the way carowinds is run .
so sad carowinds has become such a disappointment .
plus don't even try complaining to guest services .
we sadly left with extreme disappointment !
will not go back to carowinds !
the line was over three hours long .
i would definitely not take your family .
worst experience of my families life .
same with food , souvenirs and entrance tickets .
then our day took a turn for the worse .
we didn't get to ride that .
don't get excited like i did .
didn't see it till we had already taken drinks .
so , i am really really disappointed carowinds .
worst food ever got sick .
for nothing i needed !
duke energy is the only electric company in town .
their customer service is terrible .
the company is run by morons .
duke energy pulled some really shady crap on us .
worst experience on the phone with customer service ever !
i do not recommend going here .
the woman in charge was downright rude .
nothing more ; nothing less .
not a good mix .
should have only paid per ride .
felt like someone was holding my whole body down .
so i dropped it off for a week .
they didn't even paint the roof .
no body work was done .
customer service leaves much to be desired .
ridiculously overpriced for the finished product and experience .
saturday rolls around , no call .
the next week starts , still no call .
entire car was dusty , inside and out .
truly the worst customer experience ever .
the room smelled awful .
i wish i would have taken photos .
this hotel is old and poorly managed .
why am i being charged for your mistakes ?
not nearly impossible , literally impossible .
my room reeked of mold and mildew .
the next room was worse .
i could not believe it .
the water was very hard .
it got cold at night .
the room itself was not too bad .
went on the visit and nothing was done .
they are lazy ass hell !
don't waste your money or time .
find another place where the doctors care .
it makes me very unhappy .
avoid uptown at all costs .
extremely poor customer service .
are you kidding me ?
pay less has better !
this is just ridiculous .
this location is not well maintained by management .
always extremely slow service and long lines .
crime is a problem !
oops , all the treadmills are occupied .
now it's getting very ghetto .
the men 's locker room is always nasty .
to be fair , we knew it was pricey .
same with my ginger ale .
slow , slow , slow .
or if someone else is picking up the tab .
lobster cream sauce should never be flavorless !
i am in boston , not charlotte .
i would never patronize a place like this .
ok , i'm lying .
the service was atrocious and incredibly slow .
so nobody went home with their own food .
not quite horrible , but not quite good either .
edible is a better word for it .
sounds fancy , eh ?
manager : ( blank stare and walks away ) .
um , probably not .
nothing to write home about .
the duck was really rough & fatty .
i preferred them over the duck .
for dessert , we ordered the cheesecake to split .
the food was decent .
service was absolutely horrible !
it was very bizarre !
sorry we picked it after reading rave reviews online .
but not the place if you're super hungry .
pop and they were down the hatch !
the only good thing was the lemon drop martini .
i am sorry to be writing this review .
but , this evening was an utter disappointment .
sorry , but i will not go back .
probably would not go back .
went for a girls night for restaurant week .
this was not a good steak .
the cookie was terrible !
don't think i will be back .
disappointed in my queens feast choice .
wish i could go back and choose again .
i'm a foodie and disappointed .
maybe a warning sign .
it was also very loud .
the service was ok , but not great .
our waters weren't refilled but once .
beyond that our waitress was rude .
probably the worst mother 's day brunch in charlotte .
the fruit was mediocre .
the salad wasn't good .
the vegetable station wasn't appealing .
there were very few vegetables to order with it .
we sure wish we had gone somewhere else .
eventually i just gave up .
he couldn't drink it .
didn't really care for the food here .
there are better restaurants to frequent .
blue could be great but it's not .
there was only one sushi chef on duty .
owner was extremely polite .
waitress was not the best .
surely there are better places in town .
there was no flavor at all .
it's just not good .
this is the worst sushi place in charlotte .
the website clearly stated the restaurant closed at 10pm .
worst chicken pad thai i've ever had .
was sick to my stomach all afternoon .
the noodles were not good either .
worst experience of my life .
i didn't like it .
the waiter never did refill my water glass .
felt rushed even though other tables were available .
i don't think i've had a positive experience yet .
do not waste your time here .
you're better off taking your money elsewhere .
i gave one star because you can't give none !
don't go for the jerk chicken .
i was sooo very disappointed .
plates that are old and worn .
will not go back .
very dirty and disgusting .
got up and walked out .
i wish zero stars were an option .
there were no other diners in the restaurant .
just a bad experience all around .
but i'm not going to anymore .
they simply can't get the orders right .
tonight was the last straw .
never ordering from this place again .
this is a trash and security problem .
" me never come back here " .
was really disappointed about that .
first of all , the customer service was great !
worst auto bell in town .
it wasn't even decent enough for one star .
literally , the entire store , no bread !
monday you didn't have meat .
problem is , there won't be a next time .
spend your money eating something w personality !
and the service last time i came was horrible !
there is no tomorrow .
i will not go back !
he never responded to my call for repairs .
maybe my standards are too high .
i felt like i was robbed .
but it just fails to deliver too often .
once again , the nurse 's attitude was inexcusable .
i was so glad it was over .
this place just made me feel so uncomfortable .
do not go here , it's an utter disgrace .
no bed side manor .
horrible experience and expensive .
if they had not i would have left .
the pizza , the calamari , the pasta .
my husband and i ate here this evening .
the server brought some cold , salty garlic rolls .
my ravioli was barely cooked .
that , like i said , i give up .
just plain salty and awful .
the crust was bland and the filling seemed sparse .
with grilled veggies and mashed potatoes .
leftovers are in my future .
still , i wasn't blown away by it .
i don't see a return in my future .
it was good but nothing to rave about .
y'all clearly have never eaten outside of charlotte .
when i say frequent , i mean every friday .
i was rather disappointed in most aspects .
the pasta was also overcooked .
totally not worth it .
we used to really like their lasagna and pizza .
even the rolls were almost stale .
one time recently the server was really inattentive .
i had a pizza and it was quite bland .
the food here was just adequate .
but doesn't nutella tastes like peanut butter to you ?
the last few times out experience was just fair .
i ordered the cheese ravioli and added two meatballs .
shrimp is either cooked or it's not .
incredibly bad management and ownership .
i know where i am not welcome .
i guess i don't really have a choice .
i was very disappointed !
it was much better than the spicy pasta .
took money out of my account for late fees .
never notified me , never called nothing .
can't wait to go back !
worse customer service i have received in quite awhile .
sorry i bothered you from sitting on your *** .
suggestions , maybe do a little housekeeping .
too bad i can't give no stars .
will not return ever .
i used to frequent v cleaners & alterations .
dishonest , poor quality and bad attitude .
recently i placed a take out order .
i wasn't impressed at all .
couldn't get to the bar .
no service once there .
the salad was just so-so .
i travel to clt fairly regular on business .
waitstaff was not helpful with the menu .
the food was mediocre at best .
i'd adventure elsewhere to indian if i were you .
sadly , both experiences were less than stellar .
bland doesn't begin to describe the food .
even my little children were totally unimpressed .
food was very bland and watery .
the food was not to my liking at all .
the food was warm and nothing was heating it .
was very disappointed with level of quality and service .
they also seemed arrogant and rude .
this was the worst indian i've had in charlotte .
i now know why this place is always empty .
the spice was horrible .
life is too short .
none of the items were cooked properly .
the standard is appalling .
if you can't do bother signing up for it .
it was poorly made and poor ingredients were used .
let alone very poor value for portion size .
there are not much options for buffet on sunday .
and coming to the taste it is horrible .
disappointed with the quality of the food .
it did not taste authentic .
i was quite disappointed .
the food ain't bad .
- just iceberg lettuce and cucumber !
it didn't taste like anything !
the flavor for the coconut curry was very bland .
terrible service , waiter was extremely rude .
do yourself a favor and do not eat here .
one of the worst restaurant experiences .
they had been our favorite for years .
every item of food was really unimpressive .
even all other orders were very well below average .
the veggies were the only high spot .
the brown rice was mushy .
do not waste your money .
it doesn't get any worse than this !
right off the bat she said " no . "
nonetheless , filing taxes is a necessary evil .
just basic chinese food .
not steamed or toasted and not soft .
" i'm sorry , we close at six . "
" oh no , it's after six ?
no note or sign for explanation .
unfortunate because i would have enjoyed trying it !
run , do not walk away from this place .
unless you don't mind paying a fortune .
don't trust them with anything you want to keep .
after taking one bite i'm less than satisfied .
it's cold and completely unimpressive .
this place is awful don't trust them .
flavorless , undercooked , and late .
papa johns should be ashamed of themselves .
the person couldn't get the information right .
no stars and no more business from us !
the french fries are ok , i guess .
i won't be going back .
very slow " servers " .
not sure if this was fixed or not .
i mean , c'mon , it's veggie lo mein !
overly sweet and not so appetizing .
nothing to rave about , but not terrible either .
i was very disappointed .
i will be getting my chinese food elsewhere .
my cookie had no fortune .
and the beef with broccoli was worse !
on second though i think my cafeteria was better .
seriously , don't go here .
con : they can't get the online orders right .
rice and the veggies i got were no problem .
nothing to write home about and pretty expensive .
i was very disappointed in the food .
they were essentially fried wontons , not crab rangoon .
i will not be ordering from here again .
this place has really fallen off .
everything was not in my order on delivery .
delivery has gone downhill .
i was very disappointed with food here .
canned soda no refills .
it has gone downhill .
mine didn't show up in my delivery order .
neither was spicy at all .
boiled pasta would have had more flavor .
, the beers are cheap and cold .
guess the best advice , just pay at door .
they're out of bacon , yes bacon !
needless to say , i won't be returning .
there is nothing worse than a lukewarm shower .
but my praise begins and ends there .
not even open on saturday mornings ?
the chicken was overly breaded and very soggy .
crab rangoon was terrible .
also ordered beef & mixed vegetable , meh .
the worst pizza hut ever .
do not go to this one .
this type of service is just completely unacceptable .
wrong pizza was delivered .
this location has the worst service .
wasn't memorable , exciting or impressive .
i can not believe this place exists !
avoid at all costs !
we tried it again tonight for our anniversary dinner .
not worth the money .
the ravioli app was cold and tasteless .
we split the chopped salad with gorgonzola .
while everything was decent , nothing really came together .
interesting old house feel to the place .
the hot sauce bottles were empty and dirty .
this is not authentic cajun food !
but this last time was horrible .
every dish we had was completely flavorless .
the fried green tomatoes were blah .
the batter wasn't tasty at all .
the seasoning was weak .
the portions were good .
neither one of my two friends finished their plates .
i will not be going back .
but not a good group night .
i do not understand the hype about this place .
this was our first visit to this restaurant .
the food was spicy not flavorful , just spicy .
needless , to say not a great experience .
i wouldn't return or recommend this place .
they lack favor in their food .
it was not good .
the bad : food is mediocre .
the final insult : the grits .
so incredibly let down by this dining experience .
meanwhile , the food was terrible .
how does one mess up a cookie pie ?
do not waste your money !
it wasn't awful , but it wasn't anything special .
the seasoning certainly did not taste cajun to me .
bottom line : i will not be going back .
the owner could care less about customers .
nothing cajun about it .
they did not use our groupon correctly .
save your money and dine elsewhere .
the food is barely ok .
don't waste your time .
still , not the big easy .
very dissatisfied and disappointed .
will not go back .
the past three times have been very disappointing !
either way i will not go back .
the staff is unfriendly and rude .
so of course , i refused it .
trying cajun yard dog next .
watery gumbo started off our meals .
no one finished their meal .
i will definitely not visit this place ever again .
my husband got the chicken shrimp diane .
i've never had pecan pie like this texture before .
this place is awful !
at that point i was ready to leave .
i was so mad .
i will never never never never never go back .
horrible customer service and horrible food .
i didn't eat it .
fried green tomatoes were good .
bbq shrimp were fine .
i'll never return again .
creole tasted like a can of crushed tomatoes .
it was just embarrassing to new orleans .
i didn't even bother going on .
downstairs tables are too close .
even the rolls sucked ; very dry and tasteless .
then change how you handle your customers .
i'm constantly amazed by how rude the receptionists are .
mac and cheese boring , bland , no flavor .
does anyone know where the old managers went ?
this new chicken box cafe is terrible .
this is no longer the chicken box cafe .
the fried chicken wasn't crispy or seasoned like before .
wow , how rude !
don't go here you will get ripped off !
i've never been treated like this .
don't fall for it there 's too many options !
their work is shoddy and inconsistent at best .
mac & cheese : so , so .
this place is disgusting !
food came correctly and my iced coffee was bomb !
oh well , can't win them all i suppose .
the food is ok but the service is awful .
you just get in your car and drive .
that 's what ruined the racing experience . )
customer service was seriously lacking .
i just didn't feel welcomed .
i'm barely decent on the track but geez .
hopefully i get a better experience next time .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the " move over " sign is utterly ridiculous .
apparently , the adult races run every hour .
well , they couldn't help me with that either .
i really didn't want come back here though .
they should just say its a flat rate charge .
outdated for the volume of traffic handled .
we didn't move for an hour and a half .
i repeat , this is a station review !
that 's a problem for another review .
and it is ugly .
staff are totally rude .
no southern hospitality whatsoever .
she asks my husband to reschedule .
monday , no phone call all day .
none to be had here !
holes burned in comforter .
he slept on the sofa both nights .
for being a hilton i wasn't too impressed !
don't waste your time or money .
only if you're lucky though .
the layout of clt is terrible .
i can't stand this airport .
the us air passenger service agents are complete jerks .
one of my least favorite airports .
security is beyond the worst .
i couldn't help myself .
this is the worst airport layout ever .
tsa security is the worst .
generally a dirty airport ( delta terminal ) .
please do yourself a favor and avoid this airport .
i'm not sure which is the worse nightmare .
this airport has ridiculously long lines .
very outdated , and super crowded .
this airport is just kinda weird .
your free wi-fi is totally useless .
internet is free but outdated .
slow and hard to get on .
it will only get worse .
that 's a deal breaker for me .
- tsa agents are often rude and overly aggressive .
- not enough direct flights in or out .
long term parking lot was way over crowded .
i've only been traveling all of my life .
why do they have no tram ?
except all of them were yelling over each other .
so help me god , i don't care .
i don't feel bad .
not a terrible experience but not an amazing one .
i like lax as my favorite airport .
and the seats are certainly not designed for sleeping .
we officially hate charlotte .
everyone who works in this airport is miserable .
every place i've eaten here is horrible .
this airport is not the best .
it is not near the top of my favorites .
worst us airport ever !
and she doesn't do stairs at all !
clt is begging for a major renovation !
the location , however , is stellar .
um , this airport sucks , okay ?
avoid at all costs .
i flew through here two times last week .
my problem here is that i expect better .
not a fan at all .
worst airport in the area .
never come to clt on monday morning .
security lines are ridiculous .
they don't put toilet paper in the stalls .
they don't clean urine off the toilet seats .
at this point i'm tired of hearing that .
ridiculous planning if you ask me !
the absolute worst baggage handling times .
crowded with narrow walkways .
this is not the airport for international connecting flights .
worst combination of southern efficiency and northern charm .
you lose three stars for these things .
the guacamole tasted stale and had the wrong consistency .
they need to get this fix quickly .
you could probably walk it by then , twice .
no one seems to know what 's going on ?
nope not any better this time around .
worst baggage claim area i've ever experienced .
called several airlines they were unable to find anything .
in the meantime your connecting flight can be boarding .
terrible airport for a layover .
lots of places to spend money !
huge waste of a layover .
the bathrooms are super outdated and small .
but it's also dead .
i am not a fan .
this airport is not family friendly .
this is so frustrating !
seating is far less plentiful than it should be .
get your act together .
there weren't any toilet seat covers .
this is by far the worst airport ever .
flew through here going to paris .
it was a terrible experience .
full of rotten people .
ugly nasty concourse e .
everything else is pretty bad .
tsa here is horrible .
not a fan of this airport .
i'm glad i had to run through between flights .
however , arriving in clt is another story .
man , i hate this airport .
internet is very cheap and should be provided accordingly .
its not that expensive or difficult .
it is no longer .
there 's no restaurant outside security except a starbucks .
oh wait this is charlotte nc , never mind .
worst airport i've ever been through .
never connecting through charlotte again .
oh and the free wifi is horrible !
very crowded , not a problem .
always so busy coming through here .
only redeeming thing was bojangles .
the workers however suck balls .
confusing terminal approach and rental car return area .
worst wifi of any airport !
there are no teams here .
there are no overhead signs warning you of this .
horrible avoid the american terminal at all cost !
a small airport that needs some improvement .
the lines for security here are long .
there are n't many places to eat here .
i'm not a big fan of this airport .
customer service : disappointing .
i just don't have good experiences here .
security here is always a negative experience .
the airport environment feels very rushed and stressful .
this has been a terrible experience .
every restaurant closed at 10pm on a friday night .
only thing open is starbucks .
can't stay in terminal .
american airlines didn't tell people that .
i don't want my money to go towards hate .
i'm sick and disgusted with you !
i don't see this at any other airports .
and weather was not a problem at that point .
okay no big deal .
nah , just sit there and wait .
worst airport for baggage .
extremely slow for american on c terminal .
the worst tsa experience !
next time i will avoid flying through this airport !
the tsa at this airport is the worst !
they really need a customer service training .
get rid of the mens room bathroom attendants !
this is a terrible airport .
long term parking at clt is dreadful .
avoid connecting through charlotte at all costs .
and i've been to quite a few of those .
it's a museum , not a zoo after all .
is that really too much to ask ?
they said there are no tomatoes on that sandwich .
i said no , please , no tomatoes .
way too pricey for the chain .
avoid this place in the airport .
epic fail bk , clean up your act .
too much to expect at a fast food joint .
it's a pig bucket of bk .
and no thanks or nothing .
not going back to this place .
the worst people i have seen in the business .
she is like you said no meat .
and her response was gold .
side order of buffalo chicken strips .
not a good choice for running between flights .
avoid the buffalo chicken , just get the plain .
it's probably a better level of ordinary .
please do not eat there .
this is called no mayo .
couldnt give them zero stars .
that displeased me more than the disappointing food .
the only negative was the lack of trays .
by far the worst restaurant in the airport .
this one is terrible .
i can not even with that .
this place is so ghetto and trashy .
disgrace to the gay community !
don't waste your time music out of date .
the combination kills it for you .
i was not impressed with her at all !
i had the spaghetti with italian sausage .
poor , poor presentation .
obviously the oven was too hot .
i won't be back again .
i've had better , cheaper italian elsewhere in charlotte .
didn't really make anything i couldn't make at home .
unfortunately , i was tremendously disappointed .
saying that this dinner was awful is an understatement .
terrible greasy smelly cheesy food .
the worst pizza i have had .
terrible customer service from manager .
the lasagna and spaghetti is very generic .
the pizza was horrible !
it's neither good or bad , really .
the owners should be ashamed .
i told my server that the pizza wasn't good .
i couldn't tell the difference .
service fast but not friendly .
all i can say is yuk .
the salad is a simple bowl of iceberg lettuce .
this is not italian .
we couldn't finish our meal .
for the entree , i had the eggplant parmigiana .
needless to say , this was a mistake .
you are killing me !
too bad the food is so bad .
for the pizza , ugh .
tasteless is really the only way to describe it .
the decor is tired and old but cozy .
the food was horrible !
there was no lemon or anything fresh .
the bread was cold and tasteless .
i will not be back .
the food is horrible .
no one ate their entire meal .
no one took any left overs home .
i order an ice tea , it was horrible !
you can't mess up iced tea .
a true waste of money .
i kindly sent it back .
it is overpriced and not worth it .
i wouldn't even feed this food to my dog .
taste like noodles , salt , and water .
not made with love .
im so sorry the owner died .
everytime we attempt to come here they are closed .
dirty and bug problems as well .
customers are rude too .
our server just walked out .
like , just walked out .
no one comes from the back .
then , turns around and walks off .
avoid this place at all costs .
no pizza , no call .
cold , and not exactly what i had ordered !
i get there and the place is chaotic .
i couldn't even hear myself think .
don't think i'll be back to that pizza hut .
the only explanation is piss poor management .
they couldn't find the driver .
horrible horrible service on the phone .
food there is ok , nothing special .
not a big fan of this place .
the worst refill i have gotten in my life .
bread , cheese , meat - that 's it .
tables , benches , whatever it is , dirty .
instead and skip this place .
the worst mcdonald 's i have ever experienced .
i'll avoid this mcdonald 's at night .
they're cheap in the fries .
so dirty i decided i could not eat here .
i'll leave the odor to your imagination .
ppl w/ guns kill ppl .
no way would i ever go back .
not much , even in the used section .
a word of warning for customers here .
but wait , it gets worse .
the background check is only required for long guns .
i've never been overly impressed with hyatt .
needless to say , i would not recommend them .
but the room was smelly and dusty .
she booked us here on the way to ohio .
beware , this place is crawling with bed bugs .
do not stay here .
the hotel was dirty and noisy .
the room was gross and the shower was disgusting .
worst hotel i've stayed at in years .
so overall , not good .
definitely not staying there again .
we got into our room , gross and nasty .
i would not recommend staying !
dining area is sparse , basic tables and booths .
got the chicken parm sub as recommended by yelpers .
mine was a little dry but a decent sandwich .
still not sure i would order it again .
very average , pita was a bit dry .
chicken was pretty good though .
fries were fried in old grease .
i really thought they were much better than this .
they brought the wrong one again .
i just want it right & this ordeal over !
i really thought they were much better than this .
i guess this nightmare will never be over .
they brought the wrong one again .
i just want it right & this ordeal over !
i really thought they were much better than this .
i guess this nightmare will never be over .
they brought the wrong one again .
i just want it right & this ordeal over !
i really thought they were much better than this .
there is no reason they can't be cleaned .
seriously folks , the bathrooms here are beyond nasty !
and points off for cutting out indoor smoking .
don't get me wrong folks .
it was a waste of my money .
please do not go to this salon .
this place is a mess .
i immediately cancelled my appointment and called around .
one night , there was vacuuming upstairs at 1am .
i don't see why not but there are better .
the entire place is dirty and tired .
i wish i could give them zero stars .
this place is disgusting .
the room brought more cat urine scent .
two bugs greeted me as i entered my room .
the carpets and sheets were dirty and heavily stained .
we stayed here one night .
it was disgusting and filthy .
the staff was rude and poorly trained .
the stench of smoke is horrendous .
we couldn't wait to leave .
i feel bad for those that fell for this .
it just looks trashy .
not entirely sure what that 's about .
old couch with fake leather peeling off of it !
missed my flight and this was the cheapest option .
poor location and service .
they only good thing is the crowded airport van !
needless to say , that price is ridiculous !
you will not be disappointed like you will here .
needless to say , i'm never going back .
somebody just doesn't give a **** !
obviously that didn't do anything so the problem continued .
why not serve chocolate cake , cookies , mousse ?
the show was bad .
white rice was rice was fine .
not even good for an eight dollar lunch special .
i have never experienced that in any restaurant before .
needless to say this was not my favorite !
first time , last time .
the chicken was chewy and dry .
the french fries were barely warm either .
the biscuit was even small and dense .
not at all like other bojangles i have visited .
this location made bland , flavorless chicken .
they were not even that busy .
the service wasn't good at all .
the manager was rude and not very accommodating .
my order has been consistently wrong here .
the service is rather poor .
this is the worst wendy 's i've been too !
the bun was firm like it was quite old .
the cheese was hardly melted .
probably the slowest drive-thru i've ever experienced .
the sandwich looks like someone sat on it .
i didn't get a damn tomato .
con : they only accept cash .
odd , but probably the most efficient .
the slaw was also minced rather than being shredded .
there was no smoke flavor at all .
did it , won't do it again .
he does not know everything .
nothing special about anything , imo .
bbq sauce wasn't good at all .
the sauce was too vinegary for my taste .
everyone else in my party said the same thing .
haha , i was being totally sarcastic .
oh my word it was horrible !
baked beans were from the can .
this place was not so good .
the bbq chicken was just ok .
complete failure the moment we arrived .
def won't be going back .
not like super cheap but the menu has variety .
the bun was soggy and gooey .
so frustrated with at & t 's horrible service !
something as simple as this still has not happened .
like i'm supposed to be comfortable with that .
prepare for the worst when you move over there .
i guess it was cheap .
not returning anytime soon .
absolutely worst customer service for a hotel ever !
worst hotel experience i've ever had !
poor management and extremely poor customer service !
the hotel staff itself wasn't very welcoming .
the housekeeping wasn't any better .
fitness room only includes cardio .
breakfast wasn't anything to look forward to .
the location and staff gives off bad vibes .
will was our driver .
probably because he knew he wasn't getting a tip .
very poor customer service in the contact lens department .
rude front desk staff .
will not go back .
this place was awful to me .
coming up on an hour wait , ugh !
i'm taking my business elsewhere .
concord nc location : don't go there !
i could not see anything .
no respect for patients time .
the guy doesn't know what he is doing .
that , or she didn't care .
i'm not sure which is worse .
i won't be back .
corporate has n't even tried to make things right .
but recently getting really disgusting .
tables and chairs are always nasty .
this is a five star mcdonalds so to speak .
her fries are cold as are the nuggets .
the sprite is all soda no syrup .
the workers are just plain rude .
quick cheap food with a tolerable customer service .
i can't stand bad customer service .
they are hire incompetent morons .
they are hire incompetent morons .
extremely disappointed with this company .
not pleased at all with their professionalism .
new , clean but horrible service .
however , the food is definitely meh .
fries were a little soggy .
this isn't the first time either .
dry chicken , bland help , yay it's southpark .
it was bland , nothing special at all .
really not much to say .
i will not be going back any time soon .
probably would not go again .
sorry , the food was just horrible .
but with each experience , i am less impressed .
what was left was less than 1/2 pound .
this place is as bland as they get .
the food was mediocre and the atmosphere was too .
i was so sad .
will not be going back .
our waitress was absolutely horrible .
this particular location is pretty hit or miss .
just isn't the same , maybe they sold ?
the loaded baked potato was delicious .
i wouldn't bother to order it again .
and their garlic dressing is disgusting .
i don't know why i continue to come here .
quality has went down as the price went up .
not worth going so much anymore .
that 's highly disgusting .
i was very unimpressed .
soggy chips with a good steak .
looks like we will stick with flying biscuit !
can't go wrong there .
so , i chose the omelette .
barely ate any of either serving .
pretty poor experience here .
nothing special and fairly expensive for what it was .
the waiter was very young and a bit clueless .
avoid at all costs if possible .
she was very helpful and knowledgeable .
please avoid this place .
is it me or does the customer service suck ?
this place seems like the opposite .
the chicken salad is made with turkey .
there was 1/4 lb .
i will not return to this place .
the cheesesteak was soggy .
what i received was just turkey .
the other 1/2 barely had more .
worst lunch experience of my life .
owners must suck every dime out of the business .
no empathy whatsoever about the situation .
staff is completely incompetent .
folks , stay away from this place .
the patient is not seen as an equal partner .
very hurt and upset with this business .
they couldn't find any problem .
no response to my concerns .
the leasing office is racist .
i would never recommend living here .
rude staff , shitty attitudes and unprofessional .
it is christmas and i still don't have it .
no help at all .
it's very dated and in need of remodeling .
there is no security cameras in the parking lot .
yeah this place is horrible .
waste and pet waste all over .
the pool is never clean .
the hot tub doesn't work .
it really just is a crap place to live .
especially for a single lady i would seriously avoid .
our mild salsa never arrived .
i was disappointed after reading all the positive reviews .
the refried beans was like sauce .
the food didn't taste right .
needless to say , i am very disappointed .
service was extremely grumpy .
absolutely no excuse for that !
there are far better mexican restaurants in charlotte .
the food it's self is nothing special or exceptional .
what an awful experience i had with this salon .
that makes no sense .
she is a liar and unorganized .
very rude and unprofessional , let alone unnecessary .
what a waste of time .
unfortunately , it failed in less than one year .
it smelled and tasted awful .
their patient referral service isn't any better .
don't go here - you will regret it .
horrible front desk service !
no letter , nothing !
don't waste your time at this office .
this situation takes the icing of the cake though .
maybe it's just chinese places that stop serving ?
they lost my business for good .
i know i should have called beforehand .
i felt like this one waitress was very rude .
service : confused but trying to be helpful .
customer service is lacking .
really this place just needs to be more hospitable .
we also ordered pan fried pork with kimchi .
we have not been back .
they need better selections in sushi .
also , if you don't tip enough .
not authentic at all .
i was very unimpressed .
neither were anything special .
was not good at all .
the sushi was mediocre at best .
never know sashimi can be this bad .
worst sashimi experience ever .
the table was also sticky and gross !
i was not impressed and will never go back !
none would make eye contact or acknowledge my presence .
looks like very other cvs .
unfortunately i usually come here for the pharmacy .
they are so slow and are not any help .
the wait time to check out is absurd .
oh no , same lady still at the register .
i understand that everyone has bad days .
am i missing something ?
and the gym was okay but nothing special .
don't move here this place is horrible !
there is something always wrong with the apartment .
the worst apartment i've ever lived in !
if you are thinking of renting here don't !
they have " lost my security deposit " !
lease has me listed in wrong apt .
the biggest thing is they lost the money !
run , don't walk from this place !
biggest mistake i ever made !
never have i heard of this being done elsewhere .
of course nothing happened on monday .
no one seems to be communication for efficiency .
all they want is your money !
no , thank you .
d & d is expensive .
i can't believe it .
it pains me to write this review !
bar was empty sans a handful of people .
what a horrible experience .
just opened them up an poured .
neither of what we wanted when i said sweet .
we were not going to buy anything else .
wine prices even higher than paris or london .
the spaghetti and mussels were pretty good though .
i grew up going to the south park location .
hence why i needed the coffee .
there were only three other tables in the restaurant .
no excuse for this .
so this shouldn't be happening .
they didn't even deserve a one star .
no way will they get away with this .
i'm terrified of those things .
horrible place to live !
perhaps the biggest disappointment was the egg drop soup .
gross , what happened ?
this last time there was pure disappointment .
it was way too salty !
my daughter who picked it up had to leave .
too bad , i hope they change cooks .
this is a waste of time and money .
it had no spice or bite at all .
years ago , this place was my favorite restaurant .
the service is incredibly slow .
waiter was loud and too casual .
sea bass was steamed spinach coated in soy sauce .
it takes money to keep the engine running .
what is really bad is the service .
well , that 's not entirely true .
but the wait for the food is absolutely ridiculous .
another bad experience two times in a row .
maybe i am spoiled but in every p.f .
here , however , i have received nothing .
looks like they are having staffing problems .
the service was not so great .
the menu changes are n't necessarily better .
so salty i ate one and threw them out .
worst mother 's day experience ever .
from now on , i'll stick to take-out .
she didn't seem to care at all either .
tried again today with my husband , nope .
very disappointing experience recently .
very poor experience no one accepts responsibility .
when did this place get expensive ?
small portions and pricey lunch .
oh my gosh both of our dishes were horrible .
the only tasty dish was our appetizer lettuce wrap .
even the stupid fortune cookies were stale .
i could not put another bite in my mouth .
it made me sick .
returned with smiles and no hassle .
i don't understand the hype for this place .
will not come back .
eh , went here on christmas for dinner .
wine was outrageously overpriced .
not a big fan .
i was very , very disappointed in this place .
our waitress was also terrible .
don't waste your money .
the choices were pumpkin or chocolate pecan pie .
so , we ordered the veal and chicken parm .
and for a steakhouse that was some lame steak .
desert choices were flourless chocolate cake and cheesecake .
it was so burnt as to be charred .
way overpriced and not worth the trip !
noisy , noisy bar !
it just wasn't that good .
i will not be back !
just can't see it for the money .
not impressed with the food .
in fact , it is barely even memorable .
ok food , not too exceptional .
not to return , i am afraid .
the dumplings were just okay .
waited a long time to try this place .
however , the food was borderline bad .
the chicken itself was mediocre at best .
the replacement order was poorly made and rushed .
i was highly disappointed .
this is the worst experience ever .
it is jessica fault !
give me a break !
this is the last time i visit this establishment .
i do not get it .
why does this place get voted best breakfast ?
tried again today and were again sorely disappointed .
it's like no one cared any more .
the manager couldn't have cared less .
not so much here .
i'm not going to finish it .
you can't eat pancakes with your hand .
speaking of coffee , their coffee is brutal .
then i realized they serve royal cup coffee .
apparently , the management at oph hates their customers .
she ended up sitting on my lap to eat .
i wasn't too impressed with my visit here .
pancakes and bacon horrible .
the chicken sandwich i ordered was awful .
the layout is terrible !
once again , horrible customer service !
what a complete waste of time .
terrible customer service at the cafe over the weekend .
also they had problems with their soda machine .
he never spoke to a single black customer .
the atmosphere is less friendly .
a little more pricey but it caught my eye .
except maybe on small business saturday .
i have spent thousands of dollars at this store .
i won't be going back .
can i rate less than a star ?
so we got up and walked out .
not fair to the customer at all .
later i am still dealing with their screw ups .
wow , were has customer service gone ?
walked in and no one never said hello .
good thing i wasn't a secret shopper .
overly expensive attorney who will not deliver any results !
do not make the same mistake that i did !
however , they will not get my money .
i don't have that coupon .
customer service was terrible .
highly recommend not buying a suit here .
these people do not know what they're doing .
not helpful at all !
the service was sooo slow .
typical south side snob crap .
california rolls lacked flavor and were quite bland .
gave the restaurant a second shot - equally disappointed .
while tasty , the portions are small .
food was bland & ill prepared .
once our dinner came , everything went downhill .
didn't feel respected as a customer .
they had n't been cleaned properly .
this place is a total disappointment .
the food was very disappointing .
the goat cheese was nowhere to be found .
the french toast tapas was mediocre .
( i don't eat shrimp . )
the desserts were absolutely pathetic .
what a terrible customer service !
unbelievably poor customer service .
next stop , the better business bureau .
this is completely unacceptable .
they refuse to do anything about it .
unfortunately the order was sent to flower hut .
the company was very unprofessional and rude .
it was a disaster , a horrible experience .
the lady that did my nails was so rude .
the service was awful .
much better pizza even if they don't deliver .
this particular location has really let me down !
the breadsticks box had grease leaked all over .
poor experience at pick up .
highly disappointed all around .
i am in search of a new salon definitely !
if i could give negative stars , i would .
worst pedicure and gel manicure ever !
it just wasnt enough food for the price .
the rest of the experience was kind of bizarre .
here 's where things got a little weird .
this place was garbage for hookah .
he is clearly as mad as i am .
food isn't very good - service is worse .
crab rangoon is soggy .
egg rolls are greasy and flavorless .
we can't wait till our lease is up !
don't waste your time or money .
the apartments are n't terrible just not great .
however , i never like my food !
it is always greasy and flavorless .
a little incompetence i can deal with .
has it come to reviewing fast food joints ?
anywho , it went a little something like this .
that 's not good when you're ordering food .
personal hygiene wasn't on the menu that night !
i asked for my money back and left .
i'm still never setting foot in there ever again .
the fries were soggy and cold .
i'd rather get a lap dance from the bartenders .
this place really isn't worth the time or money .
well , it's been better than it is now .
the last two pair didn't come out right .
however , they have let themselves go downhill .
it was too late .
still no email quote .
i would stay away from these shady dealers .
that didn't work so we took it back .
they are dishonest and their customer service is terrible .
oh , gee , they didn't realize that !
can't mess that up right ?
the mechanic says basic .
everything that should 've been done is handled miss .
i will not be returning to this location .
the rest was mediocre .
the rice was plain , edible with soy sauce .
but overall i won't be getting food here again .
the sesame chicken sucks .
their chicken wings are so tasteless .
they probably just fry it plain .
don't waste your time here .
like i mean seriously drive past this place .
the service was not very good .
recently had my son 's 9th birthday party here .
just don't expect much for a child 's party .
avoid at all costs !
lots of things were bad here .
this wasn't during peak hours .
the hamburger steak was ok .
the squash was flavorless .
my bf said his shrimp was ok at best .
it turns out this was a terrible idea .
it was a very weird situation for us .
first off , it was gross .
very disappointed after reading the other reviews .
service was lacking and food came out wrong .
no offer to comp food and no apology .
would not recommend this restaurant to anyone !
our service was slow .
lack of professionalism with the management staff .
we will not visit this location again .
i will not be back .
this location is no exception to that rule .
the environment didn't seem the cleanest .
the food was very basic and a little greasy .
i would not go back for any reason .
this review is no different .
so i ended up taking whatever she could find .
otherwise , i'm switching to national or avis .
if you hated your job that much just quit .
third problem : they gave us no inspection paperwork .
consider this your fair warning .
one of the worst rental experiences of my life .
next time it avis or anyone else beside hertz .
i've never been treated so poorly .
this is clearly a rip off .
but they've lost my business for good .
don't get scammed like i did .
avoid hertz and go with a reputable company instead .
what a lousy experience .
the car was nice , the service was terrible .
can i give zero stars ?
worst hertz location experience i have ever had .
he said no to free upgrade .
car was ok otherwise .
i am a gold member at hertz .
they didn't seem to care .
the worst hertz location i've dealt with !
so no inspection upon return , guys ?
they really need to change their system here .
car seats were dirty and old .
never again will i rent from them .
don't waste your money .
what a disaster -- so bad it hurts .
takes terribly long although i am gold member .
name is not listed on the board .
rent from somebody else if you have the choice .
bad service , bad cars , not recommended .
the line was barely moving !
three reps gave me codes that did not work .
the worst management team ever .
their vehicles are dirty and smelly .
never again will i rent from this hertz .
i will never rent form this hertz again .
no darling it was not your rental car .
it was kind of confusing .
very , very slow service .
find another rental car service at charlotte airport .
lousy scratched up car .
this service really sucks .
reservations are not honored even if prepaid .
the worst service and slowest employees i've ever seen .
i would give it zero stars if i could .
the whole experience was terrible .
that was not ideal .
the worst place to rent a car from !
quite possibly the slowest moving place on earth .
avoid this one if you can .
do not rent here .
don't bother asking for management .
no , no , and no !
maybe it's just hertz .
awful experience , do not rent here !
and i mean all day .
i even cut up my gold membership card already .
he did not care one bit .
the inventory was limited .
car was not in the spot .
will not use them again .
grab any car in the lane and drive away .
no soup for you !
unfortunately i can not give less than one .
avoid this terrible hertz .
never again will i use hertz .
they tried to get me to upgrade twice .
i'm getting pissed now .
they are always rude and i always have issues .
no body ever called me .
stay away from hertz .
the worse ever don't use this place .
got through the rentals with no problem .
another less than impressive showing by hertz .
slow an confused counter staff .
i don't hold it against the attendant .
wish hertz was more understanding .
the whole thing was frustrating to say the least .
they were extremely rude and unprofessional .
they were not apologetic or anything .
i'm sure no one at this location cares either !
my whole experience here was unbelievable .
this whole this is just so ridiculous .
don't come to hertz .
this hertz location is a complete toss up .
showed up in nc for a business meeting .
do not book a rental car through national .
the worst i have ever experienced .
if you don't like your job , quit .
never again , national .
no effort at all to help me out .
i am also disabled and have a service animal .
the car didn't have any problem .
worse check-in system yet encountered in my travels .
will not go here again .
no one else would help me .
" i completely understand your frustration .
stay away from this group of companies .
i'll be trying hertz next time.
i'm sorry but that 's just not acceptable .
both the smell and sight were quite disgusting .
very bad customer service , extremely slow .
don't waste your money or time here .
the absolute worst customer service .
the food was bad !
way too salty , cheese tasted like crap .
the service was pitiful !
the chips were all broken and stale .
nothing special about it .
the guacamole was tasteless and frozen , previously made .
nothing was authentic and nothing was fresh .
i was disappointed the second time .
not sure if i would go back .
this place is a joke at best .
totally reminded me of a mexican soup nazi attitude !
the food was horrible not authentic mexican restaurant .
tried this place tonight after reading the reviews .
salsa was just okay .
staff was not friendly .
this is not one of them .
-the bathroom could use some soap and paper towels .
very annoyed with this place .
would have been almost enjoyable if there was service .
got my order wrong .
not as good as i used to come before .
i will not eat here again .
that would mostly considered as cheap customers .
but overall , don't bother with this hole-in-the-wall .
stick with cold subs .
what we had was just okay -- but barely .
i could go on forever .
gross , gross , gross !
then there was no elevators .
secondly , this place stinks and everything looks nasty !
the bathtub was extremely dirty .
no apology , no action thus far .
all cities are not the same .
the tv is outdated and old .
the number of channels is limited .
i recently stayed here through priceline .
i was pretty disappointed .
i felt terrible for this woman .
a/c unit was very loud .
this hotel is stuck in the middle of nowhere .
also , our damn room key would never work !
this place doesn't deserve the business .
cleanliness is not a priority here .
hotwire is the reason for all my problems .
we stayed a week for a conference .
the bathrooms are a little small .
toilet paper is cheap .
no microwave in room .
second night here the free wifi was not working .
none of our drinks were refilled .
in my opinion , do your shopping elsewhere .
this is the first and only showmars i've visited .
i couldn't finish it .
both were completely flavorless .
we will not be back to this location .
first , they got my order totally wrong .
worst of all the food sucked .
it was not good at all .
will not return here .
my hubby got sick off this food .
i do not recommend .
do not recommend at all .
i will never go back to total bond .
that has never happened in our household .
i will never go back to total bond .
bad service , rude desk clerks , terrible management !
it was all very dated .
breakfast was free , but nothing special .
the worst hotel experience ever !
i was not impressed !
the only plus to the restaurant was the servers .
slowest drive thru in charlotte .
i've been here numerous times with the same results .
slow slow slow and slow !
avoid at all costs .
this may be the worst mcdonalds in charlotte .
worst pizza hut experience ever .
i hate to be negative .
but not good at all .
the worse i have had in a long time .
the chicken was extremely crispy .
the rice was flavorless .
i didn't finish my food .
i threw the entire box away .
and you don't even deserve that !
the bbq was cold and dry .
it just wasn't that good .
they may ask you where the food came from ?
we drove a long drive to try this bbq .
the food came out cold and not fresh .
the server is clueless .
the ribs themselves are not good .
what saved them was the bbq sauce .
sauce again the thin eastern style .
and i didn't have as many side choices ?
it smells like an elderly persons home .
no bacon in the green beans ?
probably the worst bbq food i've ever had .
i don't know how else to put it .
but if you can avoid it , you should .
you're giving nc bbq a bad rep .
their policy is " no teams " .
so i can't tell you how the food is .
just don't walk in as a large group .
the place was empty .
don't waste your time .
poor service , screwed up orders .
i'd suggest finding bbq elsewhere .
guy wouldn't stop talking to us .
we will not be back .
everyone else is below average .
i really hate that !
the sandwich wasn't good want be going back .
i also smell a rat .
please don't burn the burgers .
the restrooms were disgusting , the food was great .
the food has gone downhill as well .
horrible showers , but nice folks .
stopped here on the way to fort jackson .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
not recommended and officially denied going forward .
i feel dirty just being here .
c. incompetent " maintenance " personnel .
e. no apology or compensation .
i am totally appalled that this would happen .
avoid bad service and disappointment .
don't waste your time .
overpriced low quality hibachi .
i however made the mistake of staying .
take your money elsewhere .
have not been to this location in awhile .
i was very disappointed .
did not look like the menu pic .
can't believe that they serve us that .
not a fan of this location .
i'm never coming back to a denny 's .
if i could give zero stars then i would .
awful service , poor attitude , poor food quality .
glad i won't be coming to this location anymore .
i ordered an avocado chicken caesar salad .
i assumed i was covered for my next refill .
the service is terrible .
instead , i got nothing .
easily the worst cup of coffee i've ever had .
poor attitude by employee .
no greeting , no offer of assistance .
i will not purchase with this company .
i do not like this company .
ordered my pizza tonight via website .
when order came , plain cheese pizza .
this is the worst pizza store in charlotte .
don't waste your money .
ruined our panthers football game !
never ordering from pizza hut again .
didn't expect much from pizza hut .
avoid like the plague !
unbelievable that they're still in business .
i should have stayed home and made pizza myself .
often answers the orders totally lacks something .
the highlight of the meal actually was dessert .
on the whole , a major disappointment .
spinach side was a little bitter .
needless to say , we did not stay .
if i could give zero stars i would .
staff was nice , pedicure was horrible .
it seriously looked like a little kid did it .
stopped by tonight with a friend .
i returned my beer and ordered a draft .
my husband did not care for his meal either .
how can you mess up a hot dog ?
we probably won't be coming back to this location .
the food was mediocre , except the salmon .
high prices , watered down drinks , impersonal management .
it was way better !
it's like a bad applebee 's .
then again - the place is creepy .
this location isn't consistent .
i can't stand it .
i'm not a fan .
the associates are slow and rude .
i just felt like i was being questioned .
i have no one to blame but myself .
the service here is almost always terrible .
this location was completely overcrowded and dirty .
the employees were not kind or helpful .
we will not be back .
the service pretty much sucked .
it tasted old and not very sweet .
pretty unacceptable considering that it was dead in there .
they probably won't get my business again !
no apology , just want some different chicken ?
got my money back and left .
wasn't even nice enough to bring them to me .
slowest drive thru in the whole world .
but typical for the entire bojangles chain .
drive thru too damn slow !
this place is terrible !
there was already a car waiting .
this one is poorly run .
her response , i'm waiting on biscuits .
it was terrible , terrible service .
and it's pretty gross inside .
the service was friendly and the beer is cold .
the chicken & rice soup was pretty bland .
absolutely the worst bar i've been to .
trashy , nasty and extremely rude staff .
will not be returning .
no class at this place .
things sure went downhill after that !
and that is just annoying .
the bathrooms are still disgusting .
the drinks are so weak it's appalling .
don't try to pretend you're something else .
the gave me fried tenders and fries oops !
i said no fries and naked tenders means grilled .
so no i won't be going back .
i quickly changed my order to buffalo wings .
overall , not worth it .
same dcor which we like but a new menu .
menu description is poor though .
a little uncomfortable but no problem .
i don't care how good your food is .
oh wan fu , you were a big disappointment .
it was very rude .
they had no idea how long it would take .
the food was bland .
hate the atmosphere , so dark during the day .
the food is terrible .
its downright awful and has been for awhile .
it was an awful experience .
i wasted my gas and my time .
staff is rude & snotty with " comments " .
very poor service and i was completely unimpressed .
" kelly " is rude .
needless to say i will not be going back .
total waste of money !
this place is empty .
apparently they don't like business .
no way will i be back any time soon .
the line was endless and crowded .
i wasn't all that impressed with it .
the second bite was stringy steak .
overall it wasn't a bad sandwich at all .
oven wasn't working so no pizzas available .
over priced for average , below average food .
i am sure i will not be returning .
the biggest rip-off ever .
the doctor said it was nothing .
i agreed and scheduled the surgery for wednesday .
unfortunately that is where the good news stops !
a rip off of you ask me .
we also have a horrible neighbor problem .
didnt really seem like the cared either .
no one came to check the unit for mold .
they can't seem to tell me anything .
i just want to be done with these apartments .
i shrugged it off and called maintenance .
they didn't even fix it .
i'm sorry , what ?
don't sign a lease with these jerks .
ultimately you will get screwed over .
literally the worst apartment complex .
i ate there over the christmas holidays .
- the chicken was so salty it was inedible .
the food was awful and the presentation was worse .
it's really gone downhill .
they definately won't be getting my business again !
average japanese steakhouse experience .
i won't be back .
well it's not the place it use to be .
that stuff is nasty .
i had the fillet , scallops and shrimp .
that is not cool .
the place was shabby and the floor was filthy .
he couldn't save the day , though .
i have not eaten in the dinner area yet .
i just know better sushi places .
probably will only go back for take out .
so not worth it .
staff were not as attentive as other restaurants .
we will never go back here sadly .
it was very unprofessional .
the entire staff was hispanic , not japanese .
the naan bread was like a rubber sheet .
they never bothered to refill the bread basket .
the chicken curry was passable .
chicken tikka masala was below average .
the only thing they bothered to refill was water .
the overall experience seemed somewhat disappointing .
but starting 2-3 years ago the food went downhill .
serving is bad and avoid this restaurant .
- lamb kabobs - undercooked and falling apart .
a big f for this .
in my opinion , a waste of money .
service was average to bad .
food quality left a lot to be improved .
meat was not cooked properly and was very chewy .
i was a bit disappointed in the selection .
food has never made me feel that way .
no spices or raisin and naan .
worst indian food i have ever eat in us .
saw a huge roach on the wall .
wish i could give it less .
ridiculous is how to best describe the buffets .
don't say i didn't tell you so .
anyway i'm sure they will be closed soon .
i just came from lunch with coworkers here .
probably all the same sauce anyway .
shrimp and broccoli both tasted like freezer .
and now i'm craving fortune cookie .
i'm so sad right now .
well everything was kinda disappointing .
no bueno , not for me .
next time ill pass .
cold , hard and greasy .
i know they just walked in ahead of me .
the waitress did offer to get the fried rice .
the egg rolls were overcooked and almost burnt .
so they great wall is not so great .
maybe just have some soup for lunch .
sad to say i won't take friends here again .
never have experienced anything like this before !
i won't be back .
so we ate our apps and still no one .
had to wait forever for our check .
the crab rangoons were simply not crab rangoons .
there was no cream cheese flavor whatsoever .
no idea why this place was full .
this place is bad !
the only thing i enjoyed was the wonton soup !
such a waste of money and time.
worst chinese food ever !
the food however was not .
okay the favorite shrimp was disgusting .
the hot and sour soup is exactly that .
i won't get another certificate for this restaurant .
mainly because the service was horrible .
which wasn't deserved at all .
and that 's not what we got .
no wonder they are on groupon !
nothing stood out about them whatsoever .
the onion pancake was incredibly dry .
poor service and okay food .
nothing special to write about .
went back yesterday after passing over for several years .
used to be one of my favorite places .
the sesame chicken was terrible .
and honestly there is nothing special here .
the food is seriously lacking .
my hot and sour soup was terrible in flavor .
it was all so blah .
so i only ordered lunch .
first no spoon or soy sauce .
then the egg roll was soggy .
they did not even cook it fresh .
it was so bad .
the egg drop soup had no flavor either .
thanks but no thanks !
i have not been back .
went to thai house on a thursday around 8pm .
the same or better is available elsewhere .
it should be thicker than what i ate .
beef pieces were small .
overall the portion to price ratio is poor .
duck curry was okay .
fried shrimps were below average .
i would not recommend to visit second time .
i don't pay such a high price for ambiance .
i'm not a fan really .
essentially for me , it's like fast food quality .
it was a big disappointment !
the service here is horrible !
big disappointment on that dish .
i ate it just because i was hungry .
the decor in the restaurant was nice though .
not likely to try again though .
secondly , it was not that great .
it was mediocre curry at best .
i didn't save the leftovers .
my chicken pad thai tasted too sweet .
the noodles were overcooked and mushy .
i'm sad because this was my favorite thai restaurant .
the pad thai itself was really disappointing .
below average and i will not return .
like many successful restaurants this one too - tanks .
when all else fails this place was so reliable .
not anymore i guess .
it tasted exactly like watered down ketchup .
went tonight and ordered pad thai .
in its place was a watered down ketchup sauce .
not impressed , left hungry .
she was slow , rude , and incompetent .
i will not be back to this clinic again .
this is by far the worst .
i'm actually sorry i ever even ate there .
i will not be back !
because that was the rude person taking my order .
then i was confused .
just like other yucky american chinese restaurant now !
got shrimp with mixed vegetables .
will not be going back .
hot and sour soup was bland .
crispy noodles were stale .
certainly will not return to quick wok .
i was very disappointed in the food here .
the food is actually fairly mediocre .
i am going to give up on lowes .
it was an overall bad experience here .
the service was slow and the food was tasteless .
i would probably not return here .
if i wanted to i could buy this place .
today however i think was not a great experience .
looked nothing like the picture .
won't be doing lunch here again .
it was over cooked and tasteless .
this time wasn't so great .
the pickles came out fast and were very hot .
slowest server i have ever had .
i am so disappointed .
poor service , especially during slow times .
avoid this place if you value your health !
the fries were horrible .
i'm not even sure where to start .
well scratch the quick now .
as usual it was mediocre at best .
you no longer deserve my business .
this was an awful experience .
bad food , horrible service .
very busy place for rather mediocre food .
the salad dressing was okay , but missing something .
the meat itself did not taste good .
i only ate about three bites .
it was very watery and bland : ( .
i can not imagine complaints about portion size !
moderately busy , but seated right away .
you can tell they use cheap steak and lobster .
then the chef comes out to rush us .
large portions of noodles and vegetables .
that is just wrong .
it's not very good .
did i mention the hostesses were rude ?
too expensive for what you get .
a lot of veggies very little steak or chicken .
the server and chef were very efficient and personable .
it didn't have a lot of flavor .
( repeat , repeat .
so i left -- for good .
i refused to eat while my companion 's ate .
across the board , the dishes were flavorless .
couldn't be further from the truth .
i was really disappointed in this place .
it didn't even taste like pad thai .
i will not be coming back here .
again the curry fried rice is not authentic neither .
vegetarian lunch was bland .
it didn't get any better with salt .
the decor was outdated and looked drab .
i was greatly disappointed when it arrived .
i wouldn't recommend this restaurant .
other than that , i would not recommend .
a takeout place in a supermarket ?
i've never lucked out here .
it's so crammed and so messy .
service was not in any rush .
so rude and painfully slow .
as politely as i could .
they have me a baked potato .
worst customer experience of my life .
i denied the managers offer to send it back .
sad too i used to love outback .
it's a real shame .
the shrimp was just gross .
i order sirloin and grilled prawns .
the guy waiter was not much nicer .
this outback is horrible .
this is the absolute worst outback .
it has cheese fries added to it .
i could 've said yellow for all she cared .
however , they were very shady at the end .
first off , a heads up .
however , i wasn't overly impressed with the service .
the service was slow .
i would not recommend uptown retreat .
i don't like being lied to .
the real problem was the hair cut .
it was a disaster .
my largest complaint is the cut it is awful !
i made a huge mistake .
not something i'd regularly do .
the caribou associates know how to treat customers .
she offered no apology or solution .
wow , this thing is horrible .
they're tasty and pretty cheap .
still not worth it !
this version of dick 's doesn't get me excited .
i made zero errors .
there was nothing left they could check .
i don't get it .
i wish i had done the same .
but : concessions are a complete rip-off .
i have n't been back here in years .
the food is mediocre at best .
the rice was bland and slightly overcooked .
not the best mexican restaurant .
avoid if you can .
the food is bland and boring .
the food is quite bland .
i ordered the veggie burrito with no cheese .
there was no seasoning , or none noticeable .
chips are obviously from bags .
salsa were runny and definitely not spicy .
the rice was bland .
overall , it was just disappointing !
i used to like it alot .
terrible food , service always rushed .
the food is greasy and tasteless .
tasted bland and watered down to me .
i couldn't even eat them .
the items inside the taco weren't that great either .
there was lettuce and guac on the side .
the beans were beans , nothing special .
possibly the worst mexican food i've ever had .
tacos were cold , soggy and tasted microwaved .
my main course wasn't much better .
my family visited the restaurant recently .
customer service was horrible .
the fajita chimichanga tasted like chinese food .
wasted time and time , no compensation .
no bill no nothing .
it's sad that i have to leave one star !
so dissapointed ( as are neighbors of ours ) .
i won't give it just one star though .
there are some positives .
will not go back .
do not waste your money !
it was just terrible .
above all , it was incredibly dirty in there !
we will not be back .
maintenance takes weeks to fix things .
prices are n't great for what you're getting .
would not recommend to a friend .
rip off apartment complex .
do not rent here .
horrible place to live .
worst place to live !
they also run out of sweet tea a lot .
i really tried to like this place .
worst italian food i have ever eaten .
i could barely eat one .
it was dry and tasteless .
it was sooooo soggy on the bottom .
the food 's presentation was awful .
i wish i could give it zero stars .
pity as i like to support the local businesses .
marinara sauce over spaghetti was far too sweet .
italian sausage was bland at best .
wine selection was average and overpriced .
they can't make an authentic antipasto .
they can't cook pasta .
the place just sucked .
obviously frozen product , blah .
big disappointment was received .
don't waste your time coming here .
he never gave me the full total .
he gave me a more reasonable price .
they charge alot to have such bad customer service .
never go back there again .
i didn't like there attitude an customer service .
it doesn't matter how hard i slam this place .
how can i describe my experience here ?
their chips and salsa is bad .
even the cocktail sauce was bad .
do i deserve this ?
for the price , the food was awful .
the managers don't care the server don't care .
there were dirty plates and cups everywhere .
i really didn't care for the breakfast steak biscuits .
the meat patty was coated and then deep fried .
it was like oil on oil .
the biscuit itself was ok .
but i would not go there for breakfast .
quite frankly , i was a bit sad .
1st it reeks of cigarettes .
i'm glad i didn't fill the prescription .
same practice same reason double the amount .
i don't get it .
i want to know what fool made this decision .
i wouldn't be surprised to see it close .
but this restaurant was not clean .
the floors had trash all over them .
i won't come back to this location .
service is poor especially for pick up orders .
but it's not old , either .
terribly , terribly thin .
do not stay here .
are you kidding me ?
avoid this place at all costs .
i don't know why i come here .
the worst walgreens in the history of walgreens .
this walgreens is dreadful to go to .
i switched drug stores immediately after this experience .
they move super slow and weren't helpful at all .
the old location would usually be moderately busy .
but not like it is now .
they are usually friendly though .
i just dont know what it is .
no , he wouldn't have .
ok , i just ate a science project .
check-in at the hilton university place was a breeze .
unfortunately , that is about where the good ended .
the restaurant was completely empty .
i sent back the flatbread .
she was more than gracious and apologetic .
this level of noise makes sleep difficult .
as for the food , it was just okay .
never insult someone 's children .
i walked into the store looking for yellow flowers .
very short and not paying attention to me .
obviously this is insane .
not much else to say .
they also keep soap in a locked display .
this makes no sense .
won't even let you float on your back .
there are better and worse y 's for sure .
its close , so this is where i go .
will not stay here again !
surly staff that was never at the desk .
run away from this property as quickly as possible !
made a reservation in june for july .
this property has gotten very tired .
the place was not even that busy .
but the service was bad .
bad service gets the same .
sorry , but this site may disappoint .
this place is horrible and has crappy service .
yep , that loud .
this time , it went bad .
the chicken was soggy , and tasteless .
the service was slow .
then i ate there and was reminded .
i am calling the gm !
the worst i have had on the road .
very disappointing birthday dinner for my son .
this place sucks so hard .
i didn't put it in .
it tasted and smelled like fish .
it looked like it was under cooked .
i ordered the chicken sandwich which tasted much better .
it was not good .
he was unapologetic , rude and a condescending .
zero stars for me .
this after they brought her the absolute wrong order .
not even a glass of water .
the service here sucks .
the place was out of control .
not a sign of management .
i will not be back ever !
if you're white , don't bother .
service is extremely slow .
poor quality service and professionalism across the board .
they need a complete overhaul of management and employees .
worst service i have ever experienced .
server was simply lousy .
my husband & i , went here for lunch .
we was disappointed of the food and service .
bad service & terrible food , don't recommend .
the food is really bad .
also my girlfriend got very sick after eating here .
she never once refilled our waters .
it was a crowded mess .
the food itself was eh .
place wasn't busy at all .
not very customer service oriented .
no biggie because it happens from time to time .
she was totally inept .
she couldn't even get our drink order right .
she never even gave us silverware or napkins .
she went to go get them and never returned .
needless to say , we walked out .
this place has permanently lost my patronage .
first off the management here sucks ass !
the server did all that she could but damn !
worst service i have ever had .
it's soup and a wedge salad .
no bacon and barely any toppings .
we still stayed because i insisted on applebee 's .
don't waste your time .
some overpriced crackers , nuts , or pretzels .
they were very rude about it .
some of the worst customer service we've ever encountered .
verizon is going to lose customers for this .
do not go to this location .
terrible " hostess " experience .
they really act like you're an inconvenience .
terrible service , lead by tim .
can't you pay someone to update that crap ?
my name was the next one not marked off .
i won't be back .
big mistake coming here .
nancy was very unprofessional and rude .
it was a really bad experience .
terrible wait times at night .
staff appears confused regularly .
i gave this location multiple chances .
one pancake i couldnt actually bite into .
i would not come back .
this place is the worst !
the orange juice didn't taste like real juice .
the food was old and somewhat cold .
we ordered burgers and it was awful .
have n't gone back since .
the manager jackie was extremely rude !
worst customer service ever !
there weren't many choices at the bar .
i'm allergic to smoke .
never going back to a sleep inn again .
it was dry and not much more than warm .
no , i don't think so .
and it wasn't even tender !
am i asking for too much ?
food was not good .
service was not good .
don't waste a meal here .
don't waste your time !
the local coworkers weren't fans of it either .
i didnt taste any alcohol .
lastly , their bathroom reeks of urine .
it's a drinking place .
this was a bad experience from the start .
the service was horrible .
all of our baked potatoes were hard and cold .
it was a mess .
needless to say i got no rest .
the sheets also had holes in them .
least professional staff i have ever seen .
apparently maintenance took lunch and never came back .
it wasn't the best but it wasn't the worst .
otherwise , don't be fooled .
the furniture is worn and dirty .
the room smelled like an ash tray .
i can not trust them .
i do not recommend .
they were rude and the room wasn't clean .
this place is a nightmare .
the price is appealing but not worth it .
i asked for a refund and left immediately .
the bed was very uncomfortable !
the entire place was just filthy !
the milk pitcher was never once refilled .
i will never return to this dump ever again !
it had fallen on the floor .
i wouldn't go back , that 's for sure .
very outdated on the inside .
shower was covered in soap scum .
spend a few dollars more and stay away .
so , lets get back to the menu .
the tempura , i had no taste for it .
that 's not it !
however , the salmon was not good .
it fell apart and had bones in it .
the service was bad as well !
it was absolutely too much .
there is not much of a raw roll selection .
sorry i won't recommend .
the food doesn't have any flavor .
the sushi guy has major attitude .
the sushi is not worth your time .
it had carrots in it .
then they brought out my fried rice .
it wasn't the display chef 's fault !
i would not recommend this hibachi .
maybe i came on a bad night ?
nasty , hate this place .
busy is not an excuse for under cooked food .
way to keep business drew .
my last visit they ran out of shopping carts .
i am not kidding - this is no joke .
when i walked up everyone was busy with customers .
it was actually painfully slow .
another associate handled the actual exchange transaction .
more business than they wish to handle .
it certainly was not me .
the return policy is horrible !
stay away from sales person kevin .
ordered online , waited a month for delivery date .
they call me and extend the window .
no one called , no apologies .
just the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
staff is extremely rude and unprofessional .
worst delivery experience ever .
i called customer service and they were zero help .
do not do business with this company .
i have experienced poor customer service and shady salespeople .
do not buy this couch !
also products are crappy also .
so my money is on the lotus buffet .
vegetables limp and overlooked .
it wasn't even warm .
greasy unappetizing fried food .
decent food if you're not a chinese food enthusiast .
not a great selection of food .
are you kidding me ?
it pains me to write this review .
he was just trying to rip me off again .
the dental hygienist was very rude .
i will not be going back to this doctor .
wow , what a bad experience .
i do not recommend this dentist .
she's a rip off !
ugly dcor , bad food , poor service .
the service is terrible !
i didn't get one smile from either bartender .
i will not go again .
and the food was bad .
other customers also were returning meals .
not warm , not luke warm , cold !
the cheese was ok , the tomatoes were flavorless .
it was covered with chopped green herbs .
my wife got mama 's trio .
she didn't really care for any of it .
the worst macaroni grill i've ever been to !
do not waste your time !
this was a disappointment .
their close proximity doesn't win out over quality .
do they have a corporate taste kitchen ?
a poached egg on top ?
not the way to do it .
besides , the egg pasta was too thick .
do not waste your money .
i wouldn't get it again .
worst dining experience ever .
first one , no dressing .
overall , i would never dine here again .
everything else ( except the friends ) was disappointing .
not a great presentation of the dining area .
tough , clearly overcooked , and just downright horrible .
will not be visiting again .
the brick chicken didn't taste fresh .
thought the staff was incredibly rude .
even the salads were watery and bland .
so i picked this place to change his mind .
and it tasted so microwaved .
pasta was ok but too greasy .
please avoid this restaurant !
it is not worth the time or money .
will never step foot at this place again .
our drink order was also forgotten .
don't bother with this place .
first , our waitress went missing a few times .
the manager brought out our food but never apologized .
she was very apologetic .
our other sandwiches were just as disappointing .
just another chain food restaurant .
i long for a real deli in charlotte !
food was meh , nothing special .
so i made sure the door was locked .
we only stayed one night and went back home .
do not trust this days in .
you don't get to see the room .
all i got was a smoking room .
went back and changed and got another smokers room .
do not trust this days in .
they stole my money .
don't waste your time or money .
so don't take my word .
don't trust this pace .
same price and so much better .
room wasn't completely clean either .
found food and trash in the refrigerator .
the breakfast was weak .
it was a pretty bad experience .
expansive menu from italian to greek , even mexican !
you better off staying in a roach motel .
i would not stay here again .
do not waste your money here .
they are also not very flexible .
they're also very expensive .
small dogs may be different .
i have no need to do that .
way too long , for something so simple .
very unpleasant experience with this animal hospital .
i will not be going back !
needless to say , i am very disappointed .
they don't seem to care too much .
i am so stressed out and very worried .
the rest of us gave up and left .
i give this place zero stars .
i am extremely disappointed .
very disappointed in this place .
the food was cold both times .
way too much money for the wrong stuff !
ordered delivery food took two hours and was cold .
wing sauce was spilled all over bag .
they deserve zero stars .
big mistake because he didn't check the food .
the tenders had no seasoning on them .
there was nothing to dip my celery in .
i'm so glad we split it .
wouldn't recommend it at all .
the food was just mediocre .
the bartender was the worst experience of the night .
extremely inattentive , uninterested and not warm .
i'm not an idiot , i can see that .
i was immediately disgusted .
i assume she was the general manager .
oh and drinks for lunch are very expensive !
i can not recommend this facility .
do not go to this car wash .
this location was no different .
buy their upgrades and it is a waste .
i'm not that impressed .
i won't be back .
will not go back .
inspection slow and unprofessional .
left my car dirty and smelling of cigarettes .
it was cold and old food .
ghetto staff means lack of caring !
never had a problem at this one until today .
not something you just feel like free styling .
i couldn't eat it after the first piece .
on average probably twice a month .
but hey , that 's just me .
anyway , that 's not even why i'm upset .
his reply was that he didn't see it .
it's the execution that lacks .
i really have no idea what it is .
the dining room always looks closed .
i won't be going back .
at this point i was angry .
pulled off to the same freaking messed up order !
chicken was way over cooked .
i really wish i could rate the complex individually .
they are incompetent with their jobs .
stop apologizing and fix the problem !
shape was uneven and no attention to details whatsoever .
*** this place is horrible !
my first try was with the meatballs and pasta .
the sandwich itself was mediocre .
not my ideal chicken parm !
no problem , they included tax .
umm , why the double tax ?
this place is gross .
very old and very run down .
staff friendly and all but the place looks dirty .
these people rip you off !
she looked at my shirts .
just got a shirt destroyed there .
no offer of apology or credit .
hardly worthy of mention here a decade later .
food was not good on three occasions .
my children ordered chicken nuggets , they were burnt .
no stars would be correct .
she said she would get it changed .
it's sad that the food is so bad .
bottom line is , don't do it .
just doesn't cut it .
advertised as italian , olive garden should be offended .
did not stick around to argue .
don't waste your money .
i didn't eat it .
the service was terrible .
the food is barely passable .
service was slow and the restaurant was not crowded .
ordered the lasagna and got mush instead .
won't be visiting there again .
our waitress was very friendly but slow .
food is over priced and not very good .
it was overcooked and turned gray .
as a result they came out overcooked .
they were not seasoned well .
a good steak never requires steak sauce .
and the breakfast isn't very good at all .
i'm just not impressed with their breakfast .
they were burnt and cooked down to nothing .
honestly it looked like one scrambled egg to me .
however , here is how they contacted me .
it's not worth it .
poor results and questionable billing .
requested a meeting and no one showed up .
they will not communicate with a simple phone call .
the produce wasn't always kept up well either .
never ever will i order from here again .
this place is overrated .
no big deal for my me or my wallet .
but it left a bad taste in my mouth .
i've walked in to make purchases .
i'm usually met with " next register .
no one seems to care .
this is really frustrating .
overpriced and my muffin was stale .
will not go again .
really , not good .
i was so disappointed .
strange looking , and bad tasting .
not good at all .
so that was a strange start .
i wouldn't stay there again for what it cost .
please do not see this vet .
this place is terrible .
so she is choosing one paying customer over another .
the pizza now is just ok .
unfortunately , i was let down .
but it's not great .
the service is awful .
that 's not how i ordered it .
the parking lot is a bit weird to access .
i didn't check the bathrooms .
i will never be back .
employees are unbelievably rude most of the time .
however , the doors are closed and locked shut .
no frills , but not expensive either .
not at all impressed .
really only space for our 5th wheel .
my wife 's veggie sandwich was very plain .
the food sucks and we will not return .
it so deserves less than minus !
first , the area is sketchy at best .
i didn't see many family during our stay !
they checked me into someone else 's room .
avoid this place at all costs .
still no contact from the general manager !
the room was clean and the air was cold .
i would def look elsewhere before i booked here .
not good kinda left feeling sick .
nothing about the visit stands out to me .
i probably would not go back .
luckily for me , i live in rock hill .
secondly , there were ants everywhere !
plus , no free wifi !
eggplant parm was salty .
veal parm was tough and so thin .
the breading was thicker than the veal .
i would not recommend at all .
i will not return , terrible customer service .
she understood but it was the owners call .
and the pizza wasn't good .
went for the lunch buffet and was very disappointed .
i have had better and i have had worse .
the guacamole is always bland .
the salsa , although bland , was surprisingly spicy .
becky noticed it too .
not much in the way of flavor though .
i will never go back into this establishment again .
rude customer service in beer section .
it was an expensive craft beer .
the vendor didn't stock your shelves , fool !
just want people to understand truth in advertising .
would not suggest this place to anyone .
for a destination dinner , i think not .
it's just not enough to keep us coming anymore .
this place has went downhill bad .
the food is pretty mediocre .
it is only for people sitting at the bar .
not good for food .
the food was terrible .
the wait staff was helpful and service was quick .
appetizer , hot wings , were mediocre at best .
not hot and sorta greasy .
was not impressed then .
i ordered a salad with salmon which was disgusting .
won't be coming back .
food just isn't great , never has been .
do not waste $ $ on food !
tonight was the worst in service and food .
the slaw came and was awful .
this place needs renovation and cleaned up desperately .
i am sad to see it go down hill .
tonight was a miserable time here .
without fail its always the same .
poor to standard food .
today was the worst , though .
i felt bad for the hostess .
gone downhill from the last time i was here .
turned out to be a big disappointment .
french fries were under cooked .
we never lacked for anything .
had two very disappointing dinners here .
our waitress was nice but not very professional .
chicken was dry and the portions were tiny !
the wrong people are running it .
certainly will not be back !
it could be so much better .
really makes me wonder how dirty the kitchen is .
went for sunday brunch and was very disappointed .
eggs were cold and the fresh fruit wasn't fresh .
worst thing was the loud dance music .
horrible experience and not worth the money .
the service was incredibly slow .
only had the nachos , which weren't anything special .
but i won't be back .
this place is a waste of time .
that was pretty lame .
my husband was so confused with his sandwich .
it's dirty , overpriced and the service is poor .
but the food is horrible .
every appetizer and main dish is horrible .
beer selection is better in my house .
cocktails were good but menu is very overpriced .
service was just ok .
tasted nothing like a carolina burger should .
the chili was tasteless .
the bun was tasteless .
bad all the way around .
pitiful excuse for a restaurant .
no leadership in this place .
the food looks like my patients vomit .
food is hit or miss -- usually , miss .
food was not very good either .
never checked on , offered additional drinks or dessert .
no apologies for uncooked food !
unfortunately it's not one of my favorites .
no smile , no hi , nothing .
just not my kind of place .
it was hot - very uncomfortable - inside .
it was loud - very loud - as usual .
the owners do nothing to attempt fixing it up .
the food isn't very good at all .
we really didn't care where we sat .
it is not a family restaurant .
we won't be going back .
chicken wings where not hot .
a while later , the waitress refilled our drinks .
it just didn't add up .
the queso dip was cold & thick .
the food was very mediocre .
i will never spend another dime here .
this was the worst mexican food i've ever had !
too salty to finish .
it's not bad , but it's not spectacular .
last time i ate there was the last time .
mushy , times before food was much better .
her steak was over cooked and dry .
i made the mistake of sending mine back .
needless to say , i will not return .
inconsistent service but food is good .
i couldn't chew the steak .
i didn't want to talk to the manager .
his ribs were refrigerator cold .
i've already taken the meal off . "
only came back once to fill our drinks .
will not be back .
what an obnoxious , customer unfriendly person .
i wouldn't even give this place one star .
we use to like this facility very much .
couple running it were very friendly .
biggest peeve is grass not kept .
the worst service and pizza .
they delivered pizza with the wrong toppings .
horrible management and pizza .
the fries were horrible .
i won't be using the credit towards future business .
they looked like little fat cigarettes !
i had deep fried batter for lunch !
the restaurant was probably half full of people .
someone else brought us water tho .
nothing much to it at all .
the taste was mediocre .
my co-worker said the omelette was ok .
service was slow and good was ehh .
would not go hear again .
and they taste like cooking oil .
cheese curds , i've had better .
seriously the worst pizza hut i've ever ordered from .
the produce quality was not very good .
produce could use a makeover .
can we please have a new grocery store already ?
the prices , however , are my biggest beef .
there should be a negative rating on here .
it's not theirs to make sure it work .
that is how much i hate them .
avoid this company like the plague .
needs more books and homeless people .
waitress amber was courteous and attentive .
if true i am disappointed , al .
long story short very disappointed with service and food .
i won't be back .
the food was barely warm .
maybe someone gave our order to another customer .
he requested his money back .
people walked in after us and were seated .
i will not be back .
the place is full of regulars drinking cheap beer .
but still way way too crowded .
then someone came over and said hi .
so she then tried to help things along .
she was rude and careless .
too bad because the beer was nice and cold .
there weren't many patrons in the dining room .
needless to say , i will not be returning .
ate there last night with a group of friends .
it was cold and tasted very old .
now , not worth the salt .
we had a horrible experience here last summer .
wait staff is not trained .
no one was there .
tried this because it's local .
terrible , bland chinese food .
not much else to say .
no , i just got home .
no offer of a refund .
the meal was very disappointing to say the least .
took four kids tonight and we were all underwhelmed .
the chicken egg drop soup was oddly sweet .
even the dipping sauce just tasted like soy sauce .
the calamari was not tough .
fool me once , shame on you .
fool me twice , shame on me .
the service was also slow .
i won't be going back .
the entree my dining companion ordered was also sub-par .
the staff was very kind but a little annoying .
how do you mess up beef fried rice ?
there was hardly any meat to be had .
all in all an extreme disappointment .
the same problems plague the entirely unremarkable crab rangoon .
not spicy enough , and far too sour .
for hours - over two to be exact .
that is not true at all !
i do not recommend this place .
however , lately they have fallen out of bed .
i'm a little confused .
our entrees weren't much better .
the restaurant had several empty tables .
the food was absolutely mediocre .
unfortunately the quality of the food is quite low .
i don't recommend this restaurant to anyone .
the restaurant had several empty tables .
the food was absolutely mediocre .
i literally just walked out of the establishment .
she said ummm not really !
she needs more training in customer service .
i won't be heading back .
beans were ok , rice , not so much .
i probably won't be back .
not enough servers at their new location .
if you go when it's busy , beware .
super weird consistency and zero salt .
our second basket was better , but still lacking .
he said no problem .
bottom line , drinks : yay !
his level of customer service was appalling .
i complained but got nowhere .
you probably are n't either .
no , it's too convenient .
the lava cakes were barely cooked and therefore inedible .
the pizza was not bad .
which i guess explains the attitudes of the staff .
this michael 's location is a disaster .
there really is no big draw .
on top of all this the location is horrible .
horrible , horrible , horrible service .
i did not leave a tip .
on of the worst chinese buffets i've seen .
and there was no other customers but us .
what a waste of money !
even worse is the bs sign on the register .
hire another cook and install another stove .
but very slow service , and overpriced .
only takes cash or check !
i won't be wasting my money again .
i'm confused why anyone would choose to go here .
i ordered the thai curry noodles .
almost thought i was in los angeles again .
this is not very good asian food .
i am sure there are asians in madison .
it's nothing really special .
yeah , next time i'll get my own lunch .
it fell short in ambiance and flavor for me .
epic fail on this entree .
not very friendly to start .
not very consistent with service or procedures .
i will not be back .
panda is doing better then this .
no sweet , no sour .
not so freshly made !
so we left never going back first and last !
on top of that , there was no broccoli .
i won't return there .
the service is less than stellar .
the texture is far too gooey for my liking .
i don't recommend going there .
it is a waste of time and money .
one was apple pie and the other was cheesecake .
it looks terrible doesn't it ?
sorry , boar - the truth can hurt .
so yeah , no . "
excuse me for wanting to try your establishment .
my latest visit was not the best .
so much for being a loyal customer .
unfortunately we choose cousins .
it's absolutely pathetic and borderline useless .
we took one sip and realized it was bad .
they have decent drink specials .
sadly its one of the better bars in middleton .
little disappointed with my beer too .
maybe they only serve locals .
there weren't remotely interested in us or our business .
i couldn't finish it and left hungry .
i'm hoping it was just a mistake .
yelpers , you let me down !
boy , it was a huge disappointment .
i didn't even eat the salad .
i only ate the shrimp .
the service was soooooo slow that night .
there was no bam !
what a mess of a hotel .
the hotel was totally booked .
i couldn't check out of that hotel fast enough .
lesson learned for next time .
it's hard to believe this is a marriott property .
it greatly lacks attention to detail .
i was lucky my computer was not fried .
bedding was stained on pillow and comforter .
platinum member service my butt .
the food is also terrible and overpriced .
this marriott kind of feels like an airport hotel .
this hotel just does not feel fresh enough .
worst marriott experience in twenty years of traveling .
the hotel manager is a joke and very rude .
first night not so great .
cold showers two morning 's in a row .
they don't give a darn .
i couldn't get out fast enough .
i just gave up .
the coin operated laundry was another in consistent experience .
the dispenser in the laundry room was broken .
this hotel was a mistake from beginning to end .
even complaining to management doesn't do any good .
this one is a big fail .
chocolate chip , peanut butter , sugar ?
it wasn't as good as i had hoped .
sadly , my croissant was none of these things .
i wasn't pleased with it .
this is very misleading .
hotel was clean and service was meh .
their staff is dishonest and unprofessional .
do not stay here .
the staff is very rude .
you could have fooled me .
nothing to write home about .
so , better pizza ?
are you kidding me ?
the store manager 's attitude was horrible .
sandwiches come with chips , not fries .
in short , we will never return .
seriously that is what we were told .
sorry to hear your mom was a lousy cook .
yes the food is pretty bad .
why people go here i can't understand .
i gave it three visits before passing judgement .
won't be going back .
but the bacon was under cooked and pretty soggy .
the pancakes were pretty tasty , though .
service was super slow .
the moment i walked in i regretted it immediately .
the smell is terrible , like stale cigarette smoke .
very unhappy with my haircut .
walked in and got an app .
there was no one else in the store .
you won't be getting my business ever again .
i don't know prices .
was fairly busy but not packed .
was told it wouldn't be long .
promptly left , won't be back .
menu was full of bland comfort food .
entire place smelled like vomit and was dirty .
average service , below average food and terrible atmosphere .
i wanted to like it , i really did .
over all , it just wasn't enjoyable .
menu was extremely limited .
the desert had no prices .
trust me , this place is a bust .
i wish i could review that lady on here .
especially when the one cashier is sooooooo slow .
i don't know why i even tried going back .
the selection looked appetizing , but tasted horrible .
the waitress was poor .
really tasteless and not good .
some pieces were way over cooked .
the food was awful .
too bad the food wasn't .
i would be embarrassed to serve this !
the kitchen doesn't seem to care about customer service .
kitchen does not care .
the kitchen does not know the meaning of hospitality .
tried to purchase some dj equipment from this company .
doesn't make sense especially in this economy .
delicate product was not shipped with appropriate packaging .
i won't be ordering again .
no honey offered with them though .
i don't know why anyone would go here twice .
the food isn't fresh .
nobody greets you when you walk in .
you are a mess !
and you're consistently a mess .
this place needs an iron fist .
the food is so-so at best .
this meal was a disappointment .
the waitress even apologized for her lack of attention .
gave us free drinks , and coupons .
all we ordered was hamburgers and chicken sandwiches .
cons : too pricey & ala carte .
the bread i wish were warm .
we were very disappointed .
the noodles were just falling apart .
so we'll probably not ever go back .
we were not too impressed .
i wish we wouldn't have wasted our time .
we won't waste our time going back .
maybe i'm just bitter .
the food is nothing worth writing home about .
fried chips and onion rings were not good either .
this place is awful .
dirty greasy chicken fingers and very small portions .
stopped in for breakfast on sunday .
how hard is it to screw up breakfast ?
six of us went here for friday night fish .
it could stand a few updates .
it is a terrible place to see live music .
menu is typical bar food .
seems like our waitress had n't told her .
i won't be back .
shame on you jiffy lube !
did someone over rate this place ?
well they missed the boat .
it as over cooked and anything but an omelette .
not just a lot , but dripping and soggy .
c 's is just a greasy spoon .
the door locks are a joke .
it could be worse i guess .
i wouldn't even give this one star now .
the bruce company is very , very expensive .
yes , i was a little stressed .
she wouldn't give me an answer .
poor service , high prices , crappy selection .
not to my surprise , no one showed .
alas , customer service is poor .
after today , i will never be back .
lots of options but not that great .
many of us realized she was completely clueless .
shirt sizes in the gift shop were limited .
too bad i'm on vacation now .
holy crap , it's crap looking .
i would never rent here again .
very disappointed in this operation .
now ever time i get in i smell cigarettes .
or maybe just feel like it .
my expectations were not that high .
the wait in the drive-thru is painfully slow !
they just don't seem to care .
avoid at all costs !
not even worth one star !
waste of my time and money !
everything at this bk takes ten minutes .
this place is a hole .
why does the food taste weird ?
this place is slow beyond belief .
worst bk i've ever been to !
still very slow service at drive through .
no wonder there are never cars outside !
the cheese burgers are quite gross .
the chicken nuggets and sandwiches are also passable .
same deal : lots of ringing , no answering .
for a taco bell , this one is horrible .
this is the most amazingly slow drive through ever !
never , ever go here .
their food is terrible if you ever get it .
plus , they never get it right .
worst taco bell ever !
horrible place & service .
and the service is always painfully slow .
you don't even bake the pizza !
my first time at this location and was disappointing .
place was dirty and the worst pizza ever .
boy , was i disappointed !
so that was ridiculous right off the bat .
sadly , this was not the case .
extremely low quality chicken on the orange chicken .
food was just low quality .
so , i stand and wait .
do yourself a favor , avoid this place .
pretty bland for chinese take out .
this place is sort of gross .
next , the shopping experience wasn't much better .
the inside of the building smells really bad .
not much interest in those , huh ?
it's just not worth it .
the building has been recently remodeled because it burned .
it was 2pm on sat and dead .
no excuse for dirty .
it's just a numbers thing at this point .
two of those came wrong again .
too little too late .
unbelievable and with my little girl there .
sorry , but it was .
poor quality food , very typical american fare .
this location does not have good service .
any other kfc would be better .
well , my first time was typical mediocre kfc .
the tv reception is absolutely horrible .
i'll buy my product there from now on .
the previous review i wrote was pretty bad .
the selection was slim to non .
no big deal , right ?
this is not unusual for wally world these days .
no one said a word .
i'm not even sure they noticed .
so probably expecting too much .
i'm embarrassed to be writing this review .
just be very cautious when dealing with this dr .
dont hire these people .
bottom line : this pharmacy has bad customer service .
it's completely hit or miss with customer service .
let me break it down for ya .
hide the powdered doughnuts . "
i felt sorry for the bride and groom .
the place was not clean for starters .
the food was the worst part .
food is below average and pricey .
the maple syrup wasn't up to the mark .
sausage and scrambled egg were okay .
the staff weren't friendly enough .
they didn't even take care of us properly .
but they didn't pull off the brunch properly .
it was a waste of money .
i left the place unsatisfied and disappointed .
next time we will not going back .
clean , noisy room .
your just going to waste your money !
no , it isn't .
grey is grey and pink is pink .
it is difficult to even find one .
i have really tried to avoid going again .
then i did it , i made an appointment .
evening , busy time .
ok , maybe they are a little late .
apparently another appointment was waiting .
i do not know , i do not know .
all in all , i'd pass on this store .
we are shopping on amazon tonight .
not going to spend money here again .
it was not appealing to me .
easily the worst chinese food that i've eaten .
our general tso 's chicken was terrible .
very bland and overcooked .
the crab rangoon weren't much better .
the interior of this joint is also disgusting .
customer service was also really bad .
only rice and onions .
especially if they request them !
ordered the mongolian beef combo and fried dumplings .
won't eat here again .
the food was nasty .
the language barrier was rough as well .
to make matters worse the food was barely lukewarm .
beef curry was okay .
call them on their crap !
the staff sucks beyond rude .
shouldn't be in business .
don't know how to make drinks .
tonight i ordered the chimichangas .
not sure what all the hype is about .
they never check my online order !
not worth the time !
fried rice included soy sauce and carrots only !
the chicken dishes had fat on the meat .
i ordered takeout from here tonight .
i probably won't be going back here .
which are really just average sized shrimp .
i suppose the worst part was delivery time .
the confirmation email doesn't come with a estimated delivery .
the driver apologized and it was still hot .
the food was so dry .
have to say i won't be ordering here again .
i won't order from here again , ever .
i will not go back to this place again .
bad business , bad service .
this place is truly awful .
that was not the case .
nothing more , nothing else .
no amount of ketchup could make me eat it .
this is the worst fast food franchise in town .
the drive through is slow .
the food is inconsistent .
worst bk i've ever been to .
it doesn't matter the time of day .
ordered chicken tenders they were out .
i ordered sausage croissant meal w coffee to go .
the employees seem slow , stupid , and lazy .
like they have no idea what they are doing .
running out of fries ?
they should close it down at this point .
cash only and they're out of fries .
not a big deal , but didn't have cash .
i wait three more minutes before driving away .
i just don't care much today . "
no eye contact , no smile .
this is typical of the service .
i won't return to this location .
she was a counter waiting to get cut .
staff was friendly and service was fairly prompt .
and normally i never get sick to my stomach .
sorry to say , this place is a disaster .
don't waste you time here !
cheeseburger was not all that .
it was acceptable , but the taste was off .
the service wasn't good either .
i will not be back .
i doubt it was a chef .
but i have had lame burgers there too .
the big problem with cheeseburger was the service .
greasy food , lazy service , flat soda .
i got the guacamole bacon burger .
don't waste your money or time .
how hard is it to wipe off the booth .
portions are weak however .
i will not be coming back .
i'm just beyond put off .
nobody was cleaning up the place !
our food was barely edible .
so the food was average , not great .
the service was rushed and unfriendly .
not worth the price .
i wish i could give this place no stars .
got sick from this place twice !
worst italian we have ever had .
we will never return to this restaurant for food .
horrible service , and sub-par food .
my stuff was stolen from my room .
going to file a police report .
pet friendly and low cost .
worst red roof inn i have ever stayed in .
bed comforter had dried stains on it as well .
it was absolutely gross .
our bathroom was disgusting .
it also was extremely slow .
do not stay here .
it certainly wasn't clean though .
i'm beyond upset with red roof inn , madison .
please do not stay here .
the service is so annoying .
she had no response to my question .
i believe this is every woman 's worst nightmare !
she didn't seem to care .
it was sub par and i returned it anyways .
doubt i'll be back .
poor food handling practices !
they looked like they had never been washed .
we will not be going back !
i think i may have been wrong .
let 's begin with the parking situation .
there is no parking situation .
the seats are cramped and uncomfortable .
sorry , it is just stupid .
will not use them again .
if i could give zero stars i would .
she could care less and was extremely rude .
i have never been treated so horribly before .
pain in the neck , right ?
that 's just not right .
good location , low prices , below par rooms .
my room was dirty .
the rooms had a stale , mildew smell .
my blanket has burn holes in it .
the service , however , needs help , literally .
we drank too much coffee with all this waiting .
worst experience in service we've ever had !
manager is very inexperienced .
obviously the cook does not know that .
nothing had a cajun seasoning to it .
they are probably fake reviews by friends .
owner says i am not cajun .
it was ok buy upset my stomach .
cornbread was dense and moist ?
can i give zero stars ?
i didn't even get to eat .
cashier was not friendly at all .
my stay here was horrible .
the receptionist was no help .
i wish yelp allowed negative stars .
i couldn't get out of this hole fast enough !
the decor was bland , to say the least .
anything else i've tired here has been sub-par .
all their food is canned process nonsense .
friends invite me for inexpensive margaritas .
no cheese anywhere , no flavor , just hot .
tamales were not good .
the west side location was way better .
i tried the camarones wrap - big mistake .
the shrimp were barely warm and slimy .
unfortunately , the machine wasn't running .
they had been sitting out for awhile .
that was a bit disappointing .
i had a burrito , it was ok .
watered down drinks , slow service and rude management !
tonight was a completely different story !
our service was super slow .
it needed spice though .
he clearly doesn't care about his customers !
waiter was rude and obnoxious .
the chimichangas were on point though .
service was adequate , no more no less .
i will not go back .
if you want decent mexican food , go elsewhere .
if you are craving a margarita , go elsewhere .
then she never went out of her way .
never did she ask not offer to fix it .
it's not this place .
never going here again .
it didn't taste fresh .
won't be coming back unfortunately .
again , no complaints for this arrangement .
the sauce was watery and had almost no flavor .
i'm still thirsty just thinking about it .
meh , very mediocre food .
it had the consistency of paste and tasted horrible .
the restaurant decor is out dated and worn out .
the restroom was gross .
waitress tells me no , i ordered scrambled .
this place is awful .
so i guess there 's that .
the meat in the pot roast tasted processed .
the dumplings were slimy .
the vegetables were so salty , they were inedible .
the egg wasn't even cooked on it !
potatoes and grits were very bland .
i won't be going back .
i'm so disappointed in union cab .
sorry that is not our problem .
unfortunately , that ride was with union cab .
first , the sandwich was exceptionally greasy .
second , the size of the burger was pathetic .
you've got to be desperate to eat there .
i couldn't even eat it .
it's disappointing for the north side of town .
just like every other home depot .
don't buy paint here , it's really inconsistent .
wait no , here 's the deal .
not a good thing .
management was the worst of all .
going out to breakfast in the lobby is disgusting .
the exercise equipment didn't work properly .
nothing spectacular but then nothing terrible either .
the only downside was the waiter .
very expensive & the food is terrible .
we will not return to this chili 's location .
rarely are there any baskets for shoppers to use .
the prepared food counter looks horrendous .
the produce section is the worst of the store .
something about this location just seems off .
my latest trip sealed the deal .
so , so long .
pricey and bad quality service .
only one stylist working and no receptionist .
i went because i got a flat .
my boyfriend drops off my bike on a monday .
my flat is fixed .
there 's nothing wrong with them .
hell , even santa shows up there now .
they ruin every , single trip to the mall .
not exactly an upscale mall by a long shot .
there are just no good stores there .
also , the food court sucks .
no good eatery places here at all .
hmm , this mall needs a facelift .
the stores are awful .
i do not even walk down certain area .
i just do not know what else to say .
not so much anymore .
this time around wasn't so great .
i couldn't convince the owner of using dry cloths .
they have hardly any business - i wonder why ?
this place is the worst .
and the employees are rude .
" ummmm , what kinds are there ? "
needless to say , i'm really bummed and disgusted .
the employees are rude .
the product is over priced .
the people are rude !
no hello , no hi , how are you ?
the epitome of a crap chain .
why did i get talked into going here ?
this needs no explanation .
the sirloin was mostly fat and rubbery .
there was no meat to be eaten .
did get a coupon for a return visit .
mozzarella sticks were barely warm .
the coleslaw served with it was literally inedible .
little to no dressing and tasteless .
i am not a fan of false advertisement !
i don't get it .
i would avoid coming here .
this wouldn't even be one star for me .
but that wasn't the end of it .
it was horrible from the get go .
and then she brought our salads and no silverware .
the " cart paths " were awful !
not just one but two employees .
restaurant manager said no problem .
manager gone - staff no clue we were coming .
dirty as all hell .
and yes someone can contact me if they'd like .
i've never been more dissatisfied with such customer service .
it was that bad .
not sure when or if i will go back .
this used to be a favorite .
this hotel is disgusting .
the first night we had loud and rude neighbors .
i will not be staying here again .
i was very disappointed in this hotel .
no one cleaned our room .
we won't be staying there again .
the bed was comfortable .
the sink allows plenty of room for toiletries .
let me wet it down . "
do not go to this place .
don't lie to customers .
i want to like this place but can't .
i went today and the did not have chicken .
this place has gone downhill .
i assume somebody got there late .
understaffed , slow , and disorganized .
there is another taco bell down east washington .
you're better off going down the street .
they lost my ticket again ?
the workers also gave me an extra fountain drink .
worst taco bell in the area .
they mess up our order almost every time .
however , our waiter was extremely rude .
it made the entire experience quite disappointing .
even the salads are iffy .
their food is nothing special .
my last two visits there were very disappointing .
the food was bland .
the beer selection was very poor .
no local taps are offered .
all the food was terribly disappointing .
i ate here with my wife recently .
so why not give it a shot .
my steak was rather bland .
everyone has off days , i get it .
i wouldn't eat here again .
block is just awful !
so very , very bad !
i won't be back .
no carry out on friday nights !
went for lunch had the fish fry .
really bad over cooked just bad .
i so wanted to like this place .
the italian beef was very dry almost jerky .
my husband 's walleye was not so excellent .
so not a good first experience .
is there a broccoli shortage ?
there is no shortage for noodles though .
such a contrast to the sleeping counter person .
no one jumped on to help him out .
we will not be back !
i will never be going back .
completely scary , awful experience .
" no , we've got to go . "
before leaving , i checked their website .
don't say you are returning a gift .
hey east side , get a clue .
significantly peeling off the walls .
get your wallet out !
this hotel really sticks it to their priceline customers .
it's just a bit dated and tired looking .
the room was pretty rough .
the light over the mirror didn't work .
things were just worn out .
the bed had clearly seen better days .
the room had big stains on carpet .
stay elsewhere if you have a choice .
old , needs remodeling .
air didn't work correctly in the bedroom area .
ancient stained plastic toilet seat .
wish i had checked yelp before coming .
this place was gross and depressing .
some of staff good others could care less .
these burgers are n't seasoned and are quite bland .
a little salt and pepper would help a lot .
they were chewy and gross .
the burger buns weren't so much toasted as burnt .
the service was horrible .
parking is very limited .
i'd rather cook my own breakfast than eat here .
cause she saw the mean looks on our faces .
only 2-3 tables were being used .
this place is dirty , and disgusting .
food is poor quality .
if i could give negative stars i would !
the two guys working there are so rude .
internet sucks which is why i won't be back .
service was ok , wireless internet is unreliable .
it was not cheap and the room was gross .
i did not feel safe here .
would not come back here .
almost a full month past expiration !
fortunately , we didn't eat the hummus .
horrible service in the bar .
rude and inattentive bartenders even though it wasn't busy .
which is unfortunate because the fish was actually decent .
food was average , service terrible , drinks flat .
this week was a disaster .
waitress nowhere to be found .
hold the phone , this isn't what i ordered .
unfortunately , it didn't fit properly .
the end result , the dress was too tight .
i will never be back .
this place it not worth the reputation .
somebody teach these people some customer service .
i am consistently disappointed when i visit monty 's .
i'm not terribly impressed with it .
i could probably get better breakfast somewhere else .
its not amazing food .
gross , disgusting , rip-off .
but the food quality is generally average to poor .
not to mention that the food is always mediocre .
not happy and not coming back .
the host at the counter was not friendly .
milk , ice cream , caramel ?
i don't even know why people like this place .
i don't understand why this place is popular .
the food was bad and the service was bad .
no one was unfriendly , just incompetent .
some ok food , some terrible .
recently it has been just ok .
everything about this place was mediocre .
the service is less than desirable .
lunch was okay , but nothing special .
will not be back .
i ordered chicken pot pie with mashed potatoes .
both of which were really dry .
drinks sat empty most of our visit .
it's all fine , but not special at all .
every time i go there it's just so mediocre .
i don't know what anyone likes about this place .
that 's not what i want to pay for .
front desk was rude and not helpful whatsoever .
this place is just dirty .
the salesperson said i could pick from any four .
nothing happened to it .
the lady at the counter was so rude .
no one asked us anything .
hey , i get it .
walked through the store to the service desk .
lights were out , nobody home .
i couldn't even stomach a few bites .
the teenagers even thought it was mediocre .
boo shame on them .
very messy and started to come off very quickly .
poor hours , selection and service .
the place reeked of old urine .
i wouldn't even put a star .
no way am i going back to them !
i'm not even asking much .
, then told i could chose from the board .
but this has been my experience .
also , the food was a big disappointment .
i don't come here anymore - bad vibes .
can not believe it !
this place is horrible for service .
another week went by and we heard nothing .
look at all the bad reviews for this place .
absolute worst dry cleaners in madison .
the new ownership has completely ruined that experience .
the new management is awful .
i would not recommend .
full of gristle , didn't taste good , etc .
i highly recommend not going here .
im still not sure i'll go back .
i recently had my engagement pictures here .
ok still , we can hurry .
i've never been treated so terribly .
she needs a crash course on customer service .
bc she has zero .
you end up with a slide off mess .
grease running down my hand .
sorry , pizza pit staff .
that wasn't much better .
i was utterly wrong .
it tasted fishy and disgusting !
but , i'll never be eating here again .
this place has really gone downhill .
fish fry was over cooked and greasy .
i really don't see any greatness there .
have not had lunch or dinner here .
my wife and ate there tonight .
wish i was told they did have lake perch .
salty , doughy breadsticks .
eggplant parmesan , greasy , boring cheese .
the red sauce , peppery but no substantial flavor .
no , we are n't in italy .
americans don't know the difference any more .
if i could not give any stars i would .
she only knew i couldnt do a saturday evening .
it didn't start well .
i guess we'll skip olive garden next time !
the soups were not as good either .
i do not recommend this place .
they are charging for hot tea and pepper oil .
i would not eat there again .
no fortune in the fortune cookie !
second bite into my chicken , and it's hard .
prices weren't bad either .
prices too high and service very slow .
went here today for a flat tire patch .
never again , goodyear !
i wish i could remember this one 's name .
she was unfriendly and never smiled !
i didn't drop it and never had problems before .
the worst cell phone experience of my life .
mr. roberts has going for it .
drinks are reasonably priced too .
i got the pathetic haircut ever .
i felt so embarrassed .
most awful and horrible place to get a haircut .
and this lady was rough .
i would not recommend going here .
our bill was completely off .
but , i would not come back for dinner .
no longer dog friendly .
too bad for them !
cash only really sucks .
the potatoes were watery , butter was rock hard .
avoid kfc at all costs !
the food quality is continuously horrible .
i can't believe this place is still in business .
it's always dead , like a ghost town .
i was of age but not planning on drinking .
extremely slow drink service .
and i'm not twelve .
three tiny croutons on top and flavorless cheese .
i won't be going back .
the sides were not good at all .
drinks way over priced !
it was shady business .
waste of my time .
left the car for them to check things out .
customer service is second to none .
my consultant was ok , but not overly helpful .
and there has n't been much info .
still no idea when these blinds will arrive .
won't recommend and won't use them again .
from the first taste i was not impressed .
it looked like it was from a grocery store .
nope , the ticket was lost .
unfortunately , i was disappointed .
nothing could be farther from the truth !
really bad service worst attitude i've seen .
here 's what 's not : extremely inconsistent ribs .
why can't i get them on my dinner ?
the service has n't gotten any better here .
you will not get great value here .
the ribs are over cooked .
i'm still searching for good bbq meat in madison .
giving two stars only because the food was mediocre .
this time it was awful .
overall , this store is disappointing .
they will no longer have my family 's business .
the groomer was not friendly at all .
never again will i visit this store .
this place is horrible .
nothing was fresh , all processed or frozen .
i will not be coming back .
they have an acoustics problem here .
this location needs new management and new employees .
staff never in a hurry .
nothing special to write about .
would not return to this one .
wait times for food have just gotten terrible .
once my go to lunch spot stinks for service .
someone in management needs to get a clue !
the rest of the experience , not so much .
the chair still has problems .
this purchase has turned in to an unfortunate experience .
this purchase has turned in to an unfortunate experience .
well , it has n't gotten any better .
there was a big saturday sale going on .
i booked everything online and called to confirm .
awful does not begin to describe tonight 's experience .
we had a very bad customer service experience .
if i could select zero i would have .
the staff are extremely rude and not very accommodating .
it kind of explains why nobody comes here .
the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
will never be going back to this place again .
biscuit , gravy and hash browns ?
not only that but the server was horrible .
she was a horrible waitress .
neither my mother or i could finish our food .
my car was no completed on time .
i was there on a hot sat in june .
shouldn't the outside order window be opened .
what a rude and disappointing experience .
the custard is ok , but nothing special .
one of them just disappeared into a back room .
are you kidding me ?
it was not very impressive whatsoever .
he also ordered cheese curds with it .
not even worth the price !
didn't michael 's used to be good ?
to say i'm disappointed is an understatement .
that should have been my first warning .
the cheese was some processed crap .
disturbing to say the least .
so far this company has been very disappointing .
it was supposed to be delivered on tuesday .
it was not delivered on wednesday .
this is a terrible company .
if i could give negative stars i would .
this is an illegal and unethical business practice !
if i could give negative stars i would .
customer service is awful .
i'm not even sure where to begin .
that quickly turned into an hour and a half .
the staff was really chaotic and unorganized .
there was literally almost no fish .
when we got there nobody was there .
no phone call , no e-mail , nothing .
i couldn't believe it .
i am a frequent walmart shopper .
i grab another employee .
you will find better business elsewhere .
ordering the tires was ok .
firestone called tires plus and told them what happened .
one was horrible and one provided great customer service .
my room is next to the elevator too .
i patiently waiting thinking something was strange .
he then asked me what i needed .
i explained and we walked to the pump .
he just left me standing there .
he thanked me for my patience and went along .
i didn't deserve service like this .
he didn't need to treat me with such disregard .
they don't deserve your money .
now , it's all horrible .
you're kind of a disaster sometimes , man .
be greasy and awful and ridiculous , pizza hut .
julie was the consultant who helped me .
what a customer service disaster .
avoid this place like the plague .
clearly this company doesn't work well with others .
dirty counters , messy machines , and dirty tables .
no card , no money left their hand .
they are like , it is just brownies .
and just walked away .
they get a negative star !
they were out of pie pieces , okay fine .
tried it , it was discussing .
seriously will never go back to this place .
please people don't waste your time or money here !
absolutely the slowest service ever !
however it is always a hit or miss .
today was the worst pizza i have ever had .
my husbands also was just as bad .
didn't honor online prices from their own website .
the kid at the counter was clueless .
not pink or even a smoke ring , blood .
ate here last night .
the inside of the restaurant was unclean and tacky .
this is not a good thing .
not a lot of great variety .
the slaw and fries were fine .
nothing special but not bad .
one rib was fall of bone .
further down , it was closer to jerky .
all in all , not a great bbq experience .
service was flat out terrible .
not even close to the best in madison .
the ribs were very dry and tough .
will not be going back .
it used to my favorite place for barbecue .
the breast was dry .
next i tried the ribs .
the baked beans were pretty good .
the coleslaw is what hurt .
i would not recommend fat jacks .
however the the fried mushrooms were good .
i won't be back .
food didn't look fresh and was pretty flavorless .
service was slow and unprofessional .
spend your money in a local hardware store .
the inside is huge , but arranged poorly .
i was probably wrong about the latter part .
he told me that 's not how it works .
again , this is apparently not how it works .
worst customer service ever !
poor management and training of staff is very evident .
bathrooms messy without toilet paper men 's restroom .
avoid this one at all costs .
( not cheaper ) .
i really don't understand why anyone would go here .
more than six dollars per container !
the bakery section is gross , too .
your bakery department sucks big time .
no worries many options to choose from near by .
i just wonder how often this happens .
oh yea they did disgusting !
the worst arby 's i have ever eaten at .
so , here is why it is bad .
this place is pretty gross .
have some standards , arby 's .
wow , what a disappointment .
steak sandwiches are supposed to be lean !
bad service and unfriendly staff .
several days passed with no response .
what a waste of time .
fake rum , maybe ?
it was totally disgusting .
so carl , just a word of advice .
it's okay , i guess .
lousy grocery and produce , but excellent doughnuts .
i have tried a few places with no luck .
if she was busy she could have said that .
she says she does not know .
i walked out feeling completely terrible .
i will not go to your store .
however , do not get your nails done here .
its decor is horrible .
it's pricing itself out of madison .
this is not a great first impression .
this place as reopened and should have stayed closed .
literally the worst hair experience of my entire life .
no one or nothing was in the manicure area .
it looked like a ghost town .
the entire experience was uncomfortable .
i didn't realize the place shut down .
it's horrible and i strongly advise against going there .
extremely disappointing first time visit .
thank you for wasting my time today .
i was very wrong !
i would never go to this place again .
they were not exciting .
when we got our drinks , they were weak !
awful service , rude bartenders .
he was not at all apologetic .
this is terrible customer service .
i am looking elsewhere .
i don't know where their beef is from .
not a true butcher either .
this kfc never has the chicken you want ready .
the staff and customers are awful .
the service was slow .
even the coleslaw was very dry .
unfortunately , there was a big language barrier .
potato wedges : awful .
this particular bucks seems to be hit or miss .
the crust is incredibly thin .
their sizes are not generously portioned out .
nothing stood out to me .
unfortunately , i will not be back again .
not understanding the good reviews here .
their pizza is gross .
after that though , i wasn't very impressed .
curry was bland and lacked spice and punch .
can't really mess up the rice so no complaints .
plantains were a little soggy and lacked crisp .
avoid i would give zero stars if i could .
uninspired chinese food from very nice people .
maybe that 's why i only had three bites .
the lo mien was also horrible .
there saving grace is their hot sour soup .
but in all honestly , nothing special .
this is not the place i recommend .
normally i think crappy chinese food is good .
there 's just no flavor .
the crab rangoon is terrible .
hell , asian kitchen is better than this place .
i won't be ordering again .
how about you don't nickel and dime your customers .
i've been down south and had amazing sausage gravy .
i'm not going back .
bad service and even worse " food . "
however , the place is not awful .
it was a plain ham and cheese omelette .
rotten tomatoes ruin your taste for anything .
also the coffee was not good .
we were , to say the least very disappointed .
otherwise a complete waste of our money .
late night madison is tough when you are hungry .
dining room is a little dingy for a chain .
likely the hamburger gave me food poisoning friday night .
everything that is wrong with chain restaurants .
unlimited fries with every sandwich ?
the food has nothing unique about it .
quite uncomfortable , but the only seating available .
it was an experience that i will never forget .
i will be in no hurry to go back .
poor service , noisy , but pretty good food .
our appetizer finally arrived - but no soup .
the fries were cold on all our meals .
at that point i was disgusted - and done .
but my low point is for the service .
not our first visit , not our first choice .
extremely overpriced , underwhelming food .
just went all ghost and ignored us .
not many customers at the time .
poor timing of food service .
bad experience , red robin !
anyway , the rating is for the food .
i was very disappointed with the entire visit .
there were no chunks of potato or clams .
the replacement was not the greatest in taste .
i've made better wine .
horrible service , old flowers .
perhaps good product , but really poor service .
multiple people acted really rude .
she also stated everything was in stock .
i could not believe it .
he did not care .
the next day , i was sick all day .
you will be very sorry that you did !
do you like greasy overcooked american chinese ?
dragon & phoenix , eh pretty bad .
my advice , avoid this place at all costs .
bad service average chinese food .
frankly it was nowhere to be found .
order was taken right away and served promptly .
also , the prices are too high .
these guys rip you off .
i was very insulted .
i'll keep trying , though .
the blueberries are really hard and frozen .
the effort was there but the execution was sad .
shop around , they are really money hungry .
customer service was pitiful .
friday fish fry was awful .
my boyfriends fish was also disappointing .
the restaurant equivalent of flying coach .
it was not good .
i have too much to lose .
so i get the bartender and explain the story .
she does nothing but tell him to apologize .
so he sticks his hand out and says sorry .
1st time and as i say one and done .
this place was an ass backwards train wreck .
me no never will i stop again .
the food sucked ass .
this is a harsh review but these things matter .
no accommodations were offered .
i wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone !
this place is beyond terrible !
this place is awful .
no hot single chicks here .
slow service for both the drinks and our food .
it was not good .
it was not bad .
cole slaw was horrible in a little cup .
i really have no desire to return ever again .
the others are n't so great .
and it was indeed mediocre .
my chicken sandwich was pretty basic california chicken .
it came smothered in some sort of spread .
my sandwich felt apart immediately .
the worst place to watch sports in madison !
looked like a party on a budget .
wasn't much blue cheese in it .
weak tap beer line up .
they didn't even go in and check .
but this time it created a problem .
i was not the only one standing there .
can't come in at all with it ?
expensive for food that is mediocre .
horrible , horrible service .
the food was okay , nothing special .
i went there once and had a horrible waitress .
i don't suggest going to this place at all .
i don't suggest coming here for a good time .
i eventually just gave up trying to call them .
the restaurant was not busy at all .
walked in and had to wait for the hostess .
needless to say , we took our business elsewhere .
i am disappointed to say the least .
beyond the cheesy exterior , he was nice .
here 's where i'm not happy .
lousy service once they have your money .
it was hit or miss and its been hot !
he was in a hurry to get out too .
not ultra modern , but contemporary design .
the fault of courtyard ?
dog rooms not so bad .
this place was a huge disappointment .
negatives : it is not cheap .
there was not very much included with our dinner .
i was really disappointed and felt a little cheated .
then she just stared at me .
the rolls left for more to be desired .
i left feeling hungry and disappointed .
i was very disappointed .
what a lazy job they were doing in there .
but i wish the sandwiches were a little bigger .
i guess i'll try the french bread next time .
want a room with scary stains and torn carpeting ?
the breakfast buffet was pretty weak .
the room was fine but nothing fancy .
i was left feeling confused .
he has never had a problem like this .
we will not be staying there again .
this easily ranks among the worst .
after getting into the room i wasn't much happier .
this not a three and a half star place .
staff are not nice .
so , we had no other place to stay .
no appt possible for detailing on weekends !
overall it was a terrible car wash .
worse place to get your car washed .
they talked more than detailing .
the bartender was nice but the place was empty .
i would recommend you look elsewhere for better service .
this place is awful .
we both received terrible service .
overpriced and poor quality .
totally disrespectful and horrible job !
they had the consistency of cardboard and no flavor .
the pizza had no feta cheese at all .
what kind of business doesn't stand behind their work .
i was treated horribly !
i can't believe i'm writing this .
tonight was an epic fail on customer service .
when the food arrived it was totally wrong .
i would describe this place as mediocre at best .
only thing left was the meat .
sad , sad , sad experience .
coleslaw : shredded cabbage with straight vinegar on it .
i'm pretty sure there were no other ingredient .
mac & cheese : disgusting .
that was a huge mistake .
but wasn't a big fan of the sides .
price was not counted correctly .
come to find out he was a manager .
i was not impressed at all !
not a place i will re visit .
the aisles are too small .
no help at all .
not that hard to deliver mail .
courteous service can only go so far .
skip it and go to sam 's cafe .
i guess twice was enough for me .
even the apple dumplings were just okay .
don't stay here there are better places in urbana .
i would never stay here again .
very thin walls increased the noise .
the place is dirty dirty dirty .
the carpet in the hallway is very dirty .
but the blankets are nasty full of burn marks .
kenny the manager is very inconsiderate and not reasonable .
the coffee is bad .
also , the coffee only comes in small cups .
every other part of the meal was a disaster .
my burger was missing everything but meat and cheese .
this place is sad .
never washing his hands and never wearing gloves .
this place is a total joke !
server was good but the kitchen sucked .
the waitress was rude .
kept looking down at us and service was slow .
this is a horrible steak and shake !
i ordered the eggplant chicken special .
it was american ( globe ) eggplant .
that dish was not spicy in the least .
they were stale and not very good .
still , i don't think i'll be back .
never gives total over the phone .
while others walked out with their pizzas loaded .
a poor substitute for tex-mex food .
uninspired and bland food choices .
i'd give it a zero if i could .
this place is weak as fuck .
the location of this restaurant needs to be updated .
the beef was utterly dry and flavorless .
i did not feel welcomed here at all .
our server seemed impatient and annoyed with us .
he looked horrified but went away anyway .
my burritos were boring and tasteless .
nothing seems to stay there for long .
lately the sides have been awful .
the okra and casserole were cold .
that in my opinion is really poor customer service .
no big deal there .
my coke was empty .
i think this breaks a record for me .
the baked potato was delivered piping hot .
not really a " farm " person .
never heard back even though i followed up twice .
do not bring your vehicle to farm & fleet .
avoid at all cost !
supposedly they are ordered .
still nothing from the store .
not a kid friendly location .
the small salad wasn't their best .
i couldn't believe what i was hearing .
won't make this mistake again .
i like other much cheaper pizza than this .
should not take this long to replace an item .
avoid this place at all costs !
the pizza was barely warmer than room temperature .
the complementary breakfast is not good .
this has been over a month of getting breakfast .
no luck with calling for any help in complaint .
ownership doesn't seem to care .
will go elsewhere next time .
are you freakin ' kidding me ?
you won't be doing it this sunday .
never ever go this place again .
inches off of my hair .
i am very very very unhappy .
clearly they don't want my business !
overpriced and never again especially for female haircuts .
she told me no .
the weather here is horrible .
unfortunately they did not maintain high standards .
but some should be avoided completely .
never ordering from this place again .
but i wasn't in the mood for meat .
now that 's what i call mediocre !
the biggest con , however ?
the egg roll was disappointing .
it used to be good .
but today the barista made me so mad !
the coffee here is atrocious .
cup of flavorless grey water .
third strike , you're out !
starbucks became starbucks for a reason .
i don't know what to say .
it's just milk , dude .
this place is as expensive as starbucks coffee .
rob you blind at every turn .
not at all from my experience .
there 's no organization and it is just ridiculous !
they do not clean their own furniture and floor .
this is very strange for me .
the entire salon and nail stations were disgusting .
there was a layer of acrylic dust on everything .
the place was terrible .
it's a piece of junk .
this place is awful !
they're unorganized and totally clueless .
i have never used a business so poorly run .
or maybe they're all this bad .
this location is weird .
their customer service is terrible .
he made no effort to reach a resolution .
didn't even get to try it .
that 's not what i got .
my time was absolutely wasted .
i've had bad times at brothers .
it gets too crowded to play darts .
it seems to be totally random .
never wasting my time at brother 's again .
my ears hurt more than anywhere else i've been .
the fans on the ceiling are useless .
have no place to stand or sit .
also , the dj 's are inept .
i would avoid this company at all costs !
please avoid this company at all costs .
on top of that these people are condescending assholes .
do not use these people , they are terrible .
it was very salty and unpleasant .
never again stay away from this place !
both of which were disappointing !
but now it's barely passable .
it was a very disappointing .
we walked in and it was very hectic .
slowly , our little dim sum dishes came out .
however , my last two visits were terrible .
they simply served it .
the first time i was not sure .
i can't imagine why this would happen .
there was no soup ( wtf ) !
the food is oily and lacks flavor .
i would give zero star if i could .
this place is a total rip off .
hell i will never ever return to this restaurant .
this is a horrible place .
even after they have already known you are healthy .
they don't know how to bill correctly !
another issue i had is for another annual exam .
get cancelled and rescheduled 3-5 times .
avoid going here at any cost !
it deserves zero stars .
who are you people giving these stupid reviews ?
this place is a nightmare .
there is nothing redeeming about this place .
the drinks were worse and painfully weak .
i was horrified to see people in formal wear .
the tables probably had n't been cleaned in years .
drinks are totally average , albeit cheap .
don't they clean the floors ?
worst bar i've been to , period .
what an absolute dump .
one star is too much .
there were flies all over the place .
the produce looked so sad and wilted .
i could barely eat it .
unfortunately this was not the case .
these were not pleasant and bitter tasting .
very thinly sliced meat that was very chewy .
let me say , i strongly regret this decision .
slowest service i've ever had .
waitress also did not know anything about menu items .
i wasted a trip .
so maybe i am not the target audience .
soft , tasteless pitas with bland meat and sauce .
the greek salad wasn't anything special either .
the salad doesn't have enough cheese !
this is where it falls short .
overall a little disappointing .
not a big fan .
this place is horrible .
the service is very rude .
it was a really weird experience .
the final disaster was the fried gnocchi .
but , ok , they were short on menus .
the menu shortage ( ?
the waitress didn't charge us for the soup .
so i guess that was a bad selection .
however , the service is so-so .
way too expensive for crap like that .
there is no way these could count as tapas .
food was overpriced and low quality .
however , this nightmare did not end then .
the service is soooo slow .
this place is so overrated it's not even funny .
it's so cold , loud and crowded .
without exaggeration , the food was disgusting .
the salmon tasted like it was two weeks old .
and it was still awful .
it was impossible to chew .
this was just unacceptable .
i couldn't find it from the actual review page !
however , this nightmare did not end then .
wait , no , not identical .
it was a very unwelcoming place .
; and a totally inept management of the tables .
sub-par indian food , which passes in town .
the food here is generic and bland .
not worth the money .
around 9pm , i called again .
i tried calling , and no one picks up .
then my hunger snapped me back to my senses .
will not come here ever again .
rice was stale , cold , and hard .
incredibly poor food quality .
very disappointed by this experience .
veg appetizer was ok , rest was not good .
they were so oily and soggy .
i didn't like this place .
first , the service is slow .
so , this place is so overrated !
but who can turn down amazing chicken strips ?
under those conditions , i say go for it .
i was just killing time and saw this shop .
your little model cars on the wall were filthy .
for fast food sandwiches , i vote subway .
the dogs there are all sad .
can we say gross ?
literally , i went orange eating it .
i would not recommend this restaurant .
any food would suffer from sitting for an hour .
a total waste of money .
read the bad reviews .
knew it was not going to be that great .
fish fillet floating in grease with absolutely no taste .
avoid at all cost .
but why the hell would i do that ?
however , the food is practically tasteless .
avoid at all cost .
first , why do they use ground chicken ?
that 's just wrong .
ground chicken is wrong .
and the dish was just not good .
a curry dish with barely any veggies ?
no , potatoes do not count .
nothing but bad service here .
the car was not ready when i arrived .
i do not recommend it !
i didn't even know that was possible .
oh god , where do i start ?
staff is rude , inconsiderate .
staff is not friendly .
but that 's not the worst part .
why not appeal to god directly ?
why would i get a service that isn't recommended ?
their approach to customer service is bizarre .
they stopped the upsell after that .
that explains my poor performance !
but , jiffy lube lost me as a customer .
worse place in town !
very very rude staff !
the food however , was underwhelming .
spicy tuna was terrible .
don't waste your time .
what really cracked me up was the vegetables .
the food was horrible .
worst japanese food in town !
it was strange and somewhat offensive .
the problem with this place is the service .
this place does neither .
so we walked out .
my friend and i went there and order ramen .
the service is very slow .
the ramen is so bad .
this place is a joke !
we could all smell trash while sitting there .
tried to take my wife for a birthday dinner .
most of the frames were name brand super expensive .
so i go back to get it adjusted .
i wish i never had known about the place .
it didn't have a lot of flavor .
but the fried chicken was not that good .
it was really dry .
the fish isn't anything special either .
maybe it's because i am not a regular .
mac and cheese is awesome but small portions .
i love the okra and the collard greens .
however their customer service is the worst .
the food was just sitting on the counter .
the wait is insane .
would not recommend this restaurant !
fridays and your applebee 's .
well , it's not like that anymore .
but now it's not .
but the bruschetta was just awful .
no apology , nothing .
not complicated to pour some sauce on the noodles !
very poor quality food .
our pizza was mushy and undercooked .
i couldn't eat it .
the description was nothing like the actual entree .
alas not so good .
typical olive garden , standard menu , nothing special .
our cups sat empty for most of our meal .
we didn't have enough time for our app .
good food but lacks a family friendly environment .
i did not like the sausage .
salad dressing very sour .
but if you love quality and freshness , avoid !
sadly no other steak cut options .
but you can't get any other cut of meat .
the salad bar is terrible .
let me first describe the restaurant 's ambience .
the ribeye steak is low quality meat .
overall , the salad bar is not worth ordering .
it just is not very good .
service is adequate but unremarkable either way .
why oh why can't we rate zero stars ?
the salad bar was the only redeeming quality .
the ribeye said it was no problem .
the shrimp is ok , too .
i am only halfway joking .
ribeye rare with sauted mushrooms and loaded baked potato .
steak was below average and service was lacking .
i try to avoid them as much as possible .
they couldn't even offer anything else !
once again , a terrible experience .
unfortunately we had a gift certificate .
i will happily spend that money elsewhere .
when i opened the door the stench was overpowering .
horrible apartments and management .
first they gave trashy apartment without cleaning .
second they do not agree that it is dirty .
never rent their apartment !
they do not care tenants at all .
it's suffering living in their apartment year round .
just a bad experience all around .
we tried really hard to keep it away .
so my friend parked at an empty lot .
then the car get towed .
you're new , confused , slightly nervous about everything .
not ok at all .
and i officially hate carrie 's now .
did ya look down the hallway , asshole ?
maybe it was the overall lack of options .
the people weren't friendly or helpful .
but there are problems with other members there .
i shop the bulk bins because there is variety .
shouldn't be a surprise , really .
don't go here if you can avoid it .
the next day my radiator tank was completely empty .
items are overcharged and there is no return policy .
this company is a complete fraud .
don't give these people money .
no specific schedule for the next bus !
for dry cleaning they are extremely expensive .
they have lost our business for good .
well , no more .
the first time , i was missing some pants .
so that forced me to go there again .
don't support this business please .
i drove down there with receipts .
needless to say , i won't be returning .
we used the laundromat and it is wicked nasty .
after two hours the movers never showed .
save yourself the worry and avoid like the plague .
very unhappy and unsatisfied customer .
diner with overly hovering waitresses and bad orange juice .
( and the quality delivered is mostly poor . )
the sausage and eggs were good without complaint .
the customer service was just that bad .
so disappointed in the whole experience .
they were so slow .
however , truly bad service is inexcusable .
this isn't what bothers me .
i won't be back .
normally things here are ok - nothing fantastic .
in addition , it was a hot mess .
talk about bad presentation !
bad values all around .
horrible , horrible , horrible .
the service was bad and the food was worse .
i love chain food but this place is awful .
i ordered some sort of pasta alfredo with chicken .
the pasta was so overcooked it was mushy .
this place is an absolute joke .
this is not the case here .
thanks but no thanks .
no one even looked at us .
not worth the hassle .
it was nothing like it .
the water interactive display had no water in it .
the sand exhibit was missing some sand .
i am not kidding .
these people are clueless .
we complained and were reluctantly given our money back .
what a sad , sad place .
to begin with , the place was dirty .
it looked like no one cared about it .
i wouldn't recommend it .
dirty - everything is dirty and dusty .
the food though , has much to be desired .
they were that bad .
the chicken tasted like it was canned .
getting the order wrong and forgetting a side ?
unfortunately i should have followed the negative reviews .
the rice was drenched in grease .
omg out out a bag , just horrible .
however , our server was a really nice guy .
they used yellow cheese on my tacos .
much better choices for mexican food in champaign .
unless you buy your tickets several weeks in advance .
it was soggy and relatively flavorless .
i'm definitely never going back .
french toast was hidden like a pancake .
we were completely disappointed and frustrated afterwards .
didn't like him at all .
* another problem we had here .
there seems to be only one cook .
another problem are the extremely small tables .
but that is where it begins and ends .
will not be returning .
i ordered a mega bacon cheeseburger and fries .
service here was terrible .
all in all , a terrible meal .
so , thanks , but no thanks murphy 's .
do you get the idea it was bad ?
i'm glad it wasn't a problem .
what a shit hole !
eh , this place was alright .
next off , i had the burger .
the fries were mediocre at best .
in a skillet that can be gross .
as i said , food was mediocre .
won't try it again .
slow service wouldn't even refill my drink .
it wasn't horrible but it was definitely forgettable .
greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
that just isn't possible ! "
um , why would that be , exactly ?
so then the bill comes .
then , i looked at the bill .
sadly , none of that is true now .
still no sign of my food .
by now it's been ten minutes .
i prefer a crisp cold salad like most people .
overall the booth 's were simply sticky .
worst customer service ever !
nope just to lazy to change it .
as well no napkins in dining room at all !
i got there late and there was no seating .
this place is totally overpriced , and they're sloppy .
also , the massage chairs suck .
they are rude and do a horrible job .
i'm don't giving this place a chance .
he cut my cuticles so low they started bleeding .
if i could give this less stars i would .
this place is completely shady and horrible .
would never recommend to anyone else .
worst pedicure of my life .
somehow i find that their food is kinda bland .
so first things first , they don't accept cash .
neither of us had eaten all day .
you can tell i really hate this shit .
the beef in my tacos was ground fine .
the beans were the texture of a watery soup .
the chicken taco was edible .
i was starving though .
i didn't touch the nacho cheese coated burritos .
our server didn't bring us the check .
also , the service was mediocre .
yuck , this place has really gone down hill .
our server was attentive , i can't fault him .
they weren't even worth eating .
the bar portion also pretty bad .
they also have a terrible patio in the back .
i want to punch that guy so bad .
i don't recommend anyone go to the champaign hooters .
food really , really bad .
empty tables all around .
maybe i'll give it another try .
there was nothing in it .
the chicken did not taste like general tso .
it was not spicy .
it was not flavorful .
dry , tough , stringy , chewy .
peking garden was a weird case for me though .
i was glad i didn't though .
the service was also bad this trip .
it didn't even contain carrots or onions .
she replied , " i don't care ! "
the man yelled back and then hit him again .
no one should go to this restaurant .
my daughter had the pancakes with link sausage .
it was hot as well .
everything else ranges from okay to awful .
this place is the worst .
that is outrageous and appalling .
do not go there !
worst bar i've ever been too .
not even a hello or good morning !
it seems as though no stores can survive there .
the food court is really nothing special .
i left the place and will not recommend it .
they don't know their head from their ass .
the guy said they didn't sell anything like that .
will never walk in store again .
i was not satisfied with my stay .
it had a cheap feel to it .
what really irritated me was the pricing .
better than most chain pizza , it's ok .
i did not like the pizza .
the waitress seemed to be a little rude .
slow service and bad food .
the pizza is just ok .
the appetizers are frozen and low quality .
cheap and perfectly adequate .
no , i do not need your assistance .
avoid at all costs !
also , the salon was a sauna !
overall , it was a really horrible experience .
awful , amateur job .
i hate this mcdonalds .
the worst quality mcdonald i have been to .
the other side is missing .
terrible service and management .
the second time i went was a tuesday night .
the worst i've experienced in champaign-urbana .
never heard or experienced any thing like that before .
worse cleaning i have ever had .
not " chinese food " .
just same things fried in same sauce .
shouldn't that shit be in a cooler or something ?
really don't recommend to shop in this store .
i'm not sure what is going on with that .
i would avoid the meat .
and i would avoid the produce .
check those expiration dates though .
can not imagine the poor quality of some food .
not a happy girl here .
would not do again .
this time i did not reschedule .
damn you toys r us !
dude , this pizza is gross .
i can't imagine why anyone would order from here .
too bad they wouldn't let me though .
something 's very wrong .
why won't yelp let me give zero stars ?
the animal emergency clinic of champaign is a scam .
the original surgery itself wasn't much more than that !
i don't get it .
it's not worth the visit .
i'm so sorry , pops .
i just didn't want to touch anything in there .
i don't need fancy , i just need comfy .
it was so gross !
old , smelly , & creepy .
my hubby called to say he couldn't stay there .
the room smell made the stay uncomfortable .
in fact , it was awful .
i reluctantly accepted the response and scheduled my appointment .
they don't care about anything except for your money .
and the second visit totally ruined my hair .
for sure will never ever go there again .
first , it's very pricy .
it's not worth the price .
i would not recommend .
i go here a lot because i live nearby .
not really a fan .
i just feel that the are n't very attentive .
i dunno , new hire ?
avoid until they get over themselves .
man was i disappointed by my experience here .
why should i bother shopping here ?
second problem : no leftovers .
he didn't understand and sent the manager over .
i cook thai food at home .
i was obviously disgusted and i told the waiter .
not flavorful at all .
i will never be back .
potato in the curry tasted like it was canned .
no authentic thai flavors .
but eating there is just kind of depressing sometimes .
i won't be back .
this was the worst thai food i've ever had !
the chicken stays were microwaved .
this experience was very disappointing .
warning check your credit cards and bill !
refused to refund fraud charges !
avoid this dirty horrible establishment at all costs !
she demanded to know what else we ate .
the construction is getting ridiculous at this point .
this is not right .
i want my rent back .
that 's just not right .
the apartment is a mess .
they don't care about their tenants .
they , i quote , are " dogs " .
the apartment itself was disgusting ' !
i fell sick the first week .
can't wait to move out of this company .
they do not care at all about you .
this place is over rated .
to top it off , service was poor .
you have been warned .
so , went here on a busy saturday night .
it's nothing special , neither good nor bad .
the service wasn't good .
tortilla chips come standard and it's extra for fries ?
no pink in sight .
im gon na sum this up quickly .
and i smell like a resturant !
the hostess is terribly rude and nasty .
the seating is horrible .
nothing particularly good to say about the food .
after our lunch both of us felt really bad .
after our lunch both of us felt really bad .
never said a word never put down her phone .
the worker over there is rude !
this place has the worst service ever .
too expensive for what it is .
no bike rack , so brought bike in .
usually go in car , but no more .
unfortunately i also think that language is a barrier .
excessive grease is used .
also , avoid goin on the thursday nights .
they have a stupid live band .
however , too little , too late .
nothing of that is left , the memories barely .
my stomach didn't thank me .
bottom line : avoid like the plague .
you couldn't pay me to go back .
i miss the old downtown champaign location .
the shrimp was overcooked and tough .
needless to say we were not impressed .
the prosciutto tasted more like salted pork .
their only redeeming feature was the crab cake appetizer .
slowest service i've ever had in my life .
the hostess was the one who helped us .
the pasta is often over cooked .
worst service i have ever received at a subway .
this is the worst subway in champaign-urbana !
the place was empty .
the whole attitude was bizarre .
avoid this dude at all costs .
the bar is dark and a little dusty .
i miss this place .
not that that is a bad thing for college .
honestly i would never go back to this bar .
however , the place is pretty nasty .
loud , but good music ?
full of disrespectful and dirty kids .
drinks are very weak .
too loud to hear anything .
not a fan , at all .
i effing hate this place .
it's old technology and it needs to die .
but its too expensive .
hello , rude waitress .
what a horrible waitress .
she really should be fired .
service was horrible from the start .
only thing worth anything was their perfect onion rings .
needless to say we won't be back anytime soon .
one of the worst bars on campus .
it can be good , it can be bad .
never attempt to order food for delivery from here .
there is much better sober food .
not worth the price .
never any lines to worry about here !
and my lettuce was rotten , wilted and brown .
an empty restaurant like qdoba speaks for itself .
no phone call either .
won't be trying this place again .
scam artists , plain and simple .
this place is just alright .
i will avoid them all as well .
don't trust this place .
i am glad i checked with another dentist first !
do not go to champaign dental !
convinced me i needed a cap , i didn't .
i don't even know where to begin .
stay away from these money hungry thieves !
going to have records transferred elsewhere .
stay away from these money hungry thieves !
going to have records transferred elsewhere .
a desperate excuse ) .
i wish i can give zero star !
rainbow garden is basically all talk and no walk .
go to peking garden instead .
i ate it because i was hungry .
there was hardly any flavor .
the other dish had no flavor really .
the service is rude here .
i probably could have done better at home .
the biggest problem is their service .
food was greasy as hell .
how do you mess up a fried rice ?
i ate it with my chopsticks .
this is a review for their sunday night trivia .
there are breaks for bathroom etc .
i hated this place .
so , i'm not too pleased with the place .
that is not ok !
now i avoid it like that plague .
some weird management decisions at this place .
not an honest business .
will not be returning .
bartender was super rude .
she said she wasn't a beer drinker .
hubby gave up and ordered scotch .
it was watery pico de gallo .
there 's nothing good in here .
the most gross place i've ever stayed .
some of these were new & never before worn .
the van will not take you anywhere .
the common areas were really filthy .
large room space just laid out terribly .
finish line , you stink .
it was like i was invisible , y'all .
worst shopping experience ever .
seems like i am not the only one .
the store just sucks .
anyway , you order your food to the bartenders .
i don't like the idea .
the greek one was a disaster .
a juicy pizza is not my favorite .
but it went to terrible after yesterday .
not worth it one bit !
there is no personality .
i would not go back at all .
yeah , it's that bad .
i will not be coming back !
wash your hands if you still decide to go .
okay , that 's not a big deal .
i guess i'm just not used to this feel .
difficult to do when there are no tables available .
hard to get service .
trying to flag down my server was difficult .
they lost my plates in the mail .
looks like i'll need to pick up a lawyer .
this place is ridiculous .
however it was such a disappointment .
such a bad place and such bad management .
i was so incredibly disappointed .
i suppose the entire visit was lackluster .
i don't see what all the fuss is about .
all in all , not the greatest .
we left hungry , and shaking our heads .
water was slow to be refilled .
water was slow to be refilled .
my steak wasn't very tender or all that flavorful .
it was a very unpleasant dinner .
the soup was also extremely salty .
didn't knock my socks off .
we walked bye and the place was empty .
two tables total seated eating .
service was extremely slow .
not sure what they consider booked .
not worth the money .
also , i found the couscous bland .
i am not impressed with this place .
when the food arrived , it was alright .
sure , why not .
it tasted out right burnt to me .
she was sincere , it was just annoying .
i don't know if i would recommend this place .
it's really not good .
me : this tastes like corn syrup .
have you tried it .
that 's a shame .
ok , i'll bite .
the sangria here is awful .
the only thing good was the goat cheese .
but it is goat cheese .
how can you mess that up ?
the staff always act like you're wasting their time .
pity to see an old favorite fall this far .
i have tried radio maria on visits to cu .
lunch on one trip was nothing short of inedible .
dinner one night was nice but over priced .
the deep fried house potatoes were delish .
however , the service we got was unacceptable .
fill our water glasses ) , etc .
the restaurant is also extremely noisy .
the food was awful .
you could smell and taste the garlic in everything .
the service was incredibly slow .
it was stiff and hard to chew .
will definitely not be recommending this establishment to anyone .
had brunch here and was recommended lobster eggs benedict .
i wouldn't go there for their brunch .
reservation doesn't mean you are getting a seat !
does she not know what the word reservation mean ?
it's just kind of awful .
the worse store ever in costumer service !
crystal is the worse !
maybe i should try the shwarma instead .
the quality of the food is inconsistent .
rest of food being mediocre .
just not worth going !
there will be no soup for me here !
i wouldn't get it again .
overall , i was disappointed having spent almost $ .
this place was way worse than what i expected .
i'm never coming back to this place .
overpriced for a small portion and bland .
there was also a cigarette burn in my blanket .
low price was the main attraction .
place was noisy , and needs complete renovation .
manager was sarcastic , toward any complaints .
there was no refrigerator , microwave , or breakfast .
i can't believe housekeeping would even consider this clean .
not worth the value .
dirty room , rude staff , overpriced .
sleep in the park ; it's cleaner .
also , garbage was overflowing in the breakfast area .
tv was old - not a flat screen .
the hotel is filthy and not taken care of .
the staff and management is even worse .
worst decision you could make !
we stayed only one night here .
we would not visit here again .
this was an improvement .
there 's no toilet seat !
it's broken off and thrown under the sink .
this room is fine , he says .
this place is a hell hole .
this hotel is dirty and smells bad .
management is friendly but everything needs cleaned .
the pool , the hallways , the bathrooms .
didn't dare even try the free breakfast .
don't use this company .
never ever use this company .
worse , communication with this company is a nightmare .
selection a bit limited and noisy when busy .
the prices are absolutely ridiculous .
the salad bar was very poor .
still , our waitress was never around .
cheap meat , crap salad bar , just awful .
we were sadly very disappointed .
the place is outdated and dirty .
the food was awful .
the steaks had no flavor and were chewy .
i would not recommend .
it was an ok experience .
probably wouldn't go back .
service , worse every visit .
steak was under cook .
and never see my sever again .
if not , i won't give any thing .
i mean , vinyl tablecloths at a steakhouse ?
no steak for me .
they were gummy and flavorless .
the salad bar was unremarkable , but not bad .
why not seat people at those tables ?
it was just super chaotic and unprofessional .
we should 've just gone there to begin with .
i had not been here for several years .
way too expensive for what you get .
their salesperson is too pushy and followed up around .
carpet is too expensive compared to other places .
it's normally really dirty in there too.
where in this list do you see peanuts ?
actually , i guess that is what i'm saying .
shit never went down like that in california .
it did not live up to all the fuss .
i have nothing against this custard place .
anyway , not my thing .
no business this inefficient should be around .
the service is so slow it's ridiculous .
it's an okay product but the service is unbearable .
long wait for ok ice cream .
we did not have a good experience there .
ridiculous they are that slow .
the fries had a stale chemical taste .
amazingly , worse than i expected .
i hate chain restaurants .
every time i've been here , i've been unsatisfied .
my last experience here was my worst .
certainly not convenient , cheap , or tasty .
worst kfc experience ever !
instead of two meals they only had one .
this place is really bad !
next time i should go to jimmy johns .
worst customer service ever !
this one i on the worst list .
but service is lacking big time .
i would give them a zero if i could .
what a way to make it right , wrong !
worst manager experience ever !
wouldn't give us our total for delivery .
only pizza was ready .
i arrived home and the pizza was still wrong .
needless to say our dinner was ruined .
th fish was over cooked .
just kidding , i would never do that .
don't waste your night there !
how is this garbage still in business ?
i bit my tongue .
this place is a joke .
the staff was so rude !
the place was ghetto and empty .
sorry sky lounge , you suck .
don't get beer here .
the staff was horrible .
i would never go back to this place again .
today is monday and i am still sick .
both times the place was dead .
omg , i'm sooooo sad .
these guys deserve better than that .
not a great way to build a relationship .
and these guys totally failed .
hours it takes to swap them out ?
still not good enough .
i know a little something about cars .
i had already changed the fuel filter .
i had already changed the fuel filter .
i was not impressed once .
no business from me .
it was only downhill from there .
you can't take care of takeout and dining customers ?
customer service at it's worst !
service was the worst i have ever experienced .
i have n't and will not go back .
the place was busy and noisy .
the hubby had the bbq chicken with coconut rice .
so sadly we will not be returning .
after no response , i went in ordered food .
nothing bad but nothing special .
it was mostly broth with few veggies .
his response , " ohhh sorry !
i couldn't believe it .
i won't be back .
no offer to refund the meal was offered .
the manager refunded my entire tip in cash .
have n't been back and will likely never return .
unfortunately the service was absolutely appalling .
there were only three couples inside including us .
the service was unacceptable .
it was almost impossible to manage .
then our check came , he overcharged us .
the hostess was nowhere to be seen .
no sign of the hostess .
other people have arrived and walked out as well .
maybe they'd get one of the still empty tables .
don't expect customer service !
i couldn't believe what i was hearing !
we left the restaurant and i will never return .
big fat f for this place .
the flavors and preparation is just not authentic .
needless to say , this was very disappointing .
the food was fine but the service was atrocious .
we flagged down another employee who got the waiter .
really , where were all the servers ?
the basil chicken was not much better .
watery sauce and minimal flavoring .
she didn't even eat it !
instead my time was wasted .
i couldn't believe my eyes .
its not that great .
my second trip here was not great at all .
will not be going back .
you decide which is more important .
so we walk in , it's not very busy .
i've never experienced anything like that .
absolute horrendous customer service .
the food is terrible .
pad thai is mediocre at best .
over all it was a poor experience .
she said she would get a hostess .
i ordered chicken pad thai .
it was mediocre and the service was bad .
they really need to get it together .
i left barely eating the dish .
not worth taking anything home .
went there with a group i'm in .
disappointing to say the least !
poorly handled from start to finish .
the rice wasn't fresh .
waitress was rude and avoided my inquire of service .
i won't be back .
very misleading and deceptive .
oh well take my business elsewhere .
first of all , this is horrible advice .
i will not go back here again .
i do not recommend central phoenix !
my experience was terrible .
never , ever have i been so appalled .
so glad this nightmare is behind me .
just know that your patients surely do miss you .
the problem was the dry and hard food .
the beds were comfortable .
the staff isn't so great .
it was a roof over our heads .
it is not a great hotel .
" oh , sorry too here that . "
it was really rude and unprofessional .
another thing , the starbucks thing is ridiculous .
did we really need another one ?
doesn't corporate come by every once and a while ?
every time i go , they're out of something .
i " m talking basics .
bread , milk , soda .
none of the employees are helpful nor friendly .
the products are all grossly overpriced .
this is a terrible location .
very random and sketchy .
the huge problem here , is everything else .
it makes for an unsafe situation for everyone .
i hate this safeway .
there are never enough cashiers .
i couldn't believe it .
quit being so stuck up .
hands down worst safeway in phx !
this is the worst staffed safeway in the valley .
on top of it all customer service was rude .
bad experience all around !
we all have bad days .
i apologized and was only met with more attitude .
what the hell is that smell inside the store ?
but it seems to be quite busy .
checking out sucks so much .
overall , food was bad .
did i mention they didn't give us silverware ?
too extreme for me .
not too bad , not great either .
not as good as i had hoped .
strange menu : pasta , but no burritos .
minus : way too salty .
without cilantro and he still said no .
it was really a terrible experience .
absolutely the worst service i've ever seen .
not a good experience - go somewhere else .
the food is mediocre .
this place is a headache .
and the energy is not good , very off !
wouldn't recommend eating here !
staff was rude and obnoxious .
most likely will not be back .
group decision , not a personal preference to return .
seriously , not worth your time .
not happy at all and definitely not coming back .
even to get our waters took a long time .
i was definitely not impressed at all .
if there was i couldn't taste it .
no cheddar cheese , no guacamole , no beans .
long wait with super rude host .
terrible service - period .
i'm not the server ; i'm the paying patron .
they closed early and are not reliable .
the food was terrible !
i treated my mom and aunt to lunch .
not very busy on a monday night .
sadly , canyon cafe just doesn't cut it .
i probably won't be back .
we were not greeting with a warm welcome .
not my cup of tea !
the worst was the dessert .
still the place is usually crowded .
what 's worse is they're usually rude about it .
lastly , they don't honor coupons the correct way .
this place does so-so to the max .
over-priced , small portions , mediocre service .
i like a lot of museums in phoenix .
the place was insanely overcrowded for the small space .
it didn't begin at 5:30 like we were informed .
the margaritas were too strong to enjoy .
so you ate and that was it .
i was expecting more , so i was disappointed .
extremely disappointed in this museum .
- concessions , a dumpy little espresso kiosk ?
these seats are very uncomfortable !
however , i was terribly disappointed with the seating .
this , to me , was not necessary .
why did i try it again ?
the set up is terrible .
avoid like the plague .
- the place was total sausage fest .
- worst fish and chips imaginable .
- hot wings , surprisingly , we're okay .
- philly cheesesteak sandwich - ick .
- cole slaw , more like sugar slaw .
i assumed she was going to get silverware .
there were so many things wrong at this time .
there was nothing on it .
but i would never come back again .
my meal was not put in the system .
i'm not really fond of writing sub par reviews .
it's not like they were busy .
we just left and went to hard rock cafe .
ive never had even mediocre service there .
the food was gross .
here 's the downfall .
food didn't look appetizing .
i would stay away from there drink specials .
sad to say but they returned it .
needless to say i was so disappointed .
wow , what a disappointment !
i was not impressed with this place .
that did not sit well with me .
lastly , the drinks were watered down .
my chicken sandwich was dry and uninspired .
otherwise , don't see myself coming back .
the service was attentive , but not overbearing .
the service was terrible .
worst experience as a mom ever !
we would not go back .
overpriced tasteless food with a poor beer selection .
boy was i wrong !
i ordered the chicken sandwich with sprouts and avocado .
nothing more , nothing less .
tried some chips and salsa too .
no need to return ever again .
not on my list for a quick return .
sitting outside is nice but the speakers are annoying .
they didn't even send a manager over .
we will not be back .
it was good but overcooked by two levels .
i may not be back .
the beer selection is weak at best .
will avoid in the future .
worst service i've ever had ( literally ) .
just an overall terrible experience .
the milk was bad !
the beef was rubbery and had an off flavor .
the au jus was flavorless .
it was good but nothing worth going crazy over .
my biggest complaint with this restaurant was the service .
it just rubbed me the wrong way .
not much flavor and a dry bun .
that is just gross .
they brought them to me very quickly .
who doesn't have slaw with a reuben .
also , no kosher pickle .
in fact , no pickle .
went in on a very slow wednesday night .
the experience itself was awful !
she didn't check on refills .
the roll they use for the burgers are awful !
there was nothing going on inside .
this is why the mall gets all the business .
is there a way to give zero stars ?
absolutely one of the worst cab companies imaginable .
never calling yellow cab again .
dispatch informed someone would arrive .
this is the worst cab service i ever experienced .
the site gave me a confirmation number .
i would not recommend this company .
the problem seems to be from the supervisor down .
you do not get to speak to a manager .
they refuse to come to the phone .
can i give these guys zero stars ?
the driver ripped me off !
it sure won't be yellow cab .
driver was very rude .
he was very rude .
this is the worst cab company in whole world .
way too many fucking issues .
he doesnt fucking understand i dont have time .
i would give them a negative star if possible .
yellow cab taxi is rip off !
i wouldn't recommend them to , my worst enemy .
i will never use yellow cab again .
very poor customer service .
it's now past my original reservation time .
no apologies for the confusion , no explanation .
he refuses to switch it .
what a train wreck .
avoid yellow cab like the plague .
you guys wonder why everyone is switching to uber ?
it was a mistake .
i was craving pizza .
i do not recommend .
it was all down hill from there though .
perhaps i just had a bad room .
but i can name a few bad ones !
rooms and bathrooms are small .
overall opinion : not worth the money .
the valet didn't have a name tag .
no hot water in the morning .
sorry hotel san carlos .
so , don't stay here if you have options .
he was very personable and helpful .
i was not pleased to hear this .
that 's just my fault .
maybe snap your fingers too .
that 's the problem .
( yes , that is a legit excuse . )
( for me , not the hotel staff . )
the worst part is the " manager " .
this hotel was awful .
no hot water ( are you kidding ?
do not stay here .
no ac - this is phoenix !
she also won't call me back .
entire lack of professionalism and courtesy .
gross , just gross .
this hotel is horrible !
ok , now the bad part .
that 's how thin the walls are btw .
unfortunately , we were fairly disappointed .
however , we won't be going again .
gross old hotel - not charming in any way .
the furniture was chipped and the walls were dingy .
again , poor management and customer service .
the hotel san carlos does not do that .
we are not talking shabby chic .
there is no customer service here .
i booked it because it was cheap .
the price was not worth the product .
none in the bathroom !
no counter in the bathroom .
the valet drives up in his personal car .
the walls are thin .
there is no room service .
internet is very spotty and makes working incredibly frustrating .
the pool was ice cold .
why would it even be off ?
she would not give us a discount .
single worst experience i've ever had at a hotel .
do not get jessica .
but i didn't need anything else done .
what a waste of time !
horrible experience @ this ihop .
won't make that mistake again .
this place does not even deserve one star .
poor , slow service .
and the manager just blew off the mistakes .
that is not natural .
no more ihop for me .
the service here , is sooo bad !
this place was very unclean .
i wish i never came here !
but this place is horrible .
i feel the manager had no control .
i was really angry at this time .
i could wait to leave .
not the best tip either .
don't go here , drive to another ihop .
another 15-20 minutes goes by .
went here this morning not really craving breakfast .
he tells me they are out of ranch dressing .
my french toast was poorly made and soggy .
it did not reach my satisfaction .
the waitress said " no " .
she was not happy .
management and service is very poor .
literally , everybody 's order was messed up .
asked for manager and no manager ever came .
this place is ridiculous .
she didn't like her food either .
the rice and beans were nothing special .
the tacos were oily and bland .
the beans and rice were not much better .
nothing special or authentic here .
i don't get it .
you can decide for yourself which to pick .
i don't want cheddar cheese on my mexican food .
i don't want jack in the box style tacos .
if not , i suggest you skip it .
sadly , i was not impressed .
the beans were tasteless as well .
will not be going back .
she said there is nothing less spicy than that .
the food wasn't good either .
the beans and the rice were just not good .
don't understand what restaurant the other reviewers went to .
i am totally shocked that people like this restaurant .
the salsa wasn't salsa at all just hot sauce .
the guacamole tasted watered down and tasteless .
the cafeteria type setting was also sub-par .
unfortunately , i don't know his name !
it's not free refills fyi !
they start you off with chips and salsa .
nothing worth dying for .
the chicken taco and enchilada were ok.
my tostada was soggy .
like , i might throw up everything i ate .
are you kidding me ?
there was no soul in this food .
the chips and salsa were just okay .
the chips were a little stale and over salted .
i feel like this was just a fluke experience .
not authentic in the least .
very disappointed in the quality of the food .
not to mention they offer hard tacos .
really disappointing customer service experience .
not a good answer - not great customer service .
my other co-worker did not fare nearly as well .
stopped by during a brief trip to the area .
took two bites and asked for our money back .
it was truly horrible tasting .
go taco bell its better .
the carne asada tacos were gross .
the beans were runny and tasted bad .
i will not be back here again .
their meat was overcooked and flavorless .
even their tortillas were bad !
it should be illegal to sell food this bad !
even the tortilla wasn't cooked all the way .
it was horrible and i won't ever be back .
never once did i hear my number be called .
are you freaking kidding me ?
there was no apologies from anyone .
i didn't even want the food by then .
are they hard shell or soft shell ?
why did they put lettuce and cheese on them ?
the shredded beef was mushy , no flavor .
chicken texture was ok , but no flavor .
only chicken , carne asada or fish .
the meat was just okay nothing stands out .
don't waste your time here .
sadly , the meat was really bad .
chicken " works " giant burrito .
lots of beans but not enough chicken .
thus place is going down hill .
the chicken is also tasteless and not grilled anymore .
the chicken was somewhat dry and lacked flavor .
chicken tacos were not very good .
gigantic burrito was not very good .
probably won't be back again .
they lost a long time loyal customer today .
it is dry and flavorless .
sauce is flat and lacks flavor .
much like grocery store packaged sushi .
the edamame was the worst i have ever had .
really , avoid these !
the crab puffs were nice though .
and , i also hate leaving negative reviews .
not worth your time at all !
avoid the teriyaki chicken !
it's really , really bad .
unless all you have is a tape player .
and a crap salad . )
i don't want to listen to that crap ever .
the service is overall bad .
my cup was empty most of the meal .
this place desperately wants to upscale .
they also don't have facial tattoos .
but of course they were doughy and meh .
i flagged one of the bartenders down .
me : " excuse me ? "
yes , i am cut off .
not worth the stop .
the fish was bland .
it wasn't worth the work and mess .
however , the italian nachos were just plain disgusting .
i really wanted to like this place .
such a terrible experience .
the most pathetic looking chicken nacho came out first .
she ate hers i sent mine back .
there was no demanding there .
pass the word don't go to this establishment .
are you kidding me ?
cant see it staying open too long .
actually , why do i care ?
are you kidding me ?
the food ain't that good .
i said no thanks .
i wish i could say the same about fate .
unfortunately , that wasn't so .
to put it simply , he thought it sucked .
ordered a chicken thing that was marginal .
and a beef ( leather ) thing with noodles .
the service didn't suck , but close .
less flavorful and not as authentic .
i want to like fate but i just don't .
holy mother of chicken , christmas and rice .
the ambiance is cool but it doesn't justify it .
sadly , fate falls apart in its execution .
he is barely a line cook .
the food is horrible .
boo : no substitutions .
no sauce on the side .
i do not give a rat 's ass .
the same server never came by twice .
it was just awful !
not so this last time .
the food was awful .
why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked ?
we walk and we walk and nothing .
the sauce was soupy .
the noodles were not pad thai noodles .
but there 's no way that 's pad thai .
i am sad to see this place die out .
i really want to like this place .
unfortunately the service is terrible .
the food so , not so great .
food here is greasy and old .
you can't get a bartender like her anywhere !
just wish the food was better !
that fuzzy stuff is probably 10+ years of dust .
overall , just o.k .
i couldn't blame my add on it .
there was more staff standing around than patrons .
soft and cheesy , the beans saved the day .
seriously the food is really bad .
should my beans be orange ?
they didn't even offer sangria .
sat inside for ten minutes with no service .
none of the veggies had been dressed or seasoned .
it's really not that hard .
i'm not sure what everybody raves about .
the giant horse scared me !
i'm just not a fan of cold sausage .
walking in we were greeted by terrible music .
there were no descriptions of any of the food .
they didn't know what was in the items .
the food was not good .
the chicken was boiled and had no seasoning .
it was the worst shawarma i have ever had .
however , the potato salad was tasty .
sadly , it just wore us out .
too expensive for a hole in the wall .
i didn't even have a single bite .
that killed my appetite .
also the place looked like a dump .
the ceiling looked like it had water damage .
the whole place was trashy looking .
bottom line don't pee in the cup .
the phoenix light rail is a huge disappointment .
paradise bakery is disappointing in a few ways .
second , the caesar salad is horrible .
also the croutons are not very tasty either .
bad food , worse service .
the waitress was hot , though .
but it was like pulling teeth to get more .
the chicken was so dry and chewy .
i didn't hate it , but didn't love it .
nothing too fancy or exciting .
why didn't i check yelp first ?
almost couldn't even sit down to go .
( yuck ) ok on to the rest .
it was so bland .
i was starving and couldn't even finish it .
the tortilla soup was really bad .
overall , there are much better choices .
salsa , canned , fake and simply unacceptable .
the rice , meh , but edible .
the place was bad news from the very beginning .
somewhat slow service and the food was only so-so .
waitress didn't even ask how my food was .
because she knew it sucked .
nasty margarita and awful service .
not truly flavorful , nothing truly distinct .
these are the worst tamales that i remember eating .
and i am an awful cook !
a mexican restaurant without con queso is crazy !
rice is too bland and the beans are ok .
but it's not there yet .
i ordered the chicken deep fried tacos .
i really wasn't impressed .
the tortilla wasn't crispy enough .
not a good meat to veggie to tortilla ratio .
the food was not good .
then we had a hard time finding our waiter .
the food was mediocre .
felt that this was very generic .
i won't be going back .
the chips were very watery .
as i'm writing i'm tasting the guacamole .
the shrimp tacos are mediocre at best .
don't eat here when it's busy .
today it was horrible .
this was the worst mexican restaurant i have ever .
she threw up later that night .
who can mess up a burrito .
even taco bell can do a better job .
and the worst service ever .
don't waste your time .
will not be going again .
do not do business with this company .
cons : poor customer service .
avoid at all costs .
when you order something , you shouldn't get another .
i hate chicken and i got it anyway .
anyway , it wasn't even that good .
and it made me sick .
i don't totally blame baja though .
fatty meat low quality with inflated prices .
stay away from this hooters .
bad food , bad service .
not hot at all ) .
the wings are tiny and completely overcooked .
i do not recommend these at all .
i do not recommend these at all .
i do not recommend these at all .
overpriced food with shady looking waitresses .
first parking is a nightmare .
not the best hooters but definitely not the worst .
brittany , you are a terrible waitress .
i asked for ranch and never got it .
no one asked us this .
it was actually pretty empty by then .
my wings weren't even that great .
stopped here for a late night snack .
wish i could select zero stars !
possibly the worse service ever .
possibly the worse service ever .
should of been a zero star rating .
never going to any hooters again .
i had it elsewhere in multiple states from hooters .
the lady stated that it was breaded and grilled .
not a service friendly place .
i'm seriously feeling like i've been cheated .
this was really disappointing .
no one at front desk to sit us .
finally try to get a waitress .
they have crappy wings anyway .
we were starving and thirsty for a cold drink .
but she must have confused us for someone else .
super soggy and just absolutely terrible .
honestly , i am extremely disappointed .
the negative reviews didn't lie .
wings are super hard and have no meat .
bad service , worse food .
i would not recommend this place .
the chicken was awful on the salad .
i put my salad in the trash .
a short walk from the convention center .
food was pretty bad .
the chicken itself was mcdonald 's quality .
there are so many empty tables .
the staff is really overwhelmed for no reason .
will never go back to this hooters .
why would anyone pay money for food like this ?
overcooked pasta , check .
not my deal , though .
avoid at all costs .
the salad was mostly dismal .
surely it is not at the old spaghetti factory .
both times service has been horrible .
i really don't like tomatoes in caesar salad .
lastly the wine selection is pathetic .
once she showed up , it wasn't completely horrible .
this added garlic , mushrooms and bacon .
the portions were smaller than i remembered .
rather than send it back i kept the salad .
i didn't know my spaghetti came with sausage .
probably the worst italian food i've ever had !
how do you mess up italian food that bad ?
i'll begin with the food .
the restaurant has lost its class .
just about everyone else was dissatisfied with their meals .
quality and service is terrible here .
this is a pretty lame review actually .
fine , two reasons to hate it .
a joke of a salad .
husband was equally disappointed with his chicken marsala .
chances of going back are slim to none .
our server was prompt and our drinks came quickly .
all in all a very disappointing meal .
my entree was really disappointing .
not as good as an olive garden .
again , horrible service !
i do not recommend .
the food was worse than fast food .
broccoli tasted old , like really old .
sadly , even their bread wasn't all that flavorful .
what a rip off .
flavorless and not worth the cost .
mine came back a mess .
the marinara sauce on everything we ordered was bland .
either way no excuse to serve what they served .
food did not come out hot at all .
the food was also average nothing special about it .
the guest are broke , or old .
they're here for a cheap feeding .
service was ok , nothing special .
crap from a can .
but not an appetizing smell .
one of the worst dining experiences i've ever had .
the salad was soggy too .
he would disappear for 10-15 between each action .
i got the chicken parmigiana with fettuccine alfredo .
garlic bread and complementary bread were pretty good .
very hard to eat more than a couple bites .
" unfortunately we're low on servers . "
i probably won't go back to find out .
our server , michael was awesome .
totally lost my appetite !
went here to meet a friend for lunch .
did not like the food at all .
flavor was very disappointing .
the food horrible i should have made my own .
food just was not that good .
our food was as miserable as the service .
i couldn't even get my water refilled .
don't waste your time or you money going here .
the only good thing was the decor .
the hostess was terrible at her job .
i'm going to miss it the way it was .
talked to the hostess and they don't care .
sad and pitiful really .
this was probably the single worst place we've eaten .
don't waste your time or money .
just left here , will not be back .
artichoke dip was all oil , no cheese .
i will not be going back .
my sandwich wasn't terrible , just ok .
stale bread , dry sandwich , no flavor .
cashier was grumpy with a bad attitude .
i went , that 's it , i'm done .
that screams out " filler " .
there was pico de gallo which wasn't too bad .
despite my beer being empty .
tonight was the last time .
i was also really disappointed by the menu .
however , the food and service are lacking .
i wish this place were better !
however , both were terrible .
my friends burger was also lackluster and flavorless .
quit the food , up the drinks .
the cuban pork was mediocre at best .
the blt - only okay at best .
and just a handful of stale chips .
also , it was so bland .
needless to say we won't be visiting ever again .
the service was horrible .
but the whole situation was handled poorly .
really sets a bad example for phx events .
disappointed and won't be back .
i was sooo excited to find your place .
wtf kind of crap is that ?
i was not impressed with my meal .
i can't speak of the cobbler though .
the hours of operation seem just random for one .
i'm just saying , it was a bit insulting .
stupid is as stupid does i guess .
avoid at all cost !
worst car wash ever .
i get the same bs everytime i go .
not sure i'll be going back .
this place has really gone down over the years .
i'm only giving one star because i have too .
my jeep was beyond dirty on the outside .
i was very disappointed in the work they did .
my seats were not vacuumed .
they gave me vanilla .
i will never go to this place again .
do not go here .
what a waste of time .
what the hell kind of business are you running ?
unfortunately i will not be back .
if i could do negative stars i would .
what the hell kind of business are you running ?
they were also hostile and blamed me for it .
they were so rude .
no big deal i thought .
took them almost an hour to wash my car .
i was not told that .
the car wash itself is ok .
this used to be my favorite place .
the slowest , mediocre car wash in phoenix .
slowest car wash ever .
this place definitely lacks good customer service and organization .
they will never see a dime from me ever .
they better miss me with that bullshit .
plus the ticket lady was very unprofessional .
why are they such jerks ?
bread was cold and stale .
pastrami was nothing special .
quality was okay and food is kind of bland .
just finished my first trip to the downtown deli .
so , so sad !
so no comment on the structure or service .
very uninspired in all foods i have tasted .
my only down note is on the service .
this place is just ok in my book .
i went back and tried it again .
we stopped in for lunch last week .
and my husband selected the greek chicken marinara .
thanks , but no thanks .
it is a void .
the sandwiches were dry and not very good .
the food is just bad .
my chicken sandwich was dry .
i don't know how this place stays in business .
the menu is so limited .
would you like chicken or chicken ?
chicken in a pita ?
chicken on some lettuce ?
chicken rolled in a tortilla ?
and the pita chips are bland !
instead , their food is bland .
oh , and they didn't burn my sandwich alright .
it looked like it would be great !
flavors were good , nothing special .
( still i'm strangely addicted to it ) .
also , the restaurant is just dirty .
my intention is not to get free stuff .
that being said , here is my update .
unnecessary , i tell him , but nice touch .
i was pretty excited to try this place .
the pita was hard around the edges .
it could have been just a rare bad day .
not bad , but not the best .
floor was a mess as were tables .
i would not recommend it to anyone .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
the met apartments are not energy efficient !
this is the most understaffed subway in phx .
it was not very busy .
worst subway in the history of the world .
their sandwiches really are n't all that healthy .
i didn't feel the holy spirit there at all .
i wouldnt call this a salsa club .
it looked ok , i liked the outside patio ?
i more than likely will not go back .
now i can not stand to listen to it .
it's sad how few options actually presented themselves .
we didn't feel like parking again .
but service unfortunately has been a regular issue .
but unfortunately - i can't .
a hard rock scottsdale would be way cooler .
today was the worst , though .
i didn't mind my overpriced drink that visit .
i don't really know why .
never great , never bad .
in fact , we should already be closed . "
last night 's dinner was no different .
meanwhile glasses sat empty on the table .
the fries were bland .
and nothing i had was good .
did not come completely mixed and barely pink .
it is small and boring inside .
save your money and find somewhere else to dine .
this hard rock is really nothing special .
overpriced and mediocre food at best .
who doesn't want a hard rock cafe phoenix shirt ?
not worth the wait .
it just felt kind of depressing .
he clearly couldn't care less .
- the music videos they play are awful .
the mac n ' cheese was nothing special .
the service was beyond poor .
meat was a step above over cooked .
the manager was not willing to listen either .
a very bad experience .
terrible service on a saturday night !
oh and the food was bad all around .
bad layout of the main floor .
go to arrogant butcher .
get your act together , hard rock !
we return to see the food taken away .
i was completed disappointed .
our server was mediocre .
so weird they wouldn't allow .
everything from the service to the food was terrible .
bar tender is on speed and sucks .
everything else was a poor experience .
also , this place is way too small .
very crowded , making for an uncomfortable experience .
this place is ridiculous !
i have family visiting from out of town .
she was rude , curt and generally unfriendly .
will not be returning .
and the manager was so rude to everyone .
the staff is rude and all standing around talking .
this is the short bus of all mcdonald 's .
four , and this is the worst .
are you freaking kidding me ?
this is fast food not your local coffee shop .
the hash browns are gross .
it was a terrible experience in every possible way .
got ta remember not to return here ever !
don't even bother coming here .
but unfortunately that did not happen .
total waste of time .
worst mcdonald 's i've ever been to .
they also quite frequently mess up our orders .
staff doesn't seem to care .
sonic down the street from now on .
just doesn't scream exciting to me .
phoenix downtown is boring overall .
very nice facility , easy to get around .
( don't eat at tortillas . )
the atmosphere is stale and the service adequate .
i will not visit jordan 's again .
so i said i need another doctor then .
friendly service and clean but boring , bland ambiance .
nothing like the location at town and country .
try the breakfast club across the street .
i get voice mail and nothing else .
waiting 15-20 minutes is ridiculous .
very disappointed and will not be back .
it didn't take that long to cook .
nothing compares to it !
but if your craving one , don't come here .
the whole thing is incredibly bland and flavorless .
i got the chicken tenders and they were awful .
the french fries were soggy .
looked dead so didn't even try .
this place was sooo empty !
the restaurants here are mediocre and somewhat boring .
everything else is sit down with waiter service .
too quote a famous movie " iceberg ahead !
it's pretty dead , with lots of empty shops .
won't be wasting our time here again .
no more , no more !
this is just sad .
i blame the ridiculous payment required parking structure .
that 's a shame .
terrible , terrible service .
sloppy work - uneven filing , polish uneven .
impersonal and rude service .
will not go back .
the manager didn't even offer to comp my service .
i was so disappointed in this nail salon .
but it was not .
don't talk to me like i'm twelve .
i am not one to write bad reviews .
then the finished product was crappy .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
this was a waste of money and especially time !
they don't care for good customers .
and when i say yelled i mean yelled .
it was freaking horrible .
but she did not .
do not go to this place !
if i could give zero stars i would .
the ambiance is horrible .
at this point i was really annoyed .
the pedicure was painful .
customer service was poor and they were rude .
this place is awful .
but the lady who did mine was just awful .
i do not recommend this place .
this was a horrible experience !
she was extremely rude .
not relaxing at all .
horrible , horrible experience .
there is a reason this salon was empty .
i would have never gone into their shop .
went in for a pedicure and was disappointed .
i won't be back .
worst nail place i've ever been to .
the rolls are way too over priced .
not a good sign for a sushi place .
i am not new to sushi .
i would never go back to this place .
the service was horrible .
the experience was very off .
both visits weren't good .
i'm just not a fan period .
i can't recommend this place and wouldn't go back .
sushi rolls were terrible !
oh my lord , it was a disaster .
i ordered the tempura dinner and was very disappointed .
the customer service is awful just to start .
i order sushi and the taste wasn't fresh .
poor choices of sides ( e.g .
i will never go in this restaurant again .
oh i don't know what the big deal is .
sorry , honey bears .
ok , i'll admit , phoenix has terrible bbq .
sides are completely forgettable .
i can't give the sandwich a passing grade .
people who enjoy good bbq should avoid this place .
but even that can not be true .
just not impressed at all .
the pork was dry with no smokey flavor .
the chicken was drenched in sauce hiding the flavor .
overpriced and nothing special of this bbq chicken sandwich .
the one central is not good .
food was good but service was less than stellar .
now , this wasn't some big styrofoam container .
there wasn't anything that screamed " have seconds ! "
but the big problem were the ribs .
also the men 's room wasn't too clean either .
maybe i've flown too high .
the cole slaw was ok , just bland .
it wasn't even worth getting my money back .
the links had no taste except were very spicy .
not a fan of this location .
ordered the pork sandwich and the bread was stale .
this place has dry .
very sad pulled pork sandwich .
the bbq sauce was lacking in consistency and flavor .
the cheese in the mac was a bit thin .
there are better places to spend my money .
boy was i disappointed and embarrassed .
all trash cans were full and stacked with plates .
went to central ave location .
i never like to see a business fail .
dam i am mad .
this is just very bad bbq and poor service .
will not be going back .
my wife may go back but i never will !
noticed most other customers were waiting too .
so the rude cashier looks over and says what .
go away we don't want your money !
i've tried their other food and its terrible .
the fried chicken and catfish had absolutely no flavor .
the bread is cold and soggy .
anything else and you'll be really disappointed .
the sandwich was awful .
i ate the sandwich with a fork instead .
the fries were ok so thats all he ate .
the counter help was extremely rude .
this place has really lost it's touch .
other than that i won't be back .
so it's okay to serve bad food too ?
all he said was oh okay and walked away .
remember i did not place the order .
the worker was not rude but he was indifferent .
i just can't deal with bad service .
the drinks are watered down .
they also ran out of plates .
boiled meat covered in bbq sauce is not bbq .
overall , the food was not so good .
tolerable but not satisfying at all .
don't get me wrong .
i didn't mind too much on how it looked .
unfortunately , we won't be back .
i just wasn't impressed .
it isn't so expensive that i would mind .
horrible customer service at this location .
it's like they hate other black people .
customer service is always creepy .
they do not cater to their own folks .
the cheap bun doesn't support the sauce .
i guess i should 've read the reviews first .
i threw half of it away .
the meat itself smelled horrible .
literally a faint odor of dog food .
the service was , umm , strange .
not friendly or unfriendly .
had n't been in such a long time .
the meat was flavorless .
the bottom bun was practically liquid .
my husband didn't want to eat his pork .
so disappointing ( and expensive ) .
worst bbq i every experience .
this place is garbage .
the meat was bland , tasteless .
not filling at all .
tacky tables with bus stop ads in them .
bbq sauce is nothing to write home about .
i'm extremely disappointed that i wasted my money here .
i think the meats are boiled and not smoked .
the meat had no flavor whatsoever not even salt .
i gave it one star because of the fries .
sub-par pulled pork sandwich .
no real bbq ( smokey ) taste .
bbq sauce was nothing special .
i won't be back .
prices are too high for standard fare .
speaking of service , let 's not .
you lost a long time customer and fan .
strangely rude and condescending .
it ruined our experience and vibe of the place .
poor service , poor choices .
disappointing to say the least .
we left confused by the entire experience .
when the plate came they were not on it .
this time a waste of time and money .
just not worth the money .
the risotto it was served with was terrible .
it was hard and just not appealing .
i won't be back .
was not impressed at all .
the polenta was too thick and a bit cold .
will not be back .
and then never returned to take my order .
i was just at a wine dinner tonight .
went here for easter brunch .
that is not a caesar salad .
that is not bruschetta .
the prickly pear margarita was very small .
i was disappointed in all our selections .
neither dish had much flavor .
overall , i was disappointed .
it was not cool to even be in there .
go not go there for tastings !
obviously these people know nothing about wine pairings .
do not go to this restaurant !
unfortunately , they are out of business .
in fact , its just pretty generic .
i find nothing appealing about this place .
but nothing to get myself worked up about .
the bread and bacon were practically dripping in grease .
the food is bland .
the big unit -- bland .
that 's one disappointing appetizer .
the corn beef on my sandwich was tough .
it was dead inside .
it was the worst margarita i've ever had .
surprisingly small size portion cut very thin .
the service was suck though .
not worth the drive from nor phx .
good food - but horrible service .
when we were , we ordered beer and wine .
our waiter dropped off my boyfriend 's beer .
it was not the one he ordered .
so , he ordered another beer .
the only good thing about our experience .
we were very very very unhappy with our visit .
dry fish , cheddar cheese and lemon ?
this place i had mixed feeling about .
i went here with my friend for lunch .
it wasn't organized at all .
i was very disappointed and will not return here .
first thing the hours and parking situation are terrible .
finally had our chance and we were disappointed .
it was bad , i was expecting nathan 's !
our service was not any better .
a little too late .
but , the food , that is another story .
hot dog was flavorless and chilli was bland .
anyway , along comes the food .
we couldn't even hear each other talking .
the restrooms are not clean .
after a while it gets annoying .
i was really disappointed at my experience here .
the big disappointment , though , was the food .
welcome to alice 's overpriced tourist trap nightmare !
food is expensive and totally tasteless .
the fish fry and fish tacos were the worst .
dont fall for the trap like me !
don't go there unless you are very patient .
my salad was disgusting , to be frank .
go for a beer but not a meal .
firstly the food was horrible .
are you freaking kidding me.
what the hell kind of response is that ?
i ordered a turkey sandwich .
don't waste your time or money !
non attentive staff , very rude bartender .
left before getting waited on !
the place was packed too .
you don't have any bottles back there ?
- the restrooms are like gas station restrooms .
- service is slow .
overall , not a good experience .
service is slow & totally apathetic .
unfortunately there were no grilled veggies in it !
that makes it really simple for everyone .
as for drinks , they really are just overpriced .
i know they have rent , i get it .
so , service was bad .
complete and total let down .
alice cooper , you should be ashamed .
there was basically zero wait staff .
there was no wait service - at all .
the kids deserve so much better .
the food was dry and the employees horrible !
the club sandwich was dry and lacked flavor .
my buffalo chicken wrap was minus the buffalo !
my wrap wasn't even hot .
way too much batter on the wings .
typical selection of beers and drinks .
i choose the fries and the nightmare chili .
it was an extremely disappointing dining experience .
i ate them and it filled my stomach .
first time i actually checked in on yelp .
this is just a noisy sports bar .
but otherwise , meh , i've experienced better .
what a waste of money !
needless to say , we will never return !
bbq meat tasted old .
been there plenty of times before .
all visits alright , not exceptional though .
obviously , i had lost my appetite .
this time was worse then before .
but he didn't do anything until we complained .
mike , the bartender , waited on me .
nothing really stood out with my meal .
everything was pretty mediocre .
won't be back when visiting again .
rude , slow and unorganized hostess staff .
what a complete waste of time .
no wait time , seated us fast .
what did i miss to receive the crap service .
i ordered a salad with grilled chicken .
half the chicken was cold and half was warm .
i didn't even get my food order !
in alice cooper i do not trust .
the waitress and/or kitchen got our order wrong .
really not anything special .
so it's an ok place & glad i went .
not much else to say about this place .
finally got a table and the waitress was awful .
the food was not good .
i really wouldn't recommend this place .
maybe get a beer but not the food .
the rest of the meats were serve cold .
only to be completely let down .
it was burnt and embarrassing to receive .
a little ghetto in areas .
the waitress was not attentive to our drinks .
unfortunately my experience was less than par .
looks like i went to the wrong place .
it was edible , but not enjoyable .
this place is not even mediocre .
this one little thing would improve this place immensely .
quick and easy , not good and cheap .
talk about bad mexican food .
won't be going back .
after the game we stopped again , same thing .
pretty terrible all around .
only redeeming quality was patron shots .
but tonight two really disappointing things happened .
very sad to think it was taken .
i would not order the two taco lunch again .
sorry phoenix this " ain't " it .
ok i am biased .
had a terrible time .
the lines were incredibly long .
it could have been a very ugly scene outside .
are you kidding me ?
i would make a fortune , i'm sure .
do not stay here .
the hostess was equally clueless .
the place was only a third full at most .
no reason for the extremely poor service .
can't wait until sliders opens for the season !
this tgi fridays is an epic failure !
worst customer service ever !
i asked where it went and she wasn't sure .
no reason the place is empty !
the place was not busy at all .
not real busy inside .
his attitude was fairly arrogant .
the food was horrible .
don't go here on a game day .
don't waste your money with this place .
no big deal we didn't ask for it .
the chicken appetizer my wife ordered was barely warm .
needless to say - i was not happy !
the food was disappointing and the service was horrible .
saturday night game , no reservation .
first off , there isn't anywhere to wait .
there are no benches or chairs .
it was a mess , with zero organization .
hopefully we have better luck next time .
from the bad service to the bad manners .
absolutely horrible service today .
i was left speechless .
a free desert didn't make this a better experience .
pay attention people or get off yelp .
a lot left to be desired .
i had the bourbon chicken , meh !
their are other options , like hard rock cafe .
she comes off rude and she is a bitch !
worst customer service ever !
welcome to impersonal banking at its lowest .
very unprofessional and rude employees .
this is not sour grapes because of that .
they didn't have one of those bartenders .
overall , we do not recommend this establishment .
i wouldn't stay here again .
my room was dirty .
flat screen tv with standard cable channels .
no fan in the bathroom .
toilet leaked water onto floor .
very loud air conditioning unit .
hallway noise could be heard in the room .
curtains did not fully block out street light .
breakfast selection limited compared to most hotels .
feta or no feta ?
it has little cheese and is not flaky .
anyway , the restaurant pretty much blew .
is he gon na hate it ?
your last name is greek .
well , that was stupid .
not because of the taste .
" it's not offensive . "
- awful gyro meat .
- the sauce was mediocre .
- fries are n't anything special .
save your time & money and go elsewhere .
" this is how a house is built .
the few unique exhibits were very underwhelming .
man , the science center has gone downhill !
first of all , this place is expensive !
how much more boring can an exhibit be ?
i thought that was lame .
it was interesting but i was a little disappointed .
this was god awful .
this was totally lost .
warning -- - don't do it .
there is absolutely no excuse for this .
most disappoint museum experience ever .
in short i wouldn't waste my money here .
so they didn't fail completely .
so why only two stars ?
the employees weren't very friendly .
so not worth paying for , glad i didn't .
the layout of the place is confusing .
nothing really makes sense in the layout .
some didn't work at all .
the heartbeat drum was cute , i guess .
this place has gone down hill .
after two hours , we were done .
couldn't get near the exhibits .
really poor sound control .
( what finish would you chose for your bathroom ?
why does any child care about that ? )
and any additional attractions are more money .
went early and could not see the displays .
it's a shame it only caters to children .
past that age , and they would be bored .
turns out the feature wasn't playing .
went to renew membership and left happy i didn't .
ppl like michelle work at the az science center .
i'm assuming michelle just doesn't like kids .
i would not recommend this company .
my car became disabled in my garage .
doesn't anybody give good customer service anymore ?
shady business practices all around .
my dr 's ma , was loud and obnoxious !
i don't recommend going to this pizza hut .
this was such a rip off .
i ordered two medium sized pizza with thin crust .
and get your teeth cleaned !
is your stomach hurting ?
the care we received was substandard .
we didn't feel comfortable in their care .
would have preferred not to have dealt with residents .
no " excuse me " or anything !
these people don't care about anyone especially the elderly .
it's not sanitary and the staff is very rude .
i would never get care here .
the quality of care is very poor .
i wasn't sure of what to do about it .
avoid this hospital at all costs !
rooms were small , uncomfortable and unbelievably dirty .
i was given a blanket that smell very badly .
again poor communication and rude staff were present there .
actually i would not encourage anyone to go here .
that seems so biased and very misleading !
i didn't even recognize any of the former employees .
i'm sure you will leave disappointed .
two thumbs down to this lemon !
boy , was i sorry .
it was so disgusting i couldn't even eat it .
no greeting , no smile , no eye contact .
they just don't give a damn .
very odd and not really nice at all .
no complaints at all .
i'm not difficult to please .
i was surprised how mediocre it was .
even the margarita just wasn't that flavorful .
the food was oily and the service sucked .
food is still great but the service was terrible !
we were very disappointed .
that and the service was not good .
have had better and also worse .
but check your bill before paying .
that doesn't sit well in my book .
the experience started out lousy .
the food is horrible !
no sizzling hot skillet here !
the rice was super bland and had no flavor .
the salsa was weird .
even the chips was bland !
once seated , it took forever to get service .
after this , i was never going back !
again , hard to get service .
food was very mediocre .
hashbrowns came out with no color and soggy .
tamales were old and tough as leather .
the service was bad .
the waitress had a bad attitude .
the waitress was also difficult to find .
it was different , but it didn't taste good .
i won't be going back .
the reason why is because their service is terrible .
i just hate getting ripped off .
how hard is it to screw up a taco ?
they are all rude !
this guy is awful .
he told me nothing was wrong with me .
this man cares nothing about your pain .
the showers and bathrooms are completely disgusting .
i would have rather relieved myself outdoors .
it was painful to see .
the food is also disgusting .
even the oatmeal is gross .
don't even say that in-n-out is better .
the meat was dry and lacking an particular flavour .
i tired it and that is enough .
amongst the worst fast food burgers .
easily the worst bun on earth .
it's far , far , far worse than that .
how the heck could anybody like this place ?
i'd rather give my money to another business .
wondering if it was made last dinner rush .
i was really excited to finally try whataburger .
more like what a disappointment .
maybe it was just too hyped .
take the good with the bad .
the chips were stale .
so why only two star ?
parking was very limited due to the construction .
one star is far more than they deserve .
the owner ruined the entire experience .
the part where this goes bad is the management .
i wouldn't stay here again if you paid me .
this time it was not .
my advice to phoenix visitors , avoid this place .
a co-worker was very disappointed also .
it's not that great .
it was dry and it tasted like paper .
i knew immediately that something was wrong .
i really don't think i'll be back .
but our burritos were not great .
i don't understand why people eat here .
i got the shredded chicken and the carnitas tacos .
soft corn tortillas , of course .
i was never called back , emailed , nothing .
i had a few bites and lost my appetite .
i won't be going back .
but whatever i order seems boring and uninspired .
and the rice still tasted more steamed than fried .
i have not been back since .
as for the main dishes , they lack taste .
nothing was good , i'm sad to report .
the chicken was hard and the sauce wasn't good .
it was just not a good experience .
the chicken egg roll was very greasy .
my main dish was the cashew chicken .
it was hot , but tasteless .
gross , gross , gross .
with several pathetic pieces of onions .
this is not chinese food .
my third timing coming .
i will not be back .
food is unfortunately mediocre not what we thought .
i ordered the shrimp lo mein with lobster sauce .
for crying out loud , ramen ?
the restaurant was set up kinda weird .
the place could use a little updating and tlc .
well , this hot and sour soup was disgusting .
worst customer service ever .
don't bother with this place .
people die in surgery centers .
no problem , just schedule me for another appointment .
they do not return phone calls or emails .
this is a disgrace .
cook sitting on the counter dirty .
flies on the lip of the water pitcher dirty .
why let that ruin my lunch ?
the burger was dry and not tasty .
don't waste your time .
not my favorite , but fries are fries .
it was dropping and the bun got instantly soggy .
we will not be back .
this place is a hell hole .
would i be back ?
really good looking menu but the execution really failed .
yes , an hour and forty total .
my burger was good but the fries were awful .
service was non-existent so we were ignored .
will not frequent this location again .
you can't pay me to come back there .
drinking , drinking , drinking .
there is zero energy .
was i expecting too much ?
it was the most depressing experience .
this is clearly where strippers go to die .
the place was surprisingly active for a wednesday afternoon .
like , where the hell did they come from ?
i dont think i'd ever get a dance here .
the girls here are downright disgusting .
save the time and trouble and go elsewhere .
yes , this place is hood .
total and epic fail .
shame on me i guess .
i was informed a doctor would call me back.
i wouldnt consider this a horrible place .
four hours pass and no call .
nine days pass and no call .
she is certainly not in the correct profession .
this visit was nothing more than q & a .
tears would not stop .
it was pretty gross .
what a horrible horrible place .
the general staff are completely incompetent and unhelpful .
it is not a dentist office !
are you kidding me ?
do not get your car fixed here !
used this company through my appliance warranty .
not at all true .
bad reviews here and other sites are well earned .
all of their service contacts are horrible .
tech was not interested at all about the install .
hearing this i left my uniform there .
there was no help for them in any way .
i am not comfortable doing that anywhere .
so i am lost of what to say .
did not live up to the hype .
this place didn't want our business .
i won't go back .
cons : abysmal customer service .
inventory control needs some help .
then you might be screwed .
the repair service is terrible .
by taking too much of the outside covering off .
first my shipping error , now this .
cost was too expensive .
the salsa was just ok .
not much flavor in the shrimp or fish .
i'd rather stick to rubio 's for tacos .
nothing to make me want to return .
two stars for poor customer service .
it's none of your business and quite rude .
this rainbow led to disappointment .
sorry to tell ya my fellow yelpers !
unfortunately , the owner was rude and indifferent .
i just had the worst experience at red .
it felt more like an overpriced museum .
i'll never waste my time there again .
i was so excited to check out this store .
worst clinic i have every experienced .
they are too big and give patients false hope .
don't rely on them scheduling you correctly .
everytime i would go they had someone new .
the chips and salsa were decent but nothing special .
overall a very disappointing experience .
we complained to the waitress but nothing was done .
the service was not the best either .
my taco and tostada were just alright .
gut bomb was more like it .
i won't be back .
the meal wasn't terrible , but easily forgettable .
all in all , a disappointing lunch .
the breakfast burrito was particularly boring .
won't be coming here again .
the chairs didn't break when we sat on them .
but this one is always short staffed .
she was not providing service to other customers .
there was literally trash and food all over .
we just walked out .
however , our biggest problem was the service .
she cleaned off a table and sat us .
the prices is not $ should be $ $ .
horrible horrible horrible service !
wasn't even busy today !
the prescriptions are not filled when promised .
they lost one that took me forever to get .
much too sugary with no other flavour .
burger was good , sandwich was very mediocre .
overall , a pretty uncomfortable and disappointing experience .
something is wrong here .
unfortunately , the food doesn't make its marks .
the building itself is adorable .
maybe used to be an old house ?
very quiet , like empty quiet .
but we won't be back for dinner .
two thumbs down ; two thumbs way down .
food is where it goes downhill .
we got the crab cakes which were only mediocre .
my excitement did not last long .
this place is all hype and nothing memorable .
hot dogs = terrible .
too thin and no flavor .
two attempts to get the food we ordered .
not a smooth running process .
but they keep getting the orders wrong !
carrot and raisin salad on the menu ?
really this place was gross .
they need to just scrub the place down .
how can you make a gross blt !
dry , flavorless , terrible .
musty is chic now ? )
the food on the other hand is horrible !
burgers , hot dogs and cold sandwiches .
wrong ice cream , wrong topping .
it looked equally disgusting .
this was my third time and probably last .
the service was terrible .
i won't be back again .
the food is absolutely dreadful .
they are not even trying to make it good .
meaning the shake had no flavor .
but won't return for the food or shakes .
first impression : bad .
dude , just write it down !
we just shrugged it off & ordered .
i was so embarrassed that i picked this place !
i was severely disappointed .
the food was terrible and completely overpriced .
the service was not good .
do not waste your time here .
the food was not good at all .
waitress was not friendly either .
the potato salad hardly had any flavor .
food was mediocre at best .
however , the hard boiled egg was food service .
meats were the cheapest of the cheap .
this is a very short window .
no french fries , just bags of chips .
i had a great visit here .
and the menu isn't online .
a little too dusty for my liking .
first off it is a frozen tasteless pre-made patty .
i hate that taste .
nothing worse than freezer burnt meat .
we won't be going back .
ok , i'm all for dive bars .
the pee smell was just too much .
i have to say i was a bit disappointed .
shame on them for no chips and salsa !
worst mexican disaster to hit planet mid town .
sloppy burrito fold gooey cheese processed beans .
the restaurant has no place to sit indoors .
they have limited hours .
chicken was dried out , and hard .
i went to ranch market !
but there are several checkout lanes .
they sure don't know how to do business .
broken dates of service always has a excuse .
broken dates of service always has a excuse .
no recognition from staff that this is an issue .
don't use this location .
" oh , no problem .
don't do business with this place !
no wonder the warranty was only for a year .
worst hotel ever for this " level . "
the front desk gave us the wrong room key .
it actually opened another room .
underwhelming - attention to detail is lacking .
i did not have a good experience here .
worst front desk staff ever .
the room was barely sufficient .
that 's not an attempt at humor .
the sea bass was gross .
unfortunately , the food was only okay .
way overpriced for the amount of seafood you get .
don't think i'll be going back to this spot .
they didn't taste fresh either .
i don't get all these 4-5 star reviews .
good food but terrible waitresses .
it ruined my entire meal with the family .
the wait for the food was long as well .
there are no baby changing stations in the restroom .
food very mediocre and service was very slow .
but the beans and rice were terrible .
do not buy a vehicle from these people .
horrible place to do business !
" if it is broke , just ignore it .
total rip off kind of people !
i can't imagine doing this to people every day .
ate two bites and moved on .
overall not a good experience .
do not get a car loan from this company .
worst customer service ever !
i agree with ian below as well .
but for me it was too much so .
i just don't get it .
the hype around this place is ridiculous .
what the desert botanical garden has is desert .
the desert botanical garden is just desert .
and i'll go for a hike .
nope , i have n't missed anything .
second visit was as underwhelming .
what a complete waste of money .
sooo not worth it !
service is slow , and not always friendly .
seems the non jeweler has the place figured out .
unfortunately , i had my two kids with me .
i am not that kind of parent .
she was just rude .
because of their bad attitude and rudeness .
i quickly paid and left .
the store itself is filthy .
this is completely unacceptable .
i likely won't be back .
i had the tuna today and it was gross .
they leave ash trays everywhere for anyone to smoke .
the in room dining is mediocre at best .
i'm glad i'm only here two nights .
it was all downhill from there .
i can not recommend this hotel .
the hotel and warn and very out dated .
the carpet in the guest rooms is disgusting .
it's just too much trouble i guess ?
there are two positives .
a little disappointed in this hilton property .
not the best hilton property i stayed at .
find another hilton in phoenix if you can .
needs a major remodel and cleaning job !
come on , hilton , get your act together !
i will not be staying with the hilton again .
unfortunately this room was dated , dirty and noisy !
there 's no standards and no new construction .
it's a crap shoot .
no a/c that works .
glad we left , never again !
it was too sour for my taste buds .
this shouldn't have been their best dish .
i could have cooked better fish .
we were disappointed with the food .
there wasn't much flavor to the food .
that was some seriously dry , bland food .
the pupusas were crazy delicious though .
i would totally return for these .
one of my worst experience ever my eating pupusas .
why would u do that to your own business ?
nothing to brag about .
the doctor i met wasn't that helpful & courteous .
won't recommend this place to anyone .
why is everyone standing around ?
she's the most dishonest employee ever .
too bad it ended there .
don't waste your hard earned money , too .
i had my car serviced here .
a trusted , hard working , friendly auto business .
no problem , i tell them .
would you guess i received no response ?
so i believe him and they fix it too .
i was unsure if i could leave or not .
just terrible , trying to take advantage of people .
goodbye forever , sonic .
the customer service at this sonic is horrible !
i know it's sonic , but c'mon .
it's called low lights people .
guess i'll watch fox from now on .
this abc station is very unprofessional .
this abc station is very unprofessional .
this abc station is very unprofessional .
i can't believe these people .
this abc station is very unprofessional .
i can't believe these people .
this abc station is very unprofessional .
i can't believe these people .
this abc station is very unprofessional .
i can't believe these people .
worst customer service ever .
the main problem is the walls are very thin .
this place is an absolute nightmare .
they , however promised to find me another location .
this property has become and absolute disaster .
if i could give negative stars i would .
the laundry room is always in deplorable conditions .
they are not helpful at all .
i won't be back .
but i wish i stayed at the double tree .
however the service was lacking quite a bit .
they didn't seem very friendly .
i just didn't care for how slow they were .
very bad food and very bad service .
all in all very bad food .
" should i finish this or no ?
a complete waste of money and ruined my day .
for the price , i would expect better service .
the service was not good at all .
they don't care about their customers .
everything else just looked unappetizing due to the presentation .
i couldn't believe it .
they seem to stock old beer .
i guess you dont need my business .
if you are indian you will regret it .
unfortunately , we were let down .
yes , tough chicken .
cold , stale food .
never ever going back .
i had a bad day - don't judge !
don't be lazy staff - dump and start again .
this place is a homeless shelter .
it's nasty in there .
sorry for my long review .
if i could give this zero stars i would .
not a huge selection of books .
don't park your car here while traveling .
situation was handled very poorly by hampton inn management .
maybe i stayed here at a bad time .
dingy , dirty , depressing .
holes in wallpaper , stains on carpet and furniture .
not sure if i can even sleep here .
thankfully , none of my stuff was missing .
what a terrible visit !
then i walked into the bathroom .
that is why i'm writing this review .
but , c'mon , it's not that scary .
granted , i ain't going by myself .
they serve drinks just like anywhere else .
the drinks were cheap , darts were fun .
the guys shooting pool were no joke either !
pool and darts and beer no extras .
not much has changed .
but the crust was like shoe leather .
overall probably wouldn't come back .
the food was awful .
who serves potato skins without sour cream ) .
the veal parmigiana was horrid .
the spaghetti side was forgettable .
i was not impress with the food at all .
we had a half pepperoni , half veggie .
i'm not going back .
anyway , they bring out our desserts first !
our server however was very poor .
food was mediocre at best .
just really not what i have come to expect .
if you're looking for true italian food look elsewhere .
nothing bad per se , but nothing good either .
my wife ordered some fried mushrooms and zucchini .
below average to pretty bad .
it was just a bad overall experience .
new management is clueless !
if anyone told you otherwise , they were lying .
none of which sadly , would ever come true .
i will not be back !
not to mention it's clearly marked no cameras .
this venue is awful .
third row is not so bad .
it's a little inconvenient .
i sadly do have complaints about it though .
place was filled with smoke .
overall , i'd avoid this place .
not good customer service !
more women then restrooms and dirty .
the entire two hours was miserable .
however , it needs some serious attention .
the bathrooms and concession stands are thoroughly outdated .
my seat was very lumpy .
the place was very dirty .
hot as hell too .
too small and hot .
the venue was a disappointment .
so no beer or drinks for me .
disappointed but i knew that could happen .
over all glad i went because it was heart .
the seating rows were not marked at all .
we couldn't really stand to dance .
that bathroom is small , old and ridiculous .
no water fountains inside .
can't bring water in or even empty water bottles .
i wouldn't go there again .
absolute worst customer service ever .
i'm not sure where i should start .
lesson learned , just awful .
really did not like it here at all .
food was not particularly great either .
i will not visit this place again .
won't be running back any time soon .
i would not recommend this apartment complex to anyone .
sorry , no dice .
sadly all these things have gone .
it can't come fast enough .
not to mention they're overpriced .
the staff is very rude .
i can't wait until this lease is up .
parking , is a nightmare .
unfortunately , my good luck has worn off .
the new residents do not care about their surroundings .
also they started a trash service and they suck !
there 's constantly trash left behind everywhere .
bad really bad start .
slept ok , the bed was fine .
i don't care about the price at this point .
this motel is terrible .
i won't be back .
the meat tastes alright , but nothing special .
more than that , it was simply not good .
ten years ago this was the bomb !
if you try , it is just a mess .
out of forks , out of salad ?
the chicken meat lacked any flavor .
and the bread of the sandwich was extremely mushy .
plus , no sides and no kid options !
i'm never eating there again .
that 's why i'm confused .
my family was not to impressed either .
hot links were very average .
honestly , i've made better bbq at home .
horrible horrible horrible catfish taste like crunchy cardboard .
so-so cole slaw and dry meat .
after finally getting my food i really wasn't impressed .
coleslaw was only tolerable , to soupy and peppery .
the food was lousy .
the sauce was weak .
but the ribs were horrible .
this place really needs an overhaul .
you don't know barbeque that 's for sure .
this was a huge disappointment !
new ownership maybe but it's not the same here .
sauce wasn't all that and sliced beef was tough .
trash can was full , restaurant wasn't real clean .
did they change owners ?
lunch at honey bears bbq today .
the food wasn't very tasty .
as expected from the response , it was mediocre .
went in today with my friend .
the collard greens lacked flavor and they were cold .
and the bun was just sad .
the young guy taking our order seemed completely confused .
if you're looking for good bbq , go elsewhere .
i'm not sure what came out .
the guy just didn't care .
the chicken was disgusting .
it was dry , the outside was hard .
i was really not impressed with the bbq here .
i nor my son wanted to eat it .
the ribs were inconsistent .
none of them were fall off the bone good .
the corn on the cobb was hot but old .
by the looks of it only the reviewers care .
how many ways can you spell disappointed !
the chicken did not taste fresh .
the bun should have at least been toasted .
yes , that must be it .
but , let 's face it , he's not .
don't tell me you have n't noticed .
maybe i missed it .
it seriously ruined our trip .
i've never seen anything like that before .
i was fairly disappointed with this zoo .
it's way too hot .
what a horrible idea !
what a waste of time !
if you're looking for enjoyment , do not bother .
skip this next portion if you're married with kids .
the worst thing about this zoo is the price .
this is primarily a hot weather zoo .
the animal selection was pathetic .
take your money elsewhere .
it was ok , but just ok .
zoo itself is in a mediocre state of repair .
will not return , one time is enough .
the animals are old , often hiding behind something .
it is highly over priced .
food was not the best .
a regular ticket doesn't include much except walking around .
worst interaction with any employee ever .
the price point was ridiculous as well .
and the people at the zoo missed some opportunities .
some animals were out but most were not .
don't get the chicken sandwich its gross !
don't waste your time .
the animals look hot and tired .
not so much here .
whole city block is out of water .
not very marriott if you ask me .
not impressed with this locale .
this is not a corporate marriott !
dont waste your money here !
i was so confused what was happening .
not a vacation destination .
car was broken into .
trash was still in the trash bins .
strange locked closet in my room .
absolute joke of a hotel with completely ignorant staff .
avoid this place at all costs .
um burrito or taco ?
not a tough one , and no special order .
no way , jose .
i'll be throwing the other coupons in the trash .
just not worth the aggravation .
didn't give me a straw .
didn't put the lime in the fish tacos .
no lemon in my ice tea .
like taco bell , but not as fancy .
the friday night bartender was great but she quit !
there is no hot water .
roaches are still present anywhere there is a drain .
garbage stays on the grounds for days .
the water goes off without warning .
the sidewalk and stairs too .
i'm confused why it isn't allowed now .
you're not allowed shade ?
i'm not as happy here as i once was .
not a good year at all .
the gate seems to be always broken .
two tires has been stolen .
i no longer feel safe living here .
absolute worst apartments ever !
" no code or key required ! "
same complaints by different people .
don't make the mistake that i did .
not impressed at all .
if i could leave a half star i would .
then she tells me they ran out of tamales .
worst food city , i've ever been to .
worst apartments i have ever been in .
this place is extremely noisy !
( maintenance didn't know i was in there ) .
they couldn't have done it that fast .
the roaches never left .
this place is horrible .
management doesn't care , defensive and rude .
maintenance problems take forever to get fixed .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
don't waste your money .
don't go here if you have small children .
her behavior was not appreciated and not appropriate .
i won't be going there again .
don't let the outside appearance fool you !
this complex is not interested in customer service .
it's been one ridiculous thing after the other .
i am so sick of this place !
horrible horrible property management !
luckily we never had any major repairs .
do not rent here .
staff in the front office is horribly rude .
they don't care about their residents at all .
my dryer has not worked since i moved in .
just don't wait until you live here for months .
it only gets worse .
awful awful awful place to live .
their website for paying rent is terrible .
i wish there was a no star rating !
they are old apartments and are falling apart !
he just drove away !
which is really unreasonable .
it's not safe any other direction .
otherwise the customer service was terrible .
none of the screens fit properly .
if i could rate in the negatives i would .
been two weeks and nothing has been done .
this is not the place to go for dinner .
i don't need good customer service .
i don't need to eat in a safe neighborhood .
i'm not expecting gourmet , either .
sure , come for lunch .
wow , this place is awful .
there is no fridge or ice maker .
and smoked brisket , oh yeah , smoked brisket .
the remote for the tv was broken .
the fire alarm is missing the battery .
the room wasn't the cleanest .
the mattress is covered with dirty plastic .
if i could choose no stars i would .
there is nothing good about this property .
room was gross and walls were paper thin .
the environment was very sketchy and unsafe .
they wouldn't accommodate and said other hotels are worse .
no , no , no and no !
it doesn't even deserve a single star .
the room was flat out unclean .
i can not make this up .
i didn't even mention the kicker .
worst experience of my life .
hotel would not refund me my money .
honestly , that bad .
the place is a " no go " !
my room did not have a working smoke alarm .
the water pressure was very good .
it is very close to sky harbor airport .
then we get our luggage and stuff is missing .
i can't believe the way they run there business .
this hotel is not safe !
this hotel is bad !
can i rate a zero ?
don't stay here though .
expedia what have you gotten me into ?
i was very disappointed .
please avoid this place at all costs .
easily the worst car wash ever .
they take no pride in their work .
i advise everyone to stay away from this hotel .
horrible place to stay .
i was a little disappointed .
very poor conditions , both fairways & greens .
sad because i hoped phoenix could do better .
not the best but not the worst chinese food .
soup was nothing special .
egg roll almost flavorless and mushy .
no ability to substitute lo mein for rice .
check was delivered halfway through meal .
flavoring is not consistent .
the menu was unimpressive .
it was the most generic chinese menu i've seen .
the food itself was more like seafood soup .
may be i was expecting too much .
the beef noodle soup was not tasty .
i will not be returning again .
i couldn't eat any of it .
the egg roll was just gross .
do not use a mexican chef .
biggest mistake of the month .
the fried pork chops were way overcooked and dry .
the pork chops were worse though .
i will not be returning .
ancient chinese secret my ass .
poor service in the pharmacy is common .
pharmacy is entirely too slow .
my mistake that i won't make again .
couldn't possibly be more annoyed .
terrible customer service , i won't be back .
the decisions were made above her .
why would you give out a dirty car ?
very difficult to see out while in reverse .
such a terrible customer service experience !
our mistake was doing this on a weekend .
they obviously don't clean inside or out of car .
i will never rent here again !
terrible phone customer service !
she gave the " oh well " attitude .
frustrating to say the least !
incredibly disappointed in this place .
the rice was old and hard .
i will never visit this place again .
i'm here now and this place is beyond disgusting !
the asada was in big , tough pieces .
pastor was literally chunks of ground pork .
green chile beef was practically inedible .
nothing of interest on the menu .
tried the kung pao shrimp and veg chow mien .
service was also not good .
i have to say , it was terrible .
everything else was mediocre at best .
i wouldn't recommend this place at all .
moral of the story : gross .
a gigantic waste of time and money .
it was disgusting , i wouldn't recommend ordering it .
man , we were really looking forward to this .
there were warning signs right away .
but lots of other stuff did bother me .
just a bad customer service experience and average food .
i will not be returning to this place .
average to a little less than average .
however , their sauces were bland .
rice was a tad dry .
went in and was promptly seated .
apparently they didn't want to serve us .
bad service , so so food and dishonest representation .
problem is , the coupon did not state that .
not the best but not the worst chinese food .
soup was nothing special .
egg roll almost flavorless and mushy .
no ability to substitute lo mein for rice .
maybe my experience would have been better ?
probably the food but i doubt the service .
check was delivered halfway through meal .
it was water boiled spicy beef .
no offer to exchange it for something else .
bad customer service as far as i'm concerned .
terrible food and service to match .
also too expensive for what you get .
the worst experience ever .
will never return here .
no middle ground will be offered .
cantonese is sweeter with a semi thick sauce .
wasn't expensive for the type of food served .
would never step foot in that place again .
staff was rude , unfriendly and unprofessional .
the food was over priced and too salty .
i asked for lunch special and she sounded lost .
this was my first time at sp .
however , service was terrible .
also , staff was rude .
the absolute worst restaurant experience in years .
ordered what he recommended and it was disgusting .
the owners should be ashamed .
walked in , host seating us without any greeting .
named a sichuan palace but taste like panda express .
i couldn't get through 1/4 of the cup .
i had such a bad stomach ache afterwards .
save your money and time , avoid this place .
i won't be ordering there again .
this place is unprofessional and a complete joke .
i am not a patient .
the building doesn't even open til 8am .
this place is horrible .
paradise lost , one might say .
hotel is rather nasty .
not gon na be staying here again .
you've lost me on this one .
lesson learned , eh jay ?
a couple of things he missed though .
and i didn't turn it on to find out .
and there were some bright spots .
still , avoid this one like the plague .
don't waste your time or money here .
i have had worse , but not often .
the cook on duty tonight was simply incompetent .
this is probably a bad thing .
to call this mediocre is generous .
ordered delivery , food was cold and bland .
worst general tso chicken ever tasted .
there was only one car in the parking lot .
this place is just awful .
the car charger will definitely be useful .
i thought i was buying that from costco .
turns out i wasn't .
maybe i'm doing it wrong .
wan na know why ?
terrible experience signing up for membership .
lots of inappropriate comments .
we already hate it here and we just joined .
not impressed so won't be buying that again .
seriously , this shouldn't be this difficult !
why couldn't she do that ?
they must not want me as a customer .
i would give it zero stars if i could .
everything about this place is beyond awful .
in fact all of these clinics are terrible .
husband went about a year ago .
this actually looks like some sort of bite !
shouldn't the doctor have done that ?
please , do not waste your time and money .
i know i will never be back .
online system says check in to reserve your spot .
i'm sure it sucks working for a bad company .
what i got was a charred hockey puck .
they seem on the up and up .
the food service is painfully slow .
i would recomend going here just for the experience .
not my cup of tea .
i will not go back .
shame on me for assuming things .
not a sweet tomatoes that 's for sure .
watery mac n cheese .
they take your money and off you go .
i don't feel i got what i paid for .
the food just wasn't that good .
it just tasted really cheap .
tomatoes do not sweat .
had to ask for it , same with pizza .
secondly , they don't clean the tables too often .
noon and i'm starving !
however this location does not deserve your business .
i simply ordered a veggie and cheese .
pretty terrible experience here .
they didn't even offer to comp the drinks lol .
applebee 's isn't terrible .
the worst applebees in town .
it's kinda my fault .
but most applebee 's i've frequented have been decent .
but the food wasn't up to par .
spinach & artichoke appetizer was so-so .
my wife had the blackened chicken & penne pasta .
the chicken breast was overcooked and dry .
don't waste your time .
the server was over the top obnoxious .
the manager made me hate this place even more .
that was unacceptable to me !
i guess that doesn't apply !
its probably another scam to bring customers in .
do not eat here .
i don't like this location .
we have to flag him down .
i'm so sorry to inconvenience you !
j 's and my food come out as ordered .
baby c doesn't seem to mind .
he brings him dr. pepper instead .
i walked out wishing i went to chili 's .
no idea of organization or time management .
to wait too long .
i will not be going back for some time .
this experience was very frustrating .
anyway what a waste of time and money .
i said , " are u kidding me ?
this place is awful to order togo from !
but for now , don't go .
i wish i would have said something .
don't see any food coming out of kitchen .
so they are not too busy making food .
terrible service and terrible dry food i wouldn't recommend !
worst service i've had ever !
they always play music way too loud .
i guess the cooks like everything rare !
the food did not taste good at all .
i was very disappointed with the food .
the theme for the lunch was dry .
salsa was soo small there was no point .
fries were small portion and soggy .
if i could give them zero stars i would .
and my friends baked potato was rotten !
never again stepping foot in this place !
if i order extra cheese they forget it .
i am very disappointed with this landscaping business .
right now i'm really disappointed .
only frozen meat , one type of sausage .
i walked out without buying anything .
tacky , tacky , tacky .
i really like the mini chicken chimichangas .
greasy chips , tasteless watery salsa and horrible food !
i am not sure why people like this place .
but i have wasted enough money at their restaurants .
the margs were watery and low on the alcohol .
one word can describe this place gross !
the salsa was lame , the chips stale .
the spanish rice was the worst i've ever had .
things have taken a big turn for the worse .
the baja sauce lost its kick .
the guac had no flavor .
i regret eating here .
-- refried beans go the same way .
-- sopapillas for shame !
you couldn't force feed me this shit !
the dish wasn't appetizing at all .
just drop off the check and walk away .
worst mango and strawberry margaritas ever !
they got one order completely wrong .
i have never done that before .
the carpeting is tired .
not even a jar -- a can .
overpriced , stale fast-food .
no wonder the taco was burnt .
if it's my choice , i won't be back .
the decor is just awful .
macayos is like chuck e. cheese without the games .
my meal was relatively flavorless .
the bar : very disappointed .
poor set up with entrance outside the restaurant .
the chimichanga was awful .
huge , but awful .
it was soggy and bland .
the cheese crisp should be skipped .
there 's no flavor .
salsa tastes like it's made from canned tomatoes .
chicken chimichanga was ok .
there shouldn't even be an option for a star .
the service is horrible and bartenders are very rude .
oh my gosh , they were even worse !
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
today i still have an after taste of grease .
this clearly doesn't describe this place .
no , no , no , no .
the service was fine but the food was awful .
this place has gone downhill .
that was a mistake .
so disappointing to see what has happened here .
i really expected it to be better .
just don't waste your money on them .
the food is decent but bland .
flat , old tasting soda .
i will never go to that location again !
never even addressed the terrible service we received !
i've been to eat better places at lower prices .
the place itself needs to be remodeled .
like its out fault we didn't get service ?
i'm never returning to this macayos !
this place has a serious staffing problem .
poor service , dirty restroom .
bland is a complement .
taco bell has more seasonings .
by far the worst mexican food i've ever had .
i won't go back .
wondering how it's stayed in business for so long .
the single worst dinning experience .
forgot drinks and was rude .
was very very disappointed with this location .
our booth was equally gross .
there was hair stuck up in it with food .
not to the one on central .
i've never seen such a filthy and unprofessional restaurant .
there wasn't a second bite .
the service is just downright mean .
i have been here twice , year 's apart .
but this burrito was practically swimming with it .
i couldn't eat more than half .
unfortunately our room key didn't work .
no there was no one outside .
again no one there to help .
i would not recommend this particular hotel .
the wifi is super slow at night .
the wifi at hilton was exactly the opposite .
the service here is horrific !
the pool also never had towels .
ugh where to begin ?
i could smell them cooking bacon in the morning .
won't be coming back here unfortunately .
the first time , it wasn't bad .
the second sandwich was another veggie .
i called again and spoke to monica again .
no problem , i'll just speak to your manager .
i threw it away .
delivery service is ridiculous .
the fries are usually lukewarm .
the prices are just stupid .
i also don't cook a lot .
all this hype for nothing .
this place has no natural foods .
why not just go to fry 's or safeway ?
a turkey sandwich no mayo i say .
sadly , i am not exaggerating this in anyway .
the last straw for me happened last week .
i went to the deli area to get breakfast .
super disappointed with my treatment at the aj 's .
the crust was just so tough .
you won't get more money from me aj 's !
avoid this store at all costs in the afternoon .
they are cheap money hungry people !
they lie to get your money .
really bad experience today .
i'll be avoiding going back .
one star is too many .
don't forget to bring your attitude when you shop .
rude is what this place is .
never had customer service like this .
they were watery and barely edible .
i couldn't chew them so i sent them back .
my boyfriend ordered a philly i ordered raviolis .
the pizza crust is rubber and just strange tasting !
watery and not filled with goodness .
toppings were not fresh at all .
streets of ny pizza was mediocre .
they just lost my business .
soggy , and no sauce .
if i could i'd give zero stars !
very disappointed and will never order again !
the first round of drinks was fine .
the antipasto was okay but not worth the cost .
the italian beef sandwich was awful .
the little bread appetizers was a plus .
i did not like the soup .
pasta was cold cheese wasn't even melted on top .
pizza was hard and yuck !
ordered once and got really old chicken and fries .
plus half of the order was missing .
dont waste your money here .
their food is old and disgusting !
the wings were gross .
the wings were dry and overlooked .
just thought we would give it another try .
zero stars should really be an option .
taste was just fair .
customer service was horrible .
customer service is horrible here .
when we got our food , it was awful .
probably the worst mexican food i ever had .
i've never had a bad meal at pollo loco .
the service at this location was terrible !
more like mediocre burrito !
closed up lights off .
and no one wants broken tacos !
only a last resort .
this place just didn't do it for me .
third , the service sucks .
i have to copy stephanie b 's review below .
i couldn't agree more .
third , the service sucks .
so a hit and a two misses .
ok , uh , what ?
she said they couldn't do that .
the decor is painfully cute .
why not just make something that tastes good ?
but i won't be doing it again .
she again told me no .
she again told me no .
waste of my time to try a new place .
ummmm that 's weird , but fine .
this place is foul .
overall , a disappointing experience .
huge , let me repeat this , huge mistake !
that was a completely wasted lunch for me .
disappointing & unfriendly staff .
they should stick to pizza !
the food was cold .
i had soggy french toast .
the chai tea was lukewarm but tasted okay .
the meat was salty and tasteless .
i'm being generous - they don't deserve the star .
i sat down at a table .
i simply got up and walked out .
did she just not want our money that day ?
for this and the cider alone i'm returning .
unfortunately , the food is not so great .
i'm not sure what was up with that .
this place just isn't good enough .
hair in food is just plain gross .
beer selection was good , but food was terrible .
i could not believe this bar served food .
nothing about it said restaurant .
could i have asked for our server ?
what a waste of time !
i've only been here once and it was ok .
steak 'n kidney pie = where was the kidney ?
g & d was a sad day for me .
menu for food was quite typical .
it's got a bit of a negative vibe .
it's just not fun anymore .
so long , george .
we couldn't get a drink or even order food .
i've just been to better karaoke bars ( i.e .
it tasted like weak kool-aid .
i just don't see the appeal of the place .
i would rather spend my money elsewhere .
our wait staff was non existent .
she never bothered to check on us once .
it tasted like water before .
any liquor drinks taste like watered down juice .
would have given it zero stars .
the waitress was awful .
but the service was inexcusable .
unfortunately , it's not pleasant .
but time has not been kind to this place .
unfortunately it was a huge let down .
i just don't get it .
do not waste time nor money on this place .
the place is noisy and dirty .
owner is one angry nasty person .
this place is worse than terrible .
the food is equally terrible .
i refused because it was not my drinks .
that 's not how to work with the community .
i can't order from the bar .
she wouldn't even bring me my card .
the hostess didn't even know what the beers were .
not only this visit , several past visits .
bartender is extremely slow to prepare drinks .
seems like management is non existent .
even then it wasn't all that great .
probably will not be back .
george and dragon sucks .
she made no effort to correct this gross service .
if i could give less i would .
the food is somehow worse than before ?
the butt end and that was it .
the french fries were awful .
i feel bad for the waitresses .
wish i could give no stars on this one .
and overall the food sucked .
she still got it wrong .
she was just getting everything wrong .
she somehow has lost his card .
so overall , my experience here was a nightmare .
you will never catch me in that place again .
could a fooled me !
make this an unappealing place to hang out .
most miserable worst experience ever .
mashed potatoes and cold bits of hamburger .
this place will not earn our business again .
their food isn't much better .
they are consistency awful .
it was a huge portion of bland food .
sad thing is the service is worse than before .
waitress brought out a drink with water and ice .
i'm not coming back .
beer was chilled , not cold .
there was no issue with that .
never come to take an order .
so , i gave him the job .
very frustrating to say the least !
i said nothing and walked .
these people are idiots .
horrible service , horrible attitudes .
it was very disappointing .
just went here to discuss getting some items printed .
i would not recommend this office at all .
i hardly trusted them to give it another go .
her assistant immediately complemented me on my boring skirt .
the girls were nice but my make up sucked .
i would not recommend this place .
we won't be going back .
nothing broke nor even fell over .
i recomend no one shop here .
horrible business ethics all around .
really now , get over yourself .
he is rude and arrogant .
there 's too much junk otherwise .
incredibly poor , aweful service .
i wish i could give him no stars .
treats grown ups like little children .
i wish i can give zero stars .
i am never going back or buying there .
don't waste your time .
the owner of this store deserves no stars !
i do not understand how he stays in business .
it's unfortunate the hygiene wasn't up to par .
i desperately missed my down dogs .
this place does not even deserve a one star !
this place simply nasty .
honestly , made me sick .
i would never suggest this place to anyone .
smelly , moldy and just plain gross !
he then walks off .
but he won't let me talk to anyone else .
stay far far away !
this place is an absolute joke .
avoid this place at all costs !
this store lost my package .
they were nice though .
poor customer service for the owner !
i checked my po box and no package .
he said there was nothing wrong with the bike .
he said it was the way i rode it .
i wore my station hat in the pig .
eric became all sorts of friendly and helpful .
the service sucks at the pig .
buy your bike else where , like tempe bikes .
a week after that and it was not done .
two stars for their work , zero for service .
i get it , you're busy .
so i've been to every bike shop in town .
but back to the pig .
eric again was not willing to help .
this review is no different .
ignore me once , shame on you .
ignore me twice , shame on me .
bottom line , i don't recommend this place .
bang bang bang bang !
customer service very , very poor !
i certainly will not patronize this place again .
they won't make it right .
and don't bother complaining to the manager .
hubby insisted we had eaten here before .
i ordered the taco salad for my lunch .
all in all , i won't come back here .
needless to say , i won't be back .
good food , poor service .
but today it should have been called suck eggs .
the service is ok but the food was terrible !
i had eggs benedict and i was greatly disappointed !
he comes back with cream , no napkins .
that 's no big deal , i don't care .
check your cold storage bins people !
boy was i wrong .
the food was bland and not good at all .
the food is bland and unhealthy .
the price is cheap but not a bargain .
the service is mediocre to poor .
my gf decided french toast was fine .
no info on the ingredients .
he's super pissed at this point .
basically told me i was s out of luck .
very unfortunate customer service .
this was not a custom mix either .
and even that wasn't good .
after waiting half an hour i requested a refund .
they did refund my money .
just don't go there to eat .
apparently my order wasn't anywhere in their system .
so they can't blame it on remodeling confusion .
they are just dumb .
he let out another sigh .
skip this place and make an appointment somewhere else !
feel free to take your money elsewhere . "
i am taking my business elsewhere .
so i get hung up again .
says there 's nothing he can do .
not that great in volleyball .
aaron brothers we're overpriced mart .
aaron brothers you'll never see thomas s. again mart .
aaron brothers got your ass yelped on yelp mart .
how the hell do they stay in business ?
the service was horrible !
this place needs better service .
worst customer service ever .
such a rude rude rude woman .
isn't that what they signed up for ?
my sister was treated so rude .
and my god was i disappointed .
i highly recommend you skip wendy 's for breakfast .
my kudos to that poor woman .
will not be back to this location .
don't go here , for the love of god !
this place has gone downhill .
every time i get the wrong items .
i'm getting real tired of it .
it's seriously not that hard .
it really wasn't busy .
this is getting ridiculous .
but they have baked potatoes .
what other fast food joint has baked potatoes ?
they're out of baked potatoes .
not spicy at all .
this was a total disappointment .
i would give it no stars if i could .
the management was none too concerned .
there is almost a screw up every time .
uh , don't you know that is your job ?
the coordinator for phoenix va should be ashamed .
worst customer service ever !
i think that is a shame in itself .
you should be fucking embarrassed of yourselves .
this place is an absolute joke .
i accepted this appointment , having no other choice .
having no other choice i accepted this new appointment .
no actual health care being done anymore !
the parking is ridiculous .
this place really need to be more organized .
this place has a bad reputation for a reason .
a mistake here would definitely cause some serious problems !
my thumbs are tired so i'll quit for now .
that is totally unacceptable !
fast food salad , pasta and pizza .
the salad was your standard plate of bland greens .
it also cost more than it should .
car stuff 's expensive .
the autozone kid was super helpful though .
came across a very terrible worker here .
could not help me for nothing .
this store is no longer open .
the poor wait staff .
and the food is just not good .
i was very disappointed to say the least .
will never i back .
their quesadilla burger gave me food poisoning .
terrible service sitting at the bar for happy hour .
i've never had such filthy food via delivery before .
not coming back to this particular applebees .
wait was terrible on a late thursday night .
food came out , cold and or overcooked .
the entrees are not that great .
the food isn't worth that kind of treatment .
was not happy with the food !
very disappointing & a terrible experience .
next time attempt to act like you care .
none have ever been great .
she just wrote down the wrong thing .
our meal was ruined .
this is the worst applebee 's ever .
staff was friendly , restaurant was moderately clean .
after much discussion they cooked another egg .
i won't be back .
this place is ridiculous .
meal was overall gross !
too many other good restaurants in phoenix .
no one ever apologized at all .
i was very disappointed in the quality of food !
i can't stand castle boutique .
stopped in here a few months back .
why does phoenix not have better sex toy stores ?
staff seems a bit apathetic .
you can't even give me a " hello .
i was waiting on you .
it's not even a cheese shop .
there were no specialty cheeses or meats .
don't understand the high rating this restaurant is getting ?
well folks , you yelpers here are totally fooled !
it was very meh .
it was very bland .
really not sure what the fuss is about .
i do not understand why people love china chili .
i wouldn't recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy !
i won't be coming back .
over priced mediocre food .
it really had no flavor at all .
sweet and sour chicken .
will not be back .
the service is friendly but lacking .
that is not good chinese food .
i like it spicey but this was just sour .
this is direct cause and effect .
meantime there is no way i would ever return .
the prawns were good but nothing special .
the sesame chicken was the same way .
i was not impressed at all .
nothing to write home about .
it didn't wow me .
oh no no no no !
i will not be back !
the taste of the chicken was gross .
not good at all .
the crab puffs were awesome .
i will not be returning though .
the food is underwhelming !
just the worst chinese food ever .
you will be disappointed that you didn't listen .
pretty disappointed after reading other reviews .
overpriced chinese food and only tasted mediocre at most .
we never got enough silverware or soup bowls .
i also told her the soup was cold .
they always have an excuse !
i will never spend another dollar in that establishment .
the atmosphere makes you feel cheap and cheated .
so i only ate half of each .
we returned the beef because it was not edible .
they get five star 's it was the food .
rather get of pf changs or pei wei .
even panda express doesn't use msg .
however , the food was very bland .
even the egg rolls were bland .
unfortunately i can not recommend this restaurant .
something has changed big time !
find a better florist , they're out there .
will not be using them again .
there is a huge lack in management here .
these are just plan bad .
the kale isn't fresh it's frozen .
the drinks are good but not worth the price .
no offer to help .
i will urge anyone i know to stay away .
they then price them up using various price guides .
not much love for music just about making money .
average drink prices these days , nothing special .
it was amazingly gross .
i'm never going back to this location again .
this used to be my daughter 's favorite restaurant .
i took one and it was cold and soggy .
it was cold , creamy and without any flavoring .
i will not be returning .
isn't it a buffet ?
lost their lease , building to be torn down .
these guys have no class what so ever .
they made a big issue out of nothing .
these guys are the terrible !
so , i figured i would try it .
we went through the drive-thru around 8pm last wednesday .
veggies and chicken were okay too .
i guess the whole bowl was just okay .
the sauce served with them were good though .
unable to complete simple orders .
secondly the rice was not well cooked .
over that time the service has declined tremendously .
( referring to a veggie sushi roll item ) .
i looked at the employee and she just shrugged .
don't get the old blond lady !
nope , i'm not going back !
they lost my lunch business for today .
just looked like it needed some cleaning .
no one got sick so probably fine too .
i find this very strange and annoying .
i am disgusted with the restaurant !
talked to someone else .
it is like i am a joke to them .
worse property management company i have encountered !
very unhappy with both .
he is still not satisfied .
get a better vendor .
worst hoa i have ever had .
update your technology and your slow unhelpful staff .
very weak management company in my opinion .
hard times , qdoba ?
i need some now .
she says they have been slow all day .
was located near starbucks but no longer there .
the real negative for me was the restroom .
however , that is not their problem .
their business practices are awful .
ok , way out of my price range .
not ethical in my books .
there still isn't an answer .
not to mention yogurt etc .
really hurt by the experience .
complete waste of time any money !
i just wasn't impressed .
hardly anyone was there .
well , she didn't get it .
the layout of the place was somewhat unusual .
the service was awful .
nothing good or personable about it .
they don't specialize in any particular type of food .
at that point i'm never coming back .
the weather was fabulous .
she returned a few minutes later for our order .
next time i'll just try sitting at the bar .
atmosphere was very lame for a thursday night .
even the root beer was flat and tasteless .
i really , really want to like it .
shrimp tacos : way too salty and overcooked .
for the price food wasn't that great either .
it was also a bit dry .
no salt , no vinegar , nothing .
well , i tried it and didn't like it .
my favorites were the hefeweizen and vanilla porter .
very disappointed in their service .
i will not be back .
the problem lies with the horrible service .
never once did anyone bother telling me what happened .
honestly , no one even gave a sh*t either .
my buddy even commented on that after we left .
no one even cared .
clearly the first person didn't put the order in .
i won't be going back .
i hate being asked , then end up disappointed .
starting off , the pasta was over cooked .
i really doubt we will return .
not impressed at all .
poor service , decent beer , poor food .
very disappointing and not worth the money .
unfortunately we both left hungry .
my drink was empty the entire time .
beers that were listed they also did not have .
however , i find this highly unacceptable .
not a good vibe at all .
not awful - just not good either .
staff was a plus .
very awkward and inconvenient lay out .
this place is tired on every level .
never again - not recommended .
we thought is was cheap vinyl .
the bed was awful .
the linens were not hilton quality .
overpriced & horrible housekeeping !
i was not comped .
just stay somewhere else & save yourself the frustration .
the employee did not take the smelly blanket away .
i would absolutely not recommend staying at this hotel .
everything about this hotel screamed tired .
i won't be staying here any day soon .
the ac was not working in room .
no one to fix at night .
property could not fix .
old , tired property .
worst hotel stay in years .
it could use a renovation .
not good for kids .
not good for dogs .
i wish i had never gone .
you just lost your company a regular client lady .
front office is very unprofessional and rude .
just trying to get more money .
at least not with the same one ?
my neck is awful , it looked better before .
just disgusted that i threw my money away .
so , so unhappy .
it's not worth it to go to this place .
the receptionists treated me poorly .
it's starbucks only with bad customer service .
baristas with attitude that don't know their own product .
didn't feel like coffee , tea or food today .
they will not be getting anymore of my money .
i got no where which the corporate office also .
she supposedly even called .
worst customer service ever .
( they never let me finish it ) .
at least she wasn't chewing gum .
she wasn't very friendly while working with me .
i drove an hour total through this whole process .
what a horrible system .
i kinda felt like it was disorganized .
dont waste your time !
it was a waste of time and gas .
i would waste time with them .
disappointing turnover with grill chefs .
a monkey could have done a better job !
i will never attend this salon again !
not customer friendly at all .
why is this my fault !
why make an appointment if you can't keep it .
and you do bad work !
i had the worst experience here .
it was dirty , unsanitary , and way overpriced !
i would never ever go back to this place .
this place is so dirty and unprofessional .
avoid at all cost !
i will not be coming back .
that is not what i asked for .
i can not tell you how upset i was .
she needs to go back to beauty school .
it is honestly not hard to match a picture .
unless you have an appointment , don't bother .
their time management isn't very good .
my daughter & i went in for a pedicure .
i was beginning to think she didn't speak english .
this place doesn't make you feel welcome .
" what the hell just happened ? "
not my favorite strip club by a long shot .
her : fuck you , you pig .
i would not consider this a gentlemen club .
and it's some kind of harsh house vodka .
i've been to better but there is also worse .
i don't like getting the cold shoulder .
the staff at this store is very rude .
as though i were in the wrong place .
but , it sound horrible .
i won't be going back .
took one bite of the salsa , that was it.
threw a buck in the table and walked out .
nothing too special about this place .
i was severely disappointed .
the service was horrible .
the staff was friendly , just incredibly slow .
granted , the restaurant was full .
i've had better mexican food in alaska .
won't be going here again .
the chips and salsa were eh , ok .
the food was bland and not too flavorful .
i was disappointed with this dish .
it was greasy and had too much cheese .
it was also fairly bland .
visited juan 's after reading the numerous complementary reviews .
do yourself a favor and skip this one .
the flavor was very blah .
she didn't even try to fake a friendly smile .
chips and salsa were old and tasteless .
really , really bad .
i don't get it .
over priced and not even that great .
horrible service , whether busy or not .
pizza is always limp , soggy or undercooked .
pizza cookie is ok .
go to scottsdale or tempe location instead .
drinks refills took longer than they should have .
not bad , but ok.
the pizza , i just don't understand the hype .
this review is not for the food.
this would have been repeat business no less .
are you freakin kidding me ?
you did nothing right in this transaction .
it was almost laughable .
for lunch , really ?
it didn't even look like calamari .
it was thick strips that tasted very very fishy .
we sent it back and ordered fried ravioli .
really bad for business .
not what i want to see .
no worries , that does not bother me really .
however recently something seems a miss .
i barely finished one slice .
it was bland & tasteless and way too oily .
it was simply the worst lasagna we ever had .
for that reason alone , i can't go back .
the hot wings were not good .
i would not recommend this place .
food was good , service was terrible .
the whole experience was rude .
will not be back at this location again .
this is no exaggeration .
there is really , seriously no place to park .
everything i ordered was less than awesome .
awful experience this week .
a quarter of the salad was not edible .
those people just don't care .
we had the worst service ever !
i was so disappointed !
wasn't a fan at all !
sorry , not much positive to say .
i was craving alfredo .
but will look elsewhere for my pasta fix .
the worst experience ever .
no apology and definitely no better service .
longest hour of my life so far !
entree salad was fair .
shrimp diablo was too hot .
i love spices food but this was ridiculous .
no bargains here on lunch entree costs .
will not be coming back and wouldn't recommend .
dip was good , artichokes were a little tough .
the pizza is sooo marginal .
there was barely any pineapple on it .
i will not be back to this place again !
i was so mad at that point .
the place is clearly slow .
this was such an awful experience .
very weak knock off of chicago style pizza .
crust was ok and the pizza sauce was bitter .
i was disgusted by their customer service .
overall a complete waste of money .
ate here yesterday and i'm never going back .
overall this place was just a let down .
both visits here were not the best .
it's the service that seems to be lacking .
man , do i pity dana 's employees .
they have ignored it .
however , the problem just occurred again today .
don't mind me just getting excited over ranch .
this garbage is the epitome of , well garbage .
the bad news is the prices are outrageous .
true value usually has lower prices too .
don't expect exceptional service & you won't be disappointed .
ace i am disappointed in you .
do not get keys made here !
i am so annoyed with this ace .
one of the keys still doesn't fit .
i've shopped here several times too many .
the dishwasher sucks big time !
i can not wait to move out .
the place is still very loud around the apartments .
i was there approximately noon .
emails and messages are rarely returned .
you will not be satisfied as an owner .
don't go unless you're willing to wait , though .
no meat , no seasoning , no nothing .
very disappointing place and the food wasn't that great .
o m g american cheese ?
are you kidding me ?
so sad to see this neighborhood gem go veggie .
the italian was to die for .
service was slow and rude .
so , i trusted him and did that .
see , i don't really like this place .
and i , quite frankly , remain unimpressed .
sushi rice was a bit soggy too .
i ordered the clams in broth .
sushi wasn't bad , not awesome .
i opted for the shrimp udon soup .
he couldn't have been less concerned about serving us .
i ordered pad thai no tofu again mild .
how can you go wrong with pad thai .
the noodles were so over cooked it was disgusting .
that 's the only good thing i can say .
i have not been back .
that isn't what is wrong with cherry blossom .
the server never brought it to me .
the sushi was c grade .
passable but not anything i would return for .
the miso soup had iceberg lettuce in it .
first , bad service .
waiter did not bring us a bread .
sushi quality was bad .
yakisoba noodle was burned .
husband had chicken parm .
is that my noodles were not good !
wth was going on .
honestly , i probably won't be going back .
it wasn't bad , just wasn't special .
also - the food was very bland .
not a hint of kick to it at all .
however , the service was less than stellar .
there was hardly any miso in the soup .
an insult to the patron of the restaurant .
how lazy can this restaurant get !
i know it is sealed but , really ?
not impressed at all .
what a waste of my precious hard earned money .
turned out that was a big mistake .
the other one was even worse .
i won't recommend this restaurant to anyone .
barely acknowledged when you first walked in .
will not come again .
this was our 3rd visit to cherry blossom .
service was terrible and food was below average .
the salmon sashimi was not good .
i really wanted noodles , ie a noodle bar .
the waiter was short and was very impersonal .
there were only two other tables being served too .
he'd refill our drinks and was on the ball .
but the employee culture is greatly lacking .
bread was basic bread , nothing special .
that 's why i spend money in a restaurant !
lots of supermarket stuff , at a premium price .
so why did i even bother trying this place ?
it was very busy .
this is not the first time it's happened .
the sushi all tasted fishy .
the worst experience i've ever had .
they were not wrapped properly and just fell apart !
they also serve italian food , kind of weird .
its not the typical hole in the wall feel .
got the pad thai and added chicken .
i am so disappointed and insulted .
i probably wont b back .
is there no manager !
so , no good news here .
the place was totally empty .
the only other customer in the place was leaving .
i then immediately walked out !
neither were very good .
ramen was too salty and the udon was bland .
the sushi is about par with the grocery stores .
my biggest gripe is the terribly slow service !
he apologized and tried to make it better .
i just was speechless at this point .
i left with utter disappointment .
nope , not the case at all !
it doesn't make any sense at all .
this is my first yelp review ever .
the worst place i have ever been too .
not impressed with the ambience or menu .
food is about average , service is too bad .
we had dinner tonight and tried several dishes .
the rice was a little hard .
however , the service was really bad .
so i don't understand why it took so long .
the staffs were unfriendly and gave off weird vibes .
terrible service and overrated ramen and dessert .
dessert was only good looking but tasted so-so .
can not believe the male server is still there .
he was rushing me and was extremely rude .
udon soup as did my co worker .
bad service and bad food .
this place is pretty amazing !
she just walked away and never came back .
the food is mediocre and not worth coming back !
no pictures of the noodles but minimum description .
i don't like katsu .
the curry alone was not appetizing .
my food was lukewarm if even warm .
the food is awsome .
absolutely do not recommend this doctor or his staff .
my experience was not pleasant .
can't say the same for this place .
no online ability to take money .
won't take credit cards over the phone .
won't take american express .
don't know how this store stays in business .
he could have cared less .
i wish your business luck for the future .
this place is the absolute worst .
she then hung up on me .
don't bother coming here .
mexican pizza was extremely gross .
don't go at night terrible service .
big taco bell fan just not this location .
but this is ridiculous .
to the empty kitchen .
out of beans , beef , and chicken .
what a poorly ran establishment .
i was having some brake trouble last week .
the buttons were off of it .
no one apologized still for it .
they don't deserve it !
the 7th st location is a scam shack .
for all of you , please be warned .
i genuinely cant believe people can be that dishonest !
it was not done .
i was certainly wrong .
you have been warned .
11am i called for update .
however , i had my first frustrating experience .
this is horrible business .
i sincerely apologize for what happened last night .
normally we're down the street at camelback toyota .
neat looking place , terrible customer service .
( so extremely rude ! )
i will not be going back !
no exaggeration on that !
the first repair wasn't even the problem .
the next step would be a class action case .
terrible service for repairs .
i had never been so offended in my life .
i could not hear any more .
funky house salad with a creamy ranch ( ? )
dressing and one slice of bad hot house tomato .
the chunks of canned tomatoes were unappetizing .
first time but never again !
disgusting food , terrible service .
food is adequate but not authentic .
ok , this is entirely sad .
but , not this new year 's eve .
bread , butter , olive oil ?
here 's my problem .
not tonight and that 's sincerely sad .
not up to their par .
it smells like mold & cleaner gone wrong .
not a pleasant experience after the drive .
i have never been treated so bad .
i will not use them ever again .
poor customer service all the way around !
very rude and very unpleasant & very unprofessional !
those two women shouldn't even have a job !
i would never recommend this collision center to anyone .
both cupcakes were made from a mix .
neither my husband nor i cared for it .
this just set me off .
sound 's good doesn't it .
i'll spend my money there .
says it's kosher , but apparently only sometimes .
they could not help me .
everything else leaves me flat .
if she would let me use my card .
she just stared at me .
i walked in and looked at the cases .
so , here 's a run down .
puff pastry was flavorless .
however , i did like the service !
: ( that made me incredibly sad .
i have never cried so hard in my life !
seriously , i was a wreck .
honestly , it's just not any good .
not horrible but i doubt i'll be back .
i do not like saturdays here .
did i get the word rude in there ?
nick doesn't work on saturdays .
they were just too drunk to care .
not true and not cool .
i informed them and all i got was sorry .
all in all , fuck that place .
this place is not a local dive bar .
our experience here was crappy .
i can't believe she has a job there .
she just didn't deserve anything .
unless there is another and nicer bartender on duty .
learn from my mistake , and stay away .
the dealership was less than this repair shop .
and advised me with what i needed help with .
you know i am a paying customer too .
what a horrible place to get service work done .
i repeat do not !
i wouldn't feed that to my dog .
rude lazy people who don't care .
none of the food i saw looked appetizing .
it was so noisy too and smelled like animals !
thanks but no thanks , i left .
i would not recommend them to anyone .
i will not be returning .
i would never go back again .
the wait time for my appointment was long .
would not recommend this office to anyone .
complete waste of my money .
it turned out that they don't take my insurance .
wow , what an annoying experience !
the office is old and seems dingy and dirty .
office management needs to step in and fix asap !
bottom line - an awful experience .
never again will i visit this office again .
the parking situation also sucks .
and not that good .
he could not help me with that .
needless to say , my hopes were let down .
there is nothing special about this place .
this is one cheap owner .
poor value , ok quality .
nothing special , to be honest .
sadly , sonic has better tasting hotdogs and buns .
now , it's bland and tasteless .
the selection isn't what it was .
so , clearly the musician 's make the night .
our night was not so hot .
the neighborhood is questionable .
+ previously mentioned worker was friendly .
i'll be asking for my money back this time .
first and last time i won't be returning .
they are so ignorant !
that 's when we walked for the last time .
simply didn't trust them .
do not buy a car from this place !
no customer service at all .
they're just not worth this much hassle .
my purchase experience was just o.k .
but i would not recommend camelback .
my salesman was marty , who was very helpful .
barry , my salesperson , was wonderful .
he first showed us this car in awful condition .
everything went downhill from there .
finally the paperwork arrived and all was resolved .
contacted them through the internet , no response .
avoid this place at all cost !
take it from me avoid this place !
this is the worse car i have ever owned !
why didn't i check it out at first ?
these guys will rip you off !
the local dealership never responded to my complaint .
think twice before servicing your car at camelback vw !
if i could give a negative star i would .
one of the worst vehicle purchase experiences ever .
do not let these people get your contact details .
i get here today and no loaner .
shame on you camelback vw .
it is a big dealership so looks very trusting .
they made up the 2nd time though .
not holding my breath on this place .
i unfortunately got a car from this place !
never , ever give these people your contact information .
oh no - that price didn't include dealer fees !
they wouldn't let me test drive the car .
they wouldn't honor the advertised deal .
don't walk - run - from this dealership !
she did not see a problem .
i will never purchase a vw again .
this is the worst dealer ever .
don't buy your car here .
i wouldn't refer my enemy to this dealership .
get ready for more business vw north scottsdale .
i was disappointed to say the least .
the staff need some serious training on customer service .
a walgreens with no liquor ?
seems like they already lost their spirit .
they don't care about marketing .
do not waste your hard earned money .
three of the worst dollars i've ever spent .
i've had better and it could be spicier .
lisa contacted me directly to discuss our experience .
stay away from this installer .
maybe their reviews were closed because they were bad .
but i'm glad i went for comparison shopping .
the assistant mgr was the nasty girl ever .
they just need better staffing .
would not recommended this place .
german auto said i needed to replace my battery .
i wont be returning to german auto unfortunately .
very rude and horrible customer service .
very disgusted with their customer service .
worst fried ice cream we've ever had !
the restaurant is run down .
sadly , we found jordan 's .
the visit in november is likely my last .
the service was terrible .
it was edible , but not great .
outdated , dingy , dining space and help .
to be fair , the tamale was ok .
by far the worst salsa i've ever had !
i'm not exactly sure .
i ordered a chicken burro enchilada style .
the enchilada sauce topping was also quite flavorless .
just don't eat here .
this place was absolutely terrible .
my tostada on the other hand was good .
other than that , it was an ok meal .
never rated a place this low before .
the menus came with dried up food on mine .
menu was hard to follow .
never did anything wrong to this woman .
don't waste your time .
four times she repeated herself regarding her class .
however i can't seem to give them my money .
i almost walked out .
i could not have been more annoyed .
it was definitely not hot enough .
want to piss me off ?
after driving up 7th st .
definitely cheap , however not worth more .
gave us a ridiculous quote on a simple solution .
i was not pleased .
which was very unprofessional .
inspect your purchase while you are still on site .
i get better service at home depot .
there was no sauce in my rice bowl .
now it is plain dirty .
their miso soup was cold and spoiled .
i would never visit this location again .
even for fast casual japanese food , it sucked .
it was like hospital cafeteria veggies .
one of the worse meals i can remember having .
i would not recommend .
why can't i stop eating this delicious food ? '
this is no longer a problem .
i will not return here .
they seem far more on top of things .
no lox for me .
the service is terrible , at least for take-out .
wish it could have been scott 's .
this is the first time i've been disappointed .
why yes , it was your friendly neighborhood roach !
most likely will not be back .
the service was bad .
the sandwich was dry .
it didn't have mayo or mustard on it .
really horrible , all the way around .
the soup was also cold .
this was bitter and not smooth .
you got ta be kidding me .
meatloaf was a friggin ' nightmare .
super well done , chewy crap .
carrots were overcooked ; mashed potatoes were ordinary .
service was polite , but a little slow .
very , very bad restaurant .
not coming back to this place .
speaking of the food , it was pretty terrible .
honestly , i would have rather eaten at home .
then no one washed the table !
bad food bad service greasy matzo ball soup .
these people were so unbelievably rude to me .
i've been wanting to try scott 's for years .
there were chicken bones in my soup .
it was not prepared to go .
six hours later my stomach is upset .
we sat out side , ordered and ate .
the food was average , and a bit overpriced .
the place was a little dirty .
the service is atrocious .
my daughter wouldn't even eat it .
the breakfast was gross .
their pickle taste like its been marinated in salt .
these people were so unbelievably rude to me .
ordered takeout for lunch at work .
so today , i was feeling horrible .
service was kind of slow , but friendly .
it wasn't worth my lunch hour .
the bagel was over toasted and tough .
service was adequate , but a bit slow .
this was awful ; just awful .
it was obvious her english was limited .
i should have just got up and walked out .
i could barely find it .
the grilled onion was inedible .
this place is not good at all .
then she brought it without sour cream .
the pastrami was literally flavorless .
owner yelling at employees in front of customers !
bad , bad , bad .
i would never try this place .
it was dirty as well .
otherwise , it won't do well .
i won't be back .
awful place not the same .
even bad pizza isn't half bad .
pizza was below average .
boring shouldn't be loud .
good pizza , lousy service !
hence the two star rating .
there wasn't anything bad about the place .
oh , ok , stupid me .
the crust was tasteless and soggy like wet cardboard .
i am confused about all the hype .
what a waste of time , and money .
it was the most tasteless thing i've ever eaten .
too bad , i wanted to like this place .
i will not be returning here anytime soon .
it was hot in there .
i am very disappointed to say the least !
i ordered fried zucchini sticks which were pretty good !
i'm glad i just didn't order a full pizza .
no soda came and the wings were rock hard .
such a waste of money .
i will not be returning .
undercooked noodles in the spaghetti .
the meatballs in the spaghetti were bland and overcooked .
the wait was too long !
i didn't even get everything i ordered .
the place was empty !
he had our table confused with someone else .
the pizza was just basic pizza .
worst experience ordering pizza .
raise your hands high turn around and walk away .
sorry , not sorry .
but i wasn't impressed .
thin crust pizza was horrible .
can't eat and look at that .
however , the customer service is terrible .
but this time around , it was not great .
the sandwich itself was forgettable .
nothing done to make it right .
thin crust pepperoni was very blah .
bad customer service + bad food = fail !
jalapeo peppers were average at best .
i was totally embarrassed .
i'm not really a fan .
they said they would have someone call me back .
didn't think that was possible so we didn't stay .
without soul however , gumbo is just chicken soup .
also , crowded and dirty .
they could even raise prices .
i don't care how cheap your product is .
not a big fan of this place !
i even tried calling the district mgr .
this place is terrible .
if you can avoid it , don't live here .
this immediately stopped when i was given my keys .
but , it still feels hot in my apartment .
the laundry facilities are ridiculous they are always broken .
the pool is not up to code .
the pool is green and gross looking .
bad , bad , bad .
bad service , bad food , bad experience .
and the food is atrocious .
i'm not really sure when it changed .
hubs and i stopped for breakfast .
but seriously , our waitress was training someone !
my friends are poor and denny 's open late .
otherwise , you should never eat at denny 's .
and the food is not good at all .
i will not go back to this denny 's .
if you hate your job get a new one .
not too happy with the service last night .
sorry i put my corona on the pool table .
i'm sure that 's never happened before mr .
not much else , unfortunately .
instead , i just i don't get it .
this place reeks of cheap .
service has went downhill quickly .
it's a very cheap place to have a drink .
the pizza i had didn't impress me .
guess cash doesn't matter here .
kyle needs to go to customer service school .
screaming , laughing , crying .
totally out of control .
all were simply horrific .
hello , my name is thomas .
first it is not a buffet .
this place makes taco bell seem gourmet !
are you kidding me ?
everything else was not a pleasant taste !
my stomach wishes i had n't .
the cheese enchiladas were disgusting .
the sopapillas were good , the icecream ?
there are n't many mexican buffet restaurants in phoenix .
awful , shitty bland mexican food .
i'm not much of a fan for this place .
now they can't get me in for another month !
but i will not be among them .
here i am again without meds .
firstly , this is a very small office .
they fixed something else instead and gave it back .
way to check your work , jerks .
this place is awful .
this is a dishonest shop .
don't be one of their sucker customers .
he said it would just be too much money .
you're terrible business person .
worst place that i've ever been .
andrew was rude and lied right to my face .
the atmosphere was very unprofessional and unfriendly .
this bank can not be trusted with your money .
they denied me a job and are assholes .
i don't like anyone who works there .
they need to get off their high horse .
buffalo exchange is no longer like that store .
" they didn't take my stuff !
did that make me feel bad ?
are you freaking kidding me ?
what a total scam .
i miss the glory days of buffalo .
she was pretty snotty and rude .
i am still amazed that this even happened .
the prices here are crap .
not going here again .
i wish i could give higher rating .
fool me once shame on me .
fool me twice , screw you !
this location however is awful .
there are only so many crust options .
i don't know what i can do " .
i probably wont order again .
once again my local dominos lets me down .
there is something wrong with this dominos location .
this place is awful .
then laptop to place an order online .
the customer service is severely low class .
unfortunately , there was a problem with the computer .
also , it is byob for wine .
sorry , i don't plan very much ahead .
not soggy and warm .
this place was rather disappointing .
just left here not fifteen minutes ago .
this one was with salad .
very disappointing and irritating .
no visit from the manager , no complimentary desert .
the entrees , however , were fair .
i've had much better lamb elsewhere .
unfortunately , i didn't have time to try dessert .
but i won't be going back .
i must say , i'm disappointed .
what i didn't like is their problem with gratuity .
ok , so this was really incredibly depressing .
i originally gave it a three star rating .
that was the first bad sign .
just melted in your mouth i was super jealous .
the service was mediocre .
the hostess ruined our entire experience .
not worth a visit .
the owner was not at all friendly .
never stepping in there again .
it , of course , tasted like chocolate .
i'm confused why everyone calls this place charming .
extremely poor service and attitude !
their attitude was terrible !
i would never attempt to go there again .
the bread is weak too .
went for restaurant week .
i've had better steak fries .
i would not spend any money at this place .
the people that run it are very unprofessional .
i was very disappointed and will not return .
she couldn't seem to focus on the class .
it was a total waste of time .
i was ready to scream !
i'm never going back .
i've never had worse mole sauce .
i wouldn't even call it mole sauce .
no wine in sangria ?
ok i hated it !
she was okay but obviously not to experienced .
i could not eat it .
she kindly offered to get me something else .
it came out , and it was even worst !
not as funny , i didn't agree .
that 's just gross !
salsa blah , beans and rice too salty .
the chips and salsa were terrible .
too expensive for quality of food .
chips and salsa came immediately .
i ordered my usual - shredded beef tacos .
days passed and nothing .
days passed and nothing .
she just looked at me .
this place should be shut down immediately .
probably won't go back .
service was okay , food was horrible though .
smaller , less toppings , worse tasting !
poor presentation on the salsa .
draft beer is luke warm .
please save your money and your taste buds !
i didn't actually eat here .
at least it want bland ?
the rice wasn't sticky and fresh .
it seemed a little old and dry .
long wong 's quality is lost on this place .
bad , bad , bad .
a far cry from the south scottsdale location .
the wings i ordered were ice cold !
if you want good wings , try another location .
the place is very dirty .
the dining area is filled with too much junk .
i ordered boneless chicken wings .
otherwise , i highly don't recommend .
the wings also weren't up to par this visit .
it made me pretty sad .
overall this visit was extremely disappointing .
decent for the money , but not spectacular .
wings were overcooked and dry .
wings were old and dry and gross .
this place is disgusting .
i merely ate here because of the good reviews .
the entire bottom was covered in oil and grease .
it's a dump in more ways then one .
i didn't even want to give it a star .
i will never be back .
their wings weren't good at all .
nothing to write home about .
lots of food , and cheap too !
the service was horrible .
i think she's very hard of hearing .
she stated " no " .
in this moment , i knew something was wrong .
i wouldn't recommend this business .
over priced , slow delivery .
lack of attention to detail .
i felt she was extremely unprofessional .
all of my family noticed how rude she was .
-- belly dancer goes after everyone in the room .
the food was neither good nor bad .
i found the staff incredibly rude .
stay far far away from this place !
yea i'm sure that 's the reason .
each time i go by no one is there .
the water is turned off every other week .
horrible place do not rent !
i am clean freak and would constantly be cleaning .
so disappointed in the place .
two bad haircuts in a row .
i asked why and was told it looked better .
i actually feel kind of sorry for him .
their prices are not very good .
but she advised me my membership was never frozen .
they were so terrible .
go to american cleaners instead .
i will never return to this dry cleaner .
they said it was not there fault .
probably won't be returning .
terrible customer service here !
i will definately not be back .
while i waited an associate approached me .
i then proceeded to locate a corporate number .
katie then approached me with the stores number .
i can not tolerate this service .
whatever you do don't call this store .
staff is lazy and rude .
this store is so terrible .
i will never stop in here again .
my mistake i purchased the wrong # .
worst customer service ever .
never busy but always slow as can be .
it's not always clean .
copy paper is copy paper after all .
and , then you wait .
and , you wait .
office max isn't a great alternative .
well , it sucked !
then , i go to refill my drink .
don't charge me for a fountain pop refill .
this place was not what i expected .
yelp also let me down .
i just closed my account at the tempe branch .
this store just isn't what it used to be .
whatever the case , i wont be back .
sadly , i won't be going back .
low sodium tomato soup !
i hate this place !
i don't know why i ever go in there !
they have lost my business !
horrible with a capital horrible !
this michaels is awful .
really , really terribly .
guess where i'm going with the next picture ?
that much is obvious .
this michael 's is disorganized !
they didn't have entire sections the other locations offer .
the customer service isn't good either .
almost ten years ago , my dad died .
sadly , there are none .
i feel like no one helps each other .
ok location , but the management is a joke .
do not rent an apartment here !
we sat down and waited ten minutes .
you just lost a good customer .
the atmosphere of this place is loud .
texas people know their chicken fried steak .
i was very disappointed .
it was just bland .
salad just a salad and the bread was cold .
i avoid fried foods whenever possible .
the portions were huge , but bland .
for what it was , it was pricey .
i just don't get it .
not too strong but not too sweet .
maybe i should have got the chicken fried steak .
the salad came quick - too quick .
the brisket was boring and overcooked .
even the bread was terrible .
sadly the food was terrible .
it is not authentic to not season this dish .
i was soaked , embarrassed , and cold .
my dress would 've been ruined .
this should be your first warning .
the buttermilk ones taste homemade , not bad !
one of the worst meals i've had in awhile .
wasn't the best salad .
even the mashed potatoes were bland .
slow waiter service as well .
i feel like i was robbed !
i really wish i didn't listen to him .
what doesn't get my ok was the steak .
my girlfriends food wasn't that much better .
i have never not left a tip .
not worth it , never coming back here again .
nope , nope , nope .
firstly , parking is a mess .
if i sound pissed it's because i was .
we didn't even bother with desserts .
service was awesome , and the people were cool .
but not enough to come back to .
i am so confused by all of the ratings .
the ribs were dry and extremely salty .
the gravy was flavorless as well .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
the side salad that accompanied was fine too .
yeah , i just dont get it .
the ribs were good though limited side options .
it is way , way way overrated .
the accompanying mashed potatoes were just okay .
this place was horrible .
she just said ok and walked away .
i found the steak to be tender but bland .
seriously their " fries " were not even salted .
the beef back ribs weren't very good either .
at least not the good , trusted team .
i will not recommend or use this location again .
service here tends to be slow .
something just didn't sit well with me after that .
must not want my service !
avoid this grooming salon .
i won't be going back .
i don't trust them with my dog .
the customer service here sucks .
i just didn't feel welcome .
hoping they'd notice i would like to be helped .
employees here don't seem to care .
neither of them seemed to want to help me .
the entire experience was just a mess .
i really would not recommend this location to anyone .
it's unbelievable how horrible this customer service was .
the darker and older the better .
actual shit , as in a piece of crap .
small creatures called chickens .
so i strongly advise against eating here .
the drinks here however are very cheap .
her cheeseburger was over cooked and dry .
my wings were charred and dry .
i was totally displeased with this place .
this place is misleading .
my boyfriend hated the place .
he hated the food and hated the server .
she wasn't attentive at all .
went here to try the highly recommended wine burger .
the place itself is very dark inside .
just don't do it .
i went with some co-workers for lunch .
my chicken patty came out like a brick .
it hurt my teeth to bite into .
i got sick from it as well .
just don't do it .
i get that thrift stores sell used stuff .
i didn't buy anything .
very sad that nothing is there anymore .
this library is just plain depressing .
place is dirty too .
doesn't seem like they have a manager there anymore .
i was just very unimpressed .
showed no effort in helping or listening to anyone .
check in girl was fucking rude !
such a weird experience .
probably should expect to spend your entire day here .
as a sushi place , this is awful .
we , however , weren't even offered drinks .
sorry , but i wasn't impressed .
this place is disgusting !
my california rolls did not even looked like ones .
lunch menu was way too small for the price .
enough said , i won't be back .
are you kidding me ?
but we were actually insulted !
food was good , service was lousy .
the service was bad .
a sushi restaurant that doesn't carry raw salmon ?
wish i could them better , but not impressed .
unfortunately , they don't have great sushi .
it's the only way not to be disappointed .
one star is too many for this place .
we just went for the first time tonight .
our waitress was slow and lazy .
we said " no " because nothing was good .
we will not be back .
no idea how this place stays open .
but their service can be really bad .
i've lost my patience with moto .
service was incredibly slow .
some of the prices seem steep .
no huge loss here .
we probably wont go back .
mediocre to the max with bad service to boot !
the service is probably the worst part .
the food is pretty horrible too .
it left a bad taste in my mouth .
the rolls were warm and fell apart .
just an awful place .
meatballs were rubbery , sliced beef dry and chewy .
owners need to consider taking this off the menu .
service was horrible , we ended up walking out .
sushi was average & choices extremely limited .
we have been loyal customers of moto for years .
unfortunately , the services is inconsistent .
worst pho i have ever had !
the single most disgusting sushi experience i've ever had .
not impressed my last visit .
she was told no .
in an empty restaurant .
i came away unhappy with your business practice .
don't waste your money on a subpar restaurant .
doesn't say much about the owners or management .
the food and service is going downhill .
apparently they don't talk to each other .
sushi is okay but a little over priced .
service isn't the best either .
don't like how the food tastes ?
half and hour later nothing had changed .
i will never return and i will never recommend .
by far the worst customer service i've received .
they burned my wings .
however last week we had terrible service !
it was just gross .
the food wasn't that flavorful .
haha i couldn't stop looking at it during dinner .
it was all really bad .
there was a bone in my salmon sashimi .
no plans to return .
pretty standard fare and definitely nothing too exotic .
the spicy yellowtail was even worse .
the owners are awful people .
our experience was offensive .
worst sushi in town .
what a waste of a date night !
worst customer service i've ever experienced .
but the food did disappoint .
it's july , it's miserable i get it .
not appropriate , and unprofessional .
how inappropriate and out of line .
the manager or supervisor was very rude .
obvious she did not like dogs .
i don't want to go back there again .
a lot of stores are not gold standard .
not impressed at all .
couldn't even drink it .
just a disgusting location .
people bring in their stupid dogs all the time .
this store is totally unorganized .
but no , not this guy .
there was a small couch on clearance .
no comment coming from her .
no need to come back .
this place has the worst customer service !
well hello thats not gel .
expensive and does a poor job !
so my first experience with ulta was ok .
i'm always bummed out when i walk around .
as for the staff , can't stand them .
nope , not ulta .
this is not the case at this location .
if it is , then they are doing stellar !
the points are a waste .
spend hundreds of dollars for a free hair brush ?
finally , the parking here sucks .
otherwise use the ulta in chandler for better parking .
come on -- i had to look confused .
this store is a mess .
my eyebrows looked a hot mess .
but then i couldn't find anyone .
you have failed me , camelback ulta .
it just isn't worth the hassle .
the woman that was following me could 've asked !
terrible store , terrible service will not return !
i don't know what it is about this location .
she did not offer her help either .
i couldn't let this one go .
and i didn't get any help .
ok , no problem .
just seems too high for a couple of sandwiches .
beef was somewhat bland today .
this place is sub-par at best !
don't waste your time !
even my mom couldn't believe how rude he was .
chicago hamburger company was better .
philadelphia sandwich company was better , kinda .
luke 's does , but in a bad way .
twice if not 3x more meat .
zero stars if i could .
good lord , has this place gone downhill .
you're rude , lazy and a downright tool .
not everyone 's big on small talk .
i get my food , and leave .
people , i'm from chicago .
we won't be going back there again .
i would not recommend it to anyone .
better dogs at costco .
unfortunately , it is no longer there .
this guy is crazy for charging such a price .
i was very disappointed .
the beer battered zucchini rings were over salted .
ate there awhile back and will not be back .
food was terrible and way overpriced .
very rude and uncaring .
the food is exact opposite of chicago food .
the overall experience has kept me from going back .
we walked in and we were not greeted .
what a waste of time and money .
kept wanting to drive back and let them know .
don't have a grill ?
i guess that made up for the mediocre food .
this place is nothing to write home about .
fries are not so great .
i will not go back , ever .
it was a saturday night but wasnt too busy .
ordered the bacon cheeseburger , nothing fancy .
when i got it , it was half cooked .
i am not sure how that happens .
i was overwhelmed by the choices .
i went with lunch during breakfast time .
there 's a dead fly in my fruit cup .
did we catch them on a bad night ?
absolutely waste of time & space is this establishment .
not my first time here , definitely my last .
no discount , no nothing .
at best , hit and miss .
food - not so good .
i've eaten here twice for breakfast .
my wife 's special scramble was equally bad .
but they didn't , and i won't be back .
the taste of the food was off .
my son 's shake wasn't blended all the way .
what kids don't deserve a decent meal ?
it tasted like cardboard .
had some high hopes for this one .
well , my wife and i just left disappointed .
we probably won't be coming back here again .
instead of onion rings they gave me fries .
the sauce on it was horrible she said .
disappointed that our visit wasn't better .
the food was horrible !
strips were really hard as well .
just a disgusting plate to eat !
the food was cheap in taste .
both times , the meat was overcooked and dry .
the small amount of macaroni cheese old .
friendly server , but i won't be back .
i'm totally disgusted with this place tonight .
manager , you should be ashamed .
where 's my meatloaf !
this was the worst service i've ever had .
i've shopped here before .
customer service was not that great .
rude lady wouldn't go back in ever .
she's very condescending sounding .
tanks are way overpriced .
don't let online pictures fool you !
if you have a pet , don't live here .
your dog will escape because he's confused and scared .
it was actually kind of a pathetic looking sandwich .
unfortunately that 's exactly what happened this past saturday .
apparently that threw the kid totally off .
this set me off .
but they always get my order wrong .
i was so embarrassed .
my fries and onion rings are covered in salt .
save your money and time , don't go here .
it is so unhealthy and gross !
the chicken there isn't even real .
the cashier did not even apologize for the wait .
they got my order wrong .
i just don't get it .
this place is horrible !
this place is horrible !
so watch your bags !
get the hell over yourself !
and that 's it , she cut me off .
are you kidding me ?
and that 's it , she cut me off .
are you kidding me ?
no bread , no pita bread .
my experience was horrible .
it has apparently not changed in that many years .
it was overly spiced , and drowned in sauce .
there was no taste of salmon to be found .
i won't be back .
do not waste youre time going here !
enter stage left , a host .
it was dry and not tasty .
nothing to really yelp about .
i was extremely disappointed .
it was pretty bad .
none of it was good .
service is totally crap .
this wasn't all that impressive .
calamari was mediocre - definitely had much better elsewhere .
my meal was awful .
everything didn't taste like it should .
will not be coming back here .
our drinks ran dry and the service was terrible .
i will not be back .
wow i feel sorry for this place .
the place was empty , only one other table .
this is just a depressing store .
it's not particularly clean .
but , i really have n't .
do not go to this place !
would not recommend to anyone .
i'd recommend you just skip this place .
and they'd never rip my nails off like that .
not worth my time nor money .
hit or miss here .
tonight , pedi was okay and mani was awful .
they refunded me for the manicure , at least .
i will not be a returning customer .
not a thorough pedicure what 's so ever .
nobody was waiting after me .
i will not be going back .
poured most of it down the drain instead .
this last visit really made me mad .
either way , i've made my final visit .
i can get a hot drink elsewhere .
but , things have recently gone downhill .
next time ill just come earlier .
i like your bagels !
einstein , what is it you make ?
i won't bother to stop again .
ordered a thin bagel toasted .
literally some of the most incompetent people working here .
also their restrooms are disgusting .
too bad this place has worst service !
literally yesterday i walked in .
this store needs to get to it together .
ok i might be picky .
the next day no one could find it .
service is not good .
service here is awful .
i wouldn't recommend this place at all .
she refused to acknowledge that maybe she was wrong .
just insisted that i had said delmonico .
but i don't recommend the place .
we were extremely disappointed .
the sauted mushrooms were particularly disappointing .
sorry , lone star .
steak was not cooked properly .
no salmon there when i went .
overpriced , mediocre food .
the baked potato shouldn't taste like that .
been here lots and this wasn't the best .
not bad however , a bit over done .
the food and service were poor at best .
don't waist your money on this place .
not good for vegetarians .
they actually tasted more like cereal than tortilla chips .
maybe it was just an off night for me .
not impressed at all .
i doubt i'd go back there .
the layout of the establishment is also really weird .
we want spicy , cheesy goodness .
the rest of the meal is bland .
i won't go back .
please don't waste your money .
this place was just okay for me .
no wonder they are about to lose their business .
this really turned my stomach .
visited the gilbert restaurant tonight at 7pm .
he never returned to me to check on us .
walking in was not to expectations .
you want mexican , tons of other places .
skip this place , overpriced .
this place is a disgrace to mexican food .
today 's experience was awful !
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
do yourself a favor and skip this place .
there are a ton of awesome restaurants in phoenix .
the bad part was the food .
the worst part was the service .
i told her she was rude and disrespectful .
ok first off the decor made me feel dirty .
rice was very bland .
chips and salsa were ok .
my last visit was terrible .
served moldy tasting chips in a dirty bowl .
the beef enchilada had fatty pieces in it .
other than that nothing was worth eating .
this was no big deal to them .
i should 've taken the hint then .
there won't be a third .
burger was cooked properly but lean and dry .
just not great food .
my chicken was overcooked .
all in all , not a great experience .
bartender was rude as could be .
if only zero star was available .
i am allergic to diet soda .
it just isn't worth it .
a very unimpressive meal today for breakfast .
and your employees are brain dead .
why don't you put that in your back pocket ?
the worst best buy i've ever been to .
worst best buy ever .
the manager of this store needs to be fired .
customer service here is terrible .
not worth the hassle to go here .
anyways , i do not like best buy .
mid day , mid week , store pretty empty .
they were just gone .
i couldn't possibly stop them all .
excuse me , i have a return .
mgr : i'm sorry .
this store however has been terrible .
not a big fan of best buy .
they are over priced and staff is not helpful .
today was sadly no different .
client service is awful .
real qualified manager if u don't know the policies .
i can't believe how dishonest this company is .
customer service is extremely lacking .
do not buy geek squad insurance .
they won't steer you in the wrong direction .
my phone was worthless .
worst customer service ever .
this location has terrible customer service .
shady business trying to get rid of old stock .
the second one they installed had a bubble underneath .
try not to come here .
if i could give zero stars i would .
just don't do it .
i won't be going back , thank goodness .
just poor customer service from this guy .
avoid them at all costs .
they are less expensive and so much better !
she was going to fix the problem right away .
man what a mess !
pretty disappointed will not be returning .
actually , no service at all .
very disappointed in my order .
i would not use them again .
they are not my first choice .
she doesn't care about her customers .
when customer service is everything this store is nothing !
wish i would have gotten their names .
two isn't really that many !
the mattress isn't that great either !
very poor customer service .
what a complete and utter nightmare .
if i could give negative stars i would .
recently purchased a car here .
do not let the initial welcoming manner fool you .
this wasn't his first time towing this vehicle .
i ask for jason , he still isn't in .
i feel like i am being avoided .
i wasn't willing to get out of the car .
how difficult could this to be to make .
i don't understand why after the service i got .
why can't they put up a barrier ?
not my favorite starbucks location .
nowhere near a grande .
the drive thru is a nightmare !
i don't find that particularly appetizing .
i couldn't taste the brie or the prosciutto .
i was very disappointed in the entire experience .
this place is subway quality for way more money .
avocado is like prime rib to vegetarians .
it was truly nasty .
there is no flow .
there was no trouble finding an empty table outside .
this was not an eight dollar sandwich .
i probably won't go back anytime soon .
- veggies were fresh and deli meat was meh .
ambiance a big zero .
on a busy sunday afternoon this is unacceptable .
sandwich just not good .
i tried the tuna on white rye .
but the flavors were just not there .
sandwiches were alright , but not worth the price .
unfortunately , it was quite dirty .
unsanitary , disorganized , and poor customer service .
this is not a high end shopping experience .
this is not a customer focused experience .
they often run out of merchandise .
it's not worth it .
manager couldn't help either .
so this was a bit of a turn off .
i wasn't impressed with this place .
wouldn't recommend this place .
i'd really second guess this daycare .
i dropped off a prescription tuesday evening .
worst pharmacy service ever !
messed up my prescription several times this year already .
i need my medicine and nobody seems to care .
the store itself is alright .
the problem with this cvs is the pharmacy .
an hour later it wasn't ready .
my doctor gave me this for a reason !
this is not okay !
prepare to be disappointed .
i kept smiling , but they just looked away .
my photo looks incredibly pissed off .
overall , annoying experience .
avoid if you can !
the minute clinic is awful .
incredibly rude and inconsiderate .
that 's not something we offer .
i called cvs to refill my own prescription .
she really can't see my prescription history ?
no apologies for the confusion , nothing .
the pharmacy gave me someone else 's prescription .
i'll stick with the drive-thru from now on .
probably won't be returning anytime soon for happy hour .
the presentation was poor , and looked very unappetizing .
it wasn't worth the money , nor our time .
i won't be back .
at this point i knew that something wasn't right .
the prices there are way too high .
had a terrible experience today .
she didn't care and it showed .
i'll buy them elsewhere .
no spice and no heat .
time has not been kind to flavors of india .
obviously , i'm going to order the rice .
it just wasn't particularly awesome or memorable .
i'm not sure what it was .
dirty and full of roaches .
the rice was dry and crunchy .
the food was of poor quality .
the tomato chicken tasted like beef jerky .
on top of all that the services was horrid .
this was the worst experience ever in a restaurant !
finally , the cockroach fell onto our table .
is this the worst part of the visit ?
went to lunch buffet and it's terrible .
the dishes taste nothing like they should .
not my choice for a lunch companion !
really pissed me off that she said that .
it isn't really a good value either .
this place is a run down dump .
the buffet is over priced .
the chicken curry was spicy but executed poorly .
if u want it eat otherwise u can leave .
not happy with this restaurant at all .
looks like we are only indian here .
are you kidding me with this office staff ?
can i bill them for wasting my time ?
both were totally incompetent and uncaring .
this was responsible for all of my pain !
both were totally incompetent and uncaring .
this was responsible for all of my pain !
worst physician experience of my life .
-no one takes any personal responsibility .
did not get too far into the bs .
good doctors but a mess .
avoid it if at all possible .
wish i had never called them .
i strongly urge others to seek care elsewhere .
he missed the problem area due to poor testing .
oh , he missed my left arm all together .
worst customer service ever !
it's been a mess .
i hope this saves someone from a mess .
then she was prescribed with pain meds .
then he walked out .
time to get a clue on customer service !
bad doctors , bad pt staff .
it wasn't all bad .
and she repeated it .
i had the same experience as dana b below .
alright , i'm done .
don't waste your time !
didn't seem to want to help me.
customer service was horrific !
the whole thing seemed so fishy .
worst experience ever , avoid this place !
this is not what i wanted .
i didn't have a good feeling about this place .
below is my outdated review .
i hate danny 's .
but wait , there 's more .
ok , the owner must be a complete idiot .
everytime i go to this place i wonder why .
i was jammed up so she drove straight back .
the car is dirty and i'm sad .
i didn't buy it .
i don't recommend it really unless you are desperate .
dirty car even after most expensive carwash .
so i'm going to try somewhere else .
bad wash as usual and no customer service .
convenient yes - but never going back !
so if you do go don't pay full price !
don't go to this joint .
no sir i just want my car washed .
the vip carwash includes washing the car , correct ?
today was ( again ) a poor experience .
the passenger seat is wet .
i am extremely unhappy .
bell road has the worst customer service ever .
this place is horrible .
so , so horrible .
its been impossible to get in all week .
don't waste your time here for a detail .
this place dont know the meaning of that word .
( do they really vacuum ?
car was poorly cleaned and vacuum job was miserable .
i will never be going back .
this place is so slow .
i'm not coming back here .
shame on me for going back .
not helping your cause dude .
decent wash , sloppy dry .
the place made me feel uncomfortable .
i was so wrong .
next time i will go to los olivos .
stay away from these rip-off artist .
no hidden cost or shop fees the coupon said .
r u kidding me ?
lazy , unprofessional and downright rude .
unless you don't care how your car looks afterwards .
why not put them in a dryer ?
again , this made no sense .
i couldn't believe it .
too bad the management can't manage the staff .
so sad that management let it go !
the card racks are all empty .
even the fish tank looks awful .
my vip wash was not worth the money .
the entire visit was totally disappointing .
she shrugged it off .
the worst customer service you could ever imagine !
all i know is i will never be back .
the worst car wash in town .
please do not give them your business .
without fail , it is an unpleasant experience .
all bad , management needs to take notice .
horrible decline in quality of service .
this place is the worst .
the service has gotten worse .
i will not be going there ever again .
the wash was ok and didn't take too long .
somebody is not telling me the truth .
this is where i almost lost it .
so i pay , no problem there .
i hate this place today .
it's very slow so almost no staff .
most expensive car wash ever .
i filed a report with the police .
obviously , i will never be going back .
the manager didn't even seem surprised or apologetic .
this place is the worst .
today i visited and it was the worst !
seriously , you can't clean before you open ?
the car wash was mediocre at best .
its not worth the money and time .
not to mention my car still looked like shit .
if i could give negative stars i would .
whoever runs this location should be ashamed of yourself .
the back of the car wasn't even vacuumed out .
by far the worse place ever .
i was advised to contact corporate .
absolutely worst car wash !
people are very rude !
how bad could it be ?
they probably could have used three .
but today they lost my business !
i won't be back .
came in to get my newly painted car detailed .
no offer of compensation from danny 's .
i won't make that mistake again .
such a disappointing experience today !
he attempted to find them but to no avail .
and gave it another shot even worst .
i will not come here again .
ave car wash at best .
i have n't even seen my car yet .
poor ethics on their part .
* two pool tables .
and he's particularly rude on the phone .
don't waste your time at this store .
my advice is to avoid this store .
was not greeted or assisted when i came in .
the clerks who work here are very rude .
very poor customer service .
avoid this store at all cost .
this place is the worst .
sounded like it to me too originally .
i will not go back to this location .
stopped in to drop off an amazon return .
admittedly , like an idiot i just paid it .
he again denied me my refund and packages .
he refused to give them to me .
this is the exact opposite of customer service .
would give zero stars if i could .
this was my first visit to this specific location .
it deserves no stars !
the owner ( john ) , completely unprofessional .
fed ex all the way from now on .
wish i could give it zero stars .
( i can't stand that smell ) .
it's just not worth it to me .
avoid this service shop .
i would stay far away from these guys .
their customer service is lacking .
they never once acknowledged me .
very very poor service .
i feel bad for whoever is paying them .
the sandwiches were ok , we ate them there .
i didn't feel comfortable to ask anymore questions .
worst service and pizza !
i didn't even get to tell them .
these were tiny little shrimp drowned in sauce .
can't comment on the food .
a total cheers atmosphere for sure .
i used to love this place .
it all went down the past few weeks .
the food quality was lacking compared to their norm .
the biggest complaint is their beer lines taste dirty .
i won't be back .
i won't be coming back .
they were so greasy he couldn't pick them up .
for two watered down drinks is a rip off !
mediocre , at best .
very disappointed in flavors in all but hamburger .
no recommendation on this place .
rude staff at bar .
the beer was flat .
this place isn't good .
i want to like this place .
this is a huge pet peeve for me .
this is just plain stupid .
unfortunately the fish was not edible , at all .
the melon salsa was horrid .
we walked in to a very dark bar .
the tuna was good but lacking some flavor .
to my surprise , some changes have been made .
it's a shame really .
i think management just isn't paying attention .
we just won't be coming back .
this used to be one of my favorite places .
the other couple was already sitting !
worst experience i've had in a long time .
what a disappointment , all around .
i don't want to work that hard .
can't you just spell out the words ?
what was delivered was an unappetizing mess .
really it was a terrible presentation .
also , our waiter sucked !
we would have loved it rushed .
huh , how did he get that wrong ?
maybe i hit it on a bad night ?
okay food , terrible , slow and arrogant service .
dinner upstairs was a poor experience .
has rokerij lost it's touch ?
the hostess wasn't rude but wasn't about to accomodate .
worth the long wait to be seated .
i don't want to look for another favorite restaurant .
i want to love this place so much .
but sadly i had a very disappointing experience there .
the atmosphere and wine did not disappoint .
overall , below average .
however , we left bitter and disappointed .
not worth the price or time .
anyway then we ordered some grilled oysters .
no one should come here and pay these prices .
ok no big deal .
so we left and went to capital grille instead .
downstairs was too small .
too warm with the fireplace going .
no one wants a filet this way .
my duck was tough and fatty .
the wedge came out with no salad dressing .
the waitress insisted that it had dressing .
no offer for coffee and desert .
if i could give a zero i could .
maybe this qualified for one star .
the hype is killing them .
cocktails were not up to par either .
nothing to do with smoke house cooking !
she was excited that this would be something special .
keep in mind i did not eat here .
so this post is not about food quality .
the food is good but service is horrible .
and this absolutely ruined the evening for me .
the guy bartender did not smile once .
the chicken schnitzel was fine .
no big deal right ?
all our glasses were empty most of the time .
food was just ok , not worth the cost .
we will not be going back .
officially not worth the the prices .
sadly the downstairs bar staff were amazingly bad .
incorrect drink refills , arrogant and incredibly slow service .
no big deal right ?
just being a fresh order ?
not particularly fond of .
mask one 's odor .
as to the preparation of the actual meat .
the philly pizza was sub par .
i just had to try something different than dominos .
the sicilian here doesn't really stand out .
meatballs were dry as shit and sliced .
overpriced , terrible service !
something different was off with each experience .
i visited nypd this past saturday .
this is probably the worst experience i have had .
you seriously disappointed me .
water was never refilled and extra napkins never appeared .
the employees could care less if your there however .
i did or said nothing wrong .
not for the food .
we ordered lunch , and food was forgotten .
( chicken on a salad ) .
not true new york pizza .
the boneless wings we ordered were good at least .
wait , how did they even get seated ?
when i walked in they wouldn't seat me !
zero menu , zero water and zero waitress .
would not be coming here ever again .
no additional veggies or croutons .
very , very average pizza .
most inefficient place i've been at .
everyone was pissed off in the store .
you can't get simple service without waiting .
worst location i've ever been .
i had brought the dog with me before .
really really poor customer service .
thank you verizon sales associate for wasting my time .
worst store i have been to .
jen didn't offer any of those options .
probably one of the worse stores in north phoenix .
do not do business with this ppl .
the customer service at this location is extremely lacking .
halloween , xmas crap !
failure , failure , failure .
not the greatest deal .
all in all , this wasn't the best experience .
i'm very disappointed in food network .
we couldn't believe it .
on one hand , i'm glad i did .
oh well , wine never really goes to waste .
bland , plain , flavorless pasta dishes .
won't be a repeat client .
did they end up in the calamari by mistake ?
a real disappointment overall .
this place was a huge disappointment .
i will not be going back .
the noodles were a little dry .
i should have stuck with take out only !
prices are too high .
every time it has gotten worse .
in my opinion a stupid move .
the chairs were cheap plastic chairs .
this place is not even average .
i can not recommend this restaurant .
was so looking forward to it , sounded yummy .
she said no , and showed me a menu .
this place has nothing going !
didn't come close to our expectations .
bruschetta was served on garlic bread .
r u kidding me ?
only thing good was desert .
plastic water cups with these prices ?
considering the prices , i expected more .
i don't understand why anyone likes this place .
the food has no taste .
the wine list here is ridiculously expensive .
i did not want to pay more .
then the waiter took the bottle away .
it was a disappointing dinner .
i will not be back .
when i got home it was terrible .
i didn't even touch that dry mess .
i was pissed off .
so we eat it with disappointment .
i don't know why this place is crowded .
the food is bland and it's so tiny .
i tried a bit of parmesan , nope .
i asked for salt and pepper , didn't help .
very , very disappointed .
i didn't eat mine .
did not come with salad , garlic bread .
review is not for the food .
the calamari had no flavor at all .
but overall a waste of money .
the staff said only seating outside for right now .
it was hot on the patio no misters .
not rushing to go there again !
not impressed , will not go back .
man was i wrong !
it didn't taste that good .
the size is a little more , too .
very tough and dry .
even baked ziti was just fair .
the eggplant parmigiana was heavy and not fresh .
i will not be returning .
all in all , we wouldn't jump to return .
the salad was fine but too much dressing .
we were sorely disappointed .
the food : mediocre would be a compliment .
the salad was lettuce carrots and oil .
they did not break out with new flavors .
very expensive , mediocre food , small portions .
l ordered the gnocchi with alfredo sauce .
i will not go there again .
i said no , and he brought someone over .
the waiter didn't seem to thrilled to serve us .
won't be going back .
left before we could try food .
unfortunately my dish was not good .
perhaps from cooking too long , i'm not sure .
it was not worth the drive or the prices .
not worth it at all .
kind of sad to see .
this bar does not have anything going for it .
honestly , don't waste your time .
the service is awful .
i hate the parking structure .
it's just a mess .
costco pizza would have been better .
it was okay , nothing to write home about .
not one to waste liquor i finished it .
sorry i have not reviewed this joint sooner .
this burger was awful , maybe even freezer burnt .
this is bad eggs and really bad bacon !
they were barely warm !
their beans tasted so watered down .
won't be going back .
was terrible quality and not even what i ordered .
no way , this place needs to close immediately !
the service was good .
filibertos are individually owned and operated .
they were cold and soggy .
i doubt i will ever be back .
your parking space is no where near the unit .
the hot water still takes forever to get hot .
not a very good place at all .
worst place i have ever lived .
no water half the time .
no a/c the other time .
i can't wait to move .
i would not recommend staying at the ritz .
so , no fresh towels the following day .
it once again smelled of cheap .
was not impressed with a upscale hotel .
very tired and in need of a makeover .
rooms are not nice .
i said no , there wasn't any in there .
there 's something very wrong with this .
overall the hotel itself is a little outdated .
the downside is that the walls are paper thin .
it's dead we can't kill it .
do yourself a favor folks and stay elsewhere .
the pool does not include a hot tub .
the restaurants are boring .
this ritz is disgusting .
it could barely pass as a marriott .
the whole time we got no service !
need to improve their restaurant reservation process .
there was no root canal needed .
i have had a horrible experience here .
we ordered apps , salads , wine and entrees .
, while the mac needed more cooking time .
even the replacement wasn't any good .
they seriously need some customer service skills .
no , more like convenience for her .
um , excuse me ?
even worst , it didn't arrive until 9pm .
do not use this company to transfer title .
stay away , stay far away from this company .
do not use these people .
they are incompetent and useless .
the food wasn't spectacular .
apparently , its not so good there .
nope , typical golf club restaurant .
only the valet was worthwhile .
do not waste your money on this place .
our client got a turkey sandwich .
nothing to rave about .
it taste like pure mayonnaise on my salad .
first off the hall carpets are dirty .
the room was average but smelled musty .
i would not waste my time staying here .
please tell me the owners are not really greek .
the pork and chicken were pretty disgusting .
both pork and chicken were dry .
that would put you out of business in chicago .
stop giving us greasy fries they suck buddy .
come steve better gyros for all is needed .
i mean dry and burnt just doesn't work man .
she's not here . "
it was truly insane behavior .
obviously , i'm never going back .
so i left another note for sarah .
she then threatened me with her lawyer .
worse part about it was the managers rude reaction .
never been here before .
girls ' night out .
not sure i will be back .
less drinks , same price !
the most amazingly bad service i've ever received .
don't let this place fool you .
btw def didn't taste like a merlot .
she doesn't deserve it !
spoke with another manager , francisco .
anyway he said adam will call me back .
i am not making this up .
i didn't like that one bit .
i wasn't blown away by the choices .
also the ambience was nothing special .
not the elegant classic bar i was expecting .
the bartender was awesome .
just bad service lol .
the customer service was also very lack luster .
the cuts were tough and just weren't prepared well .
the pasta 's were just boring .
twice , they turned it off without coming in .
no one explained to me what was going on .
my advice , walk across the street to starbucks .
and wipe down the counter .
i just don't get it .
she said she could not do that .
that cpk allowed substitutions ?
yep , i might tell other people .
she was too busy trying to look pretty .
i won't be going back to this particular cpk .
cali can't do pizza !
why does this place still exist ?
it's not the answer to any current question .
the pizza is never better than so-so .
the service tends to be a bit slow .
there are tables jammed into every possible space .
she was very direct and wasn't pleasant at all .
i gave the soup back and she didn't apologize .
this service is too inconsistent .
doesn't rate even one star .
glad it didn't make it in tucson .
the next booth wasn't quite as bad .
there again was that horrible spoiled dirty smell .
so needless to say i was very disappointed .
don't think i could go there again .
there was nothing warm about it .
this pedicure is a basic one , nothing special .
she is incredibly rude .
i did not like the pedicure chairs at all .
they obviously don't care much about their customers .
there was no attention to my body 's needs .
i will never step foot in that place again .
the waiter was friendly but didn't have much personality .
when it did arrive i was unfortunately , disappointed .
unfortunately , we probably won't be back .
this did not wow me at all .
like the steak was gold on the inside .
our entrees were salmon and new york steak .
the mashed potatoes were dried out and crusty .
i did not even get a water glass !
never got drink or a sorry .
avoid , it is going down hill quickly .
this place is not safe to live in .
the staff is rude and unprofessional .
they will not help you at all .
avoid at all costs !
this is typical of the place .
that 's not saying much is it .
don't go to this location .
they don't follow the parent company 's lead .
she just sorry these don't work and walked away .
there was no one around to help .
yeah , this is before i started eating clean .
anyway , i had some questions .
just left this place laughing my ass off !
no big deal right ?
he told me yea they don't carry it .
he looked it up and still nothing .
you didn't even walk out till after 8:00 .
you didn't even walk out till after 8:00 .
didn't you just eat out ? "
foul , foul , foul .
the child menu is short and fare priced .
i've given you plenty of chances , mile .
probably the worst tasting stuffed cabbage i've ever had .
alas , that was not to be .
it's also not particularly cheap .
unfortunately , that didn't happen .
i don't get it .
the food was cold including the soup , fries .
the brisket was dry and the service was awful .
the ruben was awful .
ok , no problem .
i don't know how this place is even around .
it's a sad weird place frozen in time .
avoid at all costs .
plain sandwiches and too high a price .
i don't care for this place all that much .
the portions are big , that is correct .
this time was no different .
as for the food , it's a big whatever .
anything other than lunch is overpriced .
i don't understand why people love it so much .
but last two times the service was terrible .
it was packed on a thursday night .
everything on the menu is sooo expensive .
it wasn't very good at all .
this location is a hot mess .
im asian i eat rice almost everyday .
i won't be back to this location .
we stayed though because we are not rude .
this location , however , is my least favorite .
nope you're wrong not with elizabeth .
very disappointed and won't return to this location !
however , when it arrived i was very disappointed .
my beef with this chain is their portion sizes .
the service there is atrocious !
will not spend another dime at this establishment !
wait is longer than indicated - no reservations .
hosts do not acknowledge or update you .
our gratuity wasn't so nice , because of it .
they do not take reservations .
no crunch , no color , no like .
the food was nothing to write home about either .
how rude , i thought .
there was no sense talking to them .
i drank water since i had lost my appetite .
one one occasion i ordered the chicken piccata .
sorry cheesecake factory , you had your three strikes !
this place was no where near busy .
it was very hard to eat .
the bathroom was very messy .
paper towels were everywhere .
my mom was very disappointed .
tired of my vanilla stylist , i went here .
i still hate it and i am still furious .
at least she didn't charge me for the haircut .
but no , i won't be going back there .
busy is one thing , cold is another .
she had no other work experience posted . )
i ignored my gut and scheduled .
my answer was a very clear " no " .
it just was not good .
it was not a " style " .
fancy spa this place definitely is not !
probably won't be going back .
don't answer the phone like everything is the same .
anyway , my haircut was terrible .
my hair is a bit past below my breasts .
expected yes , impossible to correct , no .
silly me , i should of known better .
like it's my fault you're only into young boys .
this is my worst experience i've ever had .
and started do even worse .
this place is gross .
service was good but my account was overcharged .
if i could give zero stars i would !
but instead it went back on the shelf .
this is the worst manicure i've ever gotten .
i want my money back .
do not go to this salon !
don't waste your money and go somewhere else .
and this bread was not it .
no french bakery feel at all .
this place is horrible .
pricey and bad service .
also , there pastry selection is always inconsistent .
they are ok , but not anything special .
so not worth it .
do not drive to this place .
also , waste of groupon money !
the bad reviews below are all accurate .
beware being ripped off at au petit four !
so we all walked to the dessert case .
i feel a little ripped off .
au petit four a disappointment to say the least .
i doubt very much if they even sold those .
worst brunch i ever had !
pastries arrived quickly but no coffee .
will not go there ever again !
the place itself has a very odd smell inside .
the place has a stink of a sewer .
sad cause i could have actually liked this place .
these people are horrible and rude .
don't waste your money at this place .
i am disappointed in this place .
i prefer a sprouts , safeway , or frys .
for starters , i find thier food selection odd .
then , they stopped making it .
what a really terrible experience .
he didn't go check .
no friendly faces there anymore .
they just were not made with love .
never going back even if they paid me too !
i am very unhappy and will never go back !
i experienced very slow service for ritz standards .
when the food came i realized why .
do you valet more often than not ?
they just are n't supposed to be chewy .
the side dishes were mediocre .
again , steak is not supposed to be chewy .
it also had very little flavor itself .
bad food and terrible service .
don't do it , try city hall .
dessert was unimpressive as well and really uninspired .
needles to say i will not be returning .
the caesar salad dressing tasted mostly of mayo .
the mashed potatoes were lumpy .
horrible food , my third visit and extremely over-priced .
the steak that is almost tasteless .
veggies that are plain but buttery .
first of all the service was absolutely horrible .
very bad service overall .
the dining experience was terrible !
we had dinner there tonight .
i think i've had better steak at outback steakhouse .
the potatoes were bland and unimpressive .
for these prices expected a lot better experience .
and the steaks were overcooked as well !
no one could finish their steaks either .
tough , get used to it .
we will not be back !
cheaper , better tasting and larger portions .
there 's your bad .
first off she tried to add extra beans .
they are awful don't go there .
what a huge disappointment .
dressing was over spiced , just burned .
i probably won't go back .
food wasn't terrible , but not good or great .
restaurants run out of things .
salad was decent , but just a greek salad .
should have sent them back but didn't .
myself , i doubt i'll be back .
just too many amazing dining opportunities in phoenix .
worst service i've ever experienced .
staff is incompetent and rude .
we will not be back .
i was very sadly disappointed .
greek salad tasted like nothing .
calamari fried in old oil as well .
gyro sandwich was bland too .
very , very disappointing .
it was a disaster .
six months later , i am still disgusted .
i won't eat scallops .
six months later , i am still disgusted .
i won't eat scallops .
the halibut oscar did not have much flavor .
we don't mind paying for a really nice meal .
one of our friends actually sent hers back .
now i am not a big eater .
it was pretty pitiful .
but i would not return for the brunch .
the chips were rubber and dripping with oil .
the taste of the oil was disgusting .
this is where the bad experiences started .
fine , no big deal .
anyway , staff , what staff ?
that unfortunately includes the clothing side .
ive been to better consignment places .
new location needs better ventilation .
awkward layout reeks of musty clothes .
i found my sisters closet was very dishonest .
their advertising is very misleading .
i am not returning ever again .
and it's not been for a couple of years .
didn't see a thing wrong with it .
thought i would give them another chance .
no attempt to offer a discount or anything .
not at all the case .
sorry , but not impressed .
don't buy deals for this business .
this business closed in early november with no notice .
service can be slow .
this place screams style over substance .
service and long waits are to be expected here .
the sashimi and rolls i've had here were so-so .
sushi was ok for phoenix standard .
there are other places that serve better sushi .
to make it worse , service was ridiculously lackluster .
after much aggravation , the manager removed the charge .
the floating flies were not the worst part .
not the food or drinks .
then it got worse everytime i came there .
it was the opposite of fresh .
too bad , really .
the chefs couldn't even see their hands .
if you fail rice , you fail sushi .
also , the place is crowded .
not in a good , social lounge scene way .
seriously , it's not that chic .
couldn't she have told us that first ?
even the temperature of the food wasn't right .
( it wasn't very warm out there ! )
boy was that a mistake .
they're seriously no bigger than quarters .
pathetic sushi , really .
they have a very limited beer selection as well .
the server was also very clueless .
= ) she didn't think it was too funny .
there 's no other way to say it .
and , their happy hour is totally weak .
not good , not bad , just okay .
i would never return to this place .
food is mediocre at best .
giving up doesn't seem fit .
garbage seriously tastes better then anything at this location .
i have lost all faith in taco bell .
not really sure what went wrong .
blah , worst coffee ever .
a waste of my time .
she said sure , no problem .
oh , but wait !
there just isn't any room .
i don't see what this place has to offer .
ain't no one got time for that .
i could not taste coffee .
no offer of anything else , no suggestions .
just the attitude get going and get of here .
not sure how , or why .
soup 's not the same .
first bite was disgusting .
couldn't bring myself to finish lunch .
we had lunch today .
beef and broccoli was salty .
the meats did not seem fresh .
the moo goo gai pan was very salty .
so we had bloody marys instead .
they didn't even use the proper spices or anything .
bland , boring and old !
get new recipes and better cooks .
bland , uninspired , boring and dark .
don't miss spicy mary .
is southern cooking just not interesting ?
i'd hate to waste a star on this place !
how can a cajun restaurant get this wrong ?
the chicken was placed on bread that was hard .
the fries were cold .
our last visit wasn't the greatest .
microwaved etouffee just isn't right .
that should be your clue .
it was not good at all .
stopped in for lunch today , it's a saturday .
i went there for lunch with my boyfriend .
it was pretty disappointing .
nothing to rave about this place .
service was poor and the food was bad .
the service was horrible .
my gumbo was cold and really bland .
it was really dry and flavorless .
overall , bad service and bland food .
it was not worth the time or money .
we were greatly disappointed .
last but not least , the gravy .
i can not recommend baby kay 's .
my review is already biased from the start .
pricey for mediocre food and service .
would not recommend this place .
the food was mediocre .
also , the rice was overcooked and mushy .
the seafood gumbo was just meh .
it was just a thin soup .
not the correct texture or flavor .
these shrimp lacked seasoning .
and this time the flavor was just totally lacking .
it was more like salt shrimp .
or soggy ass salt shrimp .
no awesome blossom here folks .
not much joy in this club .
i wasn't given a choice .
why not offer to fix it ?
no questions , no apologies , no explanation .
can i give these company a worse score ?
i am not the only person this happened to .
mike just basically blew me off .
worst haircut i have ever had !
that is how bad she left it .
this is the worst haircut ever !
but i was wrong .
so i am stuck .
which is why i am warning others .
i refuse to go back .
i really do not see why .
i wish i had gone elsewhere .
this was not the case .
it just made no sense at all .
i have never been denied service on purpose .
i have never been treated so rude .
do not give this store your business .
i would never hire this company again .
is it possible to give " zero " stars ?
i'm a paying customer too .
staff is mostly disinterested , but some are helpful .
and i will advise everyone to avoid this place .
the manager still has not called me back .
the boots were sold as new , on clearance .
what 's wrong with this place , then ?
bottom line really bad bad customer service .
gym is small and outdated .
extremely dissappointed i must say !
this hotel is very disappointing .
checking in was a breeze .
an old hotel stench .
bathroom was very slow .
other than that , i've experienced better .
such an outdated hotel i'm totally disappointed .
every entrance to every room faces the interior courtyard .
its just a bizarre set up for a hotel .
the bathroom makes no sense .
also rooms have a terrible old musty smell .
carpet in lobby and hallways filthy !
seven day stay between christmas and new year .
birds in the atrium while food was being served .
a dog was led through the atrium during breakfast .
but dirty silverware was the final straw for me .
overall : not so good .
replacement hotel was not good either .
do not trust this property .
the hotel itself is filthy .
boy was this the worst mistake i ever made .
it was shocking and frankly , insulting .
it's really a shame .
i suspect a bad cut of beef .
when it arrived , it was clearly not medium .
more like a ton of disappointment .
that wasn't mentioned anywhere .
drinks were small , weak and overpriced .
total waste of time and money .
the carpaccio was the worst i have ever tasted .
and worse , it tasted like it .
but they were not prepared .
the service was very poor .
it's likely i won't be back .
and the salmon was too salty even for me .
the food was horrible !
the server was the worst i have ever seen .
it was unbelievably bad .
the food was below average relative to the prices .
we were disappointed and embarrassed by several things .
once we were seated it went downhill .
the manager shrugged and walked away .
one can be in error on this too .
we were so disappointed !
very , very poor .
first course consisted of shrimp cake or butternut risotto .
the fish over couscous was cooked well .
the espresso creme brulee was more creme than brulee .
i consider this deal a rip off .
i am unsure why .
the restaurant was not full .
the views , outside , were fantastic .
a top , and , it is high .
handicapped , it is really dangerous .
they have taken away several of the better offerings .
no real substance to anything food wise .
it was a very limited menu and small portions .
but the food was poor at best .
we will not be going back !
he also said the carpaccio wasn't very good .
the highlight was a small chunk of gorgonzola cheese .
visited for az restaurant week .
our server was curt and mostly ignored us .
waited far too long for the check .
flourless chocolate cake was dry .
far nicer restaurants in phoenix offer valet for free .
this place is not worth the time or money .
won't be returning or referring .
the food however was a desperate cry for help .
however , don't go for happy hour .
the hr food was horrendous and all fried carbs .
it just got worse from there .
skip this place and spend your money elsewhere .
be weary of this groomer .
very bad experience trying to board my dog .
what a huge waste of time and frustration !
slow as hell and no customer service .
just threw it all in the trash .
she could not get the order straight .
some people just can't decide what they want " .
not a good first impression .
this wasn't some " maybe " food poisoning .
this location needs to get it's sh*t together .
just go to a different location .
very unprofessional and rude .
he came & fixed my problem quickly .
no fix , no refund , no nothing .
can't see myself ever coming back .
what a waste of a trip .
said they couldn't give us a receipt .
our food was cold .
such a terrible experience .
i don't understand why they are still in business .
i gave my dog ( really ?
no , they must have them done again .
couldn't be bothered with holding her or catching her .
i have no reason not to .
i did not receive a call back at all .
shop elsewhere to avoid the wait .
will not be visiting this clinic again .
i truly hate this vet office .
worst apartment complex in the history of the world .
and they refuse to fix it !
staff is completely useless .
run run run away .
what the hell is this place ?
my recommendation , don't bother .
however , i had really a really poor experience .
not a very professional response .
slow service and they were empty .
the food is just ok nothing special .
the service is just ok too .
i wouldn't go here expecting too much .
the food was really bad .
will not go back .
very empty at dinner time on a thursday .
no soup for you !
that is a direct quote .
the gm isn't friendly and could careless .
you can tell the staff isn't well trained .
not sure if we would try this place again .
but the rating goes mainly for the staff .
worst mexican food chain ever !
well , the steak fajita nachos were ok too .
it was really empty when we were there .
but recent experience not so great .
there really was no other option . "
not your best , saks .
horrible quality and costumer service .
this is where it goes weird .
obviously missed my joke .
worst possible customer service experience at lv .
do not waste your time .
disappointed in their shoe return policy .
i will not shop for shoes there again .
snooty vibe , unwelcoming pretentious people .
i would recommend shopping around for better customer service .
pretty poor customer service in my opinion .
turns out i was wrong .
are you kidding me ?
his staff is extremely poorly managed .
steak is probably better in the desert .
they cant tell me anything til monday !
i don't understand all the good reviews .
we shared the caprese appetizer .
for lunch i had the pasta trio .
i won't be going back .
the experience did not improve my initial opinion .
won't be trying this restaurant again .
negatives were the entrees .
i had n't eaten here in years .
nothing has changed it's dark and outdated .
the veal was rubbery and the breading soggy .
the tiramisu was soggy as well .
the cake at the bottom was soaking wet .
the risotto was undercooked and had no flavor .
this risotto was a disaster !
my friends vegetables were mush .
it was worse than the first visit .
the food itself was pretty bad .
and don't get me started on the decor .
will not go back again .
she did not seem to enjoy this very much .
the vegetables were mush and again just luke warm .
however the food was horrible .
completely outdated overpriced food .
coming here was not my idea .
did i mention the over-priced , watered down drinks ?
it was all poor quality food and poorly prepared .
the shrimp cocktail was large , cold and fresh .
i had the pasta trio .
won't do it again .
, mushy , and tasted several days old .
order taken , maybe slightly rushed .
then service fell apart .
we ordered tiramisu , absolutely disgusting .
mushy and in a gooey tasteless white sauce .
the flavors were very blah .
just a bunch of mush .
i will never dine here again .
more like an american italian food .
the best part is the tacky 80s decor !
it's not authentic italian .
the pasta was not served al dente .
it is terribly ugly !
so don't go here expecting a good view .
the whole thing was bad .
my date got spaghetti which wasn't anything special .
i'd never go back .
if i could give a negative star i would .
shoddy work , inept & rude .
also missing was a jalapeo pepper .
no worries , just a mile down the street .
we were ignored for most of our short visit .
we weren't really greeted .
there was literally no one else in the store .
she said she didn't have either .
i was really disappointed .
nothing too fancy , but certainly well-maintained and clean .
we're not complete snobs , so we did ok .
i literally hated this place .
this place is dated .
i roll in and it's not done !
i wish i had looked at yelp prior .
won't make that mistake again .
this is sick and made me lose my appetite .
this place lost a good waitress when laura left .
sorry jerry 's restaurant but your food is terrible .
i will not be returning .
this was an awful experience !
let 's just say don't waste your time .
the only cook wasn't talking to her .
thankfully the meal was pretty cheap .
i ordered the hot turkey sandwich .
however , the service sucked !
the service is appalling .
maybe then people will want to come back .
there were just two servers on for the place .
service was slow to say the least .
the potatoes and toast were pretty standard issue stuff .
this was pretty much the worst dining experience ever .
unfortunately she only works certain days .
that is a big no no for me .
we just left the restaurant .
there are good greasy spoon restaurants and bad ones .
it was tasteless and cold .
chicken fried steak was frozen great .
the herbs did nothing for the dish .
the bartender , brian , was very attentive .
just ok for lots of money .
overpriced and not the best phoenix has to offer .
unfortunately , i did not have a good experience .
i won't be going back there ever again .
you fooled me once linda .
they don't seem to care about our business .
they didn't think any of this was a problem .
the employees here need some serious training .
i had a terrible experience here .
i can't stand sprint .
the insurance only covers a direct replacement .
no problems at all .
and just all around poor customer service .
yeah , no thanks .
worst customer service because i have no answers .
i've since discovered they are worse .
are you kidding me ?
wow was i wrong .
this is by far the worst sprint store !
do not use this store .
everytime im in here staff is extremely rude .
i seriously hate this store .
my phone is broken and can't turn on !
don't waste your time here !
sad to say , i'd totally opt for subway .
the prices are reasonable but the choices are slim .
there was no apology or explanation given .
i don't recommend this business .
they just seemed clueless about my car .
they can no longer be treated with antibiotics .
condescending and arrogant doesn't even describe it .
um , i'm getting oral surgery here , lady .
now it's the worst .
just wasn't couple friendly at all .
throwing money out on stage was just a waste .
was not even offered lap dances .
so it is very easy to get to .
don't even bother going here now .
don't waste your money here .
can't quite figure that one out .
never had anything like this before .
i said no to give us a few minutes .
unfortunately , they missed the mark , badly .
the chicken was equally lacking .
fail , fail and fail .
have n't been to the restaurant in ten years .
the food had too much msg .
our food was worse !
the chicken wings gave me food poisoning .
will avoid in the future .
got my money but not my order .
i was hoping it was a one time thing .
so lazy employees decide to take off early .
this way , they might get something right .
at this point , it's just overpriced greasy food .
it just tasted funky .
overall , just overpriced and not that great .
the pizza was ok but the service was terrible .
what a waste of time and money .
it was just " eh " .
too bad , was a pretty good pie .
the delivery was not good .
worst pizza place ever .
i wish there was an option for zero stars !
they were extremely rude and not helpful at all !
don't use their service .
no dirt ) for my new tenant .
do not buy this groupon !
they showed up late and made me wait .
there van broke down in my driveway .
i have already emailed groupon to get a refund .
then he hung up on me .
but on the very bottom shelf .
i couldn't understand the lady , either .
this manager was seriously trying to cover her butt .
this place is absolutely the worst .
horrible customer service and poor workmanship !
this is not your typical embassy suites .
that turned out to be the problem .
rooms would not even get cool .
will not be staying there again .
it is not your average embassy suites .
this place is really old and dated .
the free breakfast is not worth it .
very much in need of a complete overhaul .
would not recommend this for a long stay .
i booked a suite ( not jr suite ) .
the girl was so rude !
i was not pleased .
and why don't you have silverware in a kitchenette ?
probably won't be back .
not going back again until they remodel their looks .
this embassy suites is ok .
didn't like this place .
the room was dated but clean .
this place isn't all that well kept .
for me it was a company meeting .
the heating didn't work .
still no heat in our room after two nights .
third night we demanded another room .
the interior is outdated .
that didn't really start things off well .
so shoes had to be worn inside the room .
not bad of a hotel location , great breakfast .
next , i went to get my complimentary breakfast .
how dirty , disgusting , and rude !
i had a horrible stay !
not of embassy quality - very poor property .
old and run down .
i opened closet door and it smelled of sewer .
no restaurants within walking distance .
there is nothing very nice about this properly .
this place is horrible .
avoid at all costs !
i have stayed in another hilton property in az .
the rooms , grounds are extremely dated .
as though i'm an inconvenience .
in short , go elsewhere .
the quality is not what it used to be .
then why say it ? "
all of can say is they are rude !
yes , she did let me return them .
lost a large sale today , again .
this is disappointing to me .
it's small crowded and hard to navigate .
this time was different , though .
i don't get it .
i was responsible and i knew it .
it was and is not a good business practice .
i will not be shopping there again .
this has been a huge mess .
was told everything had been sold .
but then their quality really sucked .
so i did the repair myself .
i don't want to take away from that .
in a word , greedy .
no one at best western will refund my money .
they have not returned my phone calls or emails .
i do not recommend working here .
i'm not a happy customer .
i am really sad .
he totally ignored me and started helping another customer .
overall , a very disappointing adventure .
unfortunately - worst customer service in the world .
no apologies for the mistakes both times .
customer service was terrible .
poor performance and total confusion at the shop .
the decorations were very plain , underwhelming .
i am so disappointed in this place .
that is too expensive for a simple oil change .
i won't be back .
stay away from this creepy out of control business .
like novelty t-shirts and stripper gear .
they have very limited inventory .
i'm not on the walking dead here .
this is the worst company to deal with .
i mean , this is a health issue .
she never followed up to find out .
no fancy card for me .
is everything frozen and reheated ?
no beans , just rice please .
wrong answer , jesus .
this was a huge disappointment .
i will say the cheese crisp was pretty disappointing .
salsa isn't spicy anymore .
this place is very overrated .
don't waste a cent at this place .
first you couldn't even tell what you were eating .
this manuel 's falls short of the other .
very disappointed in this place .
first time going and we probably won't be back .
only positive thing about this place was the margaritas .
the manager barely helped .
sales folks are pushy and not helpful .
had not been wiped down at all .
find a better car wash !
poor quality of service and product .
i would not recommend to anyone !
i would never recommend this car wash to anyone .
charge me for it ?
needless to say , i'm taking him to court .
my floors still looked like it wasn't vacuumed either .
this was my first time visiting this car wash .
biggest mistake was not watching them vacuum and wax .
very bad experience here .
longest and worst wax job i ever had !
no stars for this place.
i also go hung up on .
i usually just get a carwash .
unfortunately i will not be back because of tony !
very unhappy with the service i received here .
needless to say i will not be back .
this place was a complete let down .
not worth my time or money .
i will not let this go lightly .
if i could give them zero stars i would .
worst customer service experience of my life .
i've had several disappointing experiences here .
sadly , i get the opposite here .
the purse was only a month old .
i walked in ready to buy .
horrible customer service and indifferent sales associates .
the customer service is horrible .
rude employees , avoid the store like the plague !
wow was the customer service horrible .
like , within ten minutes of leaving this place .
simply because i've never been so sick .
eh , i'm torn .
ruth chris did not meet my expectations .
no complaints about the service or the atmosphere .
i'll never visit a ruth 's chris again !
are you kidding me ?
that is not an entre !
it wasn't juicy enough or moist .
ok , i just do not get this place .
can we say very limited menu ?
she barely even knew what the daily specials were !
her attitude was unacceptable .
customer service was terrible so i left .
long and short of it .
the hawaiian rib-eye was however tough .
a small quality step down from across the street .
my water glass was empty almost half the evening .
that ran out too , and sat for ages .
houston 's was too good not to .
never have to worry .
are we that pretentious hillstone ?
it doesn't go anywhere .
i will focus on my biggest disappointment .
the entrance is nearly impossible to find .
won't be back there any time soon .
can't say no to mom , right ?
i won't be back .
i wish hillstone would get it .
such potential - such a disappointment .
the food was not that good .
it was just awful !
the spinach artichoke dip was extremely greasy .
try the capital grille right down the road .
i've never had a bad experience there .
i was probably shooting a little high .
i will definitely not be back to the restaurant .
not such a great place .
food was cold and poor quality .
service , they just didn't care .
this was just flat out rude and very disappointing .
not sure we will go back .
we sure miss houston 's in the biltmore .
not the same in volume nor flavor .
i will not be back to try anything else .
try another restaurant in the area .
i was terribly upset with this restaurant .
they refused saying it doesn't look as good .
cold night in phoenix .
it's not a fire or safety risk .
the worst service i have had .
the mojito was horrible , we never got greeted .
two drinks , and two sandwiches for lunch .
my date , a glass of chardonnay .
me , the veggie burger with kale salad .
it was ok but very messy and nothing special .
okay this pissed me off !
nothing new or original on the menu .
unless she didn't know what she was talking about .
he sat down with us in the booth .
i most likely won't be back .
i will not return for a second visit .
no communication skills at all .
this store is too busy .
the experience itself was more than frustrating .
so i repeat why i am returning it .
so no more lines at the front .
can't tell you how much i hated the experience .
i hate all apple stores .
this was a bit disappointing .
you really left me no choice .
they really didn't care about serving their customers .
they were very helpful .
i will avoid these stores like the plague .
but they don't care !
this is the worst apple store i've ever seen .
could use some training in customer service .
being rude definitely runs in the store .
not enough personnel to support the customer .
appointments don't mean nothing here .
personnel hygiene is non existent for the apple employees .
talked to me like i was just an idiot .
worst experience i've ever had .
worst customer care ever !
zero customer service , rude , very unhelpful service .
apple 's " service " is abysmal .
he was very unprofessional .
i can't help you " , and walked away .
the staff were a little rude and arrogant .
worst customer service experience ever .
the worst customer service available .
just completely horrible service .
all they wanted was more freaking money
beyond disappointed in this apple store .
also didn't deserve advice on where else to go .
this location is terrible .
obviously they did not do the work at all .
but it obviously did not work .
overpriced and lost my trust right away .
meaning we are paying for the services .
i would not recommend their service to anyone .
after all , the overhead lights hurt my eyes .
avoid this pharmacy like the plague .
yes they honored my warranty on my car battery .
then i'll asked him to check the fluids .
morning crew not helpful .
the cocktail waiter offered no wine suggestions .
we were extremely disappointed .
still , i won't be going back .
no wonder there was valet out front !
this meal was a disaster !
food incredibly lacking in flavor .
pecan pie smothered in caramel sauce .
he wasn't part of the entertainment .
will never waste money there again .
nothing to look at on outside .
tables were not exceptionally comfortable , were close together .
wait staff was just okay .
not formal enough , nor timely .
not unfriendly , but not friendly either really .
i surely won't be back .
we sampled the duck tamales .
unfortunately , there was nothing special about this dish .
it wasn't great , but it wasn't horrible either .
no second chances for this place - no thanks !
overall , it is not on my return list .
really needs attention from its chef owner .
the salmon quesadilla was much better .
the portion sizes of these plates were underwhelming .
they don't tolerate menu questions for special events .
it appears mr. vincent takes the cheap way out !
their wine list was extensive but grossly over priced .
terrible service , nobody managing what is going on .
no we will not be returning .
we spent hundreds of dollars on dinner and wine .
i have never seen this at any restaurant before .
first off , i've been here before .
this time could not have been more opposite .
the bacon was okay but definitely reheated .
are you kidding me ?
but not the coffee lady !
my coffee was weak .
searching for a new primary care physician is difficult .
so embarrassing , especially when your sick .
the long waits where always enjoyable .
this place is awful .
prescription refills are slow .
the waiting room was nearly empty .
no wait , office staff was friendly .
i hate this place .
some equipment just goes missing , too .
i feel like i've entered an 80s gym !
that whole ordeal lasted a few weeks .
the only positive is the classes .
as far as price goes , no complaints .
the gym in general does not feel clean .
this place could not be more poorly run .
can i give it no stars ?
cardio equipment is old and usually broken .
really , it is gross and broken down .
there is always broken equipment .
old equipment that is usually broken .
the place is very dirty and smelly .
the ac never seems to be working .
maintenance is clearly not a priority .
this place is falling apart .
the steam room smells like piss .
this is the worst location in the valley .
this place is a dump .
i used just one session .
and they refused to give me any money back .
hated losing that four hundred dollars .
they are unorganized and not very customer friendly .
tell your friends to avoid them too .
no towels provided in the gym .
cheap , but dirty .
there machine has been broken since october .
it's extremely disappointing , to say the least .
no customer service whatsoever .
i guess standards for hiring have gone way downhill .
i wasted an hour of my day .
customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .
probably the worst paint department you can imagine .
so no one to help the customer right ?
this home depot poor service .
again , another long wait .
it was a nightmare .
super busy , all of the time .
this place is awful .
but their answers are mostly soooo lame !
overall , i do recommend ice house tavern .
you dont even have to travel to california .
it's hard to get too mad though .
in fact , it fell quite short .
almost smelled fishy to me .
this restaurant is not wheelchair accessible .
restaurant itself feels like a converted fast-food joint .
i didn't hate it , it was okay .
the service is super slow .
i have an unhealthy obsession with dumplings .
if you go , do not expect great service .
the atmosphere is weird !
unfortunately , i was disappointed with everything .
i wonder why they are not closed yet .
but it just wasn't meant to be .
this is simply unacceptable .
not wheelchair accessible and no handicap parking spaces .
left before ordering and won't return .
absolutely terrible and slow service .
i should have walked away without paying .
this place has no redeeming qualities whatsoever .
anyway , that was our experience .
it was so confusing .
not a chance we will go back there .
it was such an incredibly rude service .
needless to say we won't be back .
poor business practices at encore !
money is not an issue .
i didn't have a coupon .
i couldn't see a thing .
this place was gross .
walked in on saturday and walked out .
i would not recommend their pizza at all .
online ordering system sucks .
it is horrible & disgusting !
i'm so disappointed that they have changed !
no sir , i am not requesting that .
he called back but didn't leave a message .
terrible experience with this company .
several repair request were made throughout the year .
it was fixed but only for a few days .
however , by friday morning it was leaking again .
afternoon to an apartment with no a/c .
it was so unbearable to be in there .
the fried shrimp is too oily for my taste .
rice was dry and hard from sitting for awhile .
i probably wouldn't go back .
maybe you should check your order before you leave .
worst " hawaiian " i've ever had .
it was so gummy and tough !
seaweed is not supposed to be chewy like that !
disappointing , even if theirs did use onion .
don't waste your time or money .
visit the much better hawaiian options in phoenix !
i was pretty disappointed with this place .
don't waste your time .
wear shoes because the floor is sticky .
steamed rice is steamed rice , it was ok !
seriously just avoid this location altogether .
my rice was so soggy and mushy .
after we ate we felt sick to our stomach .
it smelled so bad like sweaty mildew .
it was unbearable and i won't be back .
seriously just avoid this location altogether .
me today : panda express is crap .
gross , plain and simple !
what a waste of money !
but the customer service side sucks .
then she and the manager walked back to me .
is that a garbage can ? "
" no , " she replied .
needless to say , i won't be coming back .
at this point , the damage was already done .
i've have been a customer for a long time .
worse customer service ever !
hoping i don't get sick off these .
the white rice was old and dry .
i won't be back .
im never going back there again .
the cheese was not melted inside .
normally the are not bad .
bean and cheese burrito was awful .
try filiberto 's instead .
egg tasted like it was cooked with engine oil .
but today the service was horrible !
no sense of urgency .
two days later , nothing had been called in .
it was downright rude and condescending .
an hour later still no food .
my biggest peeve in this world is soggy bread .
the quality of ham is disgusting .
it's slimy and tastes like ham flavoring .
i was starving when i ordered it .
so i gave them another chance .
still really grossed out about it .
sadly its the closest one to my apt .
i just threw the sandwich away .
i also ordered a steak and cheese sub toasted .
those books are n't on shelves !
oh , and the books are way overpriced .
and i am not a fan of last chance .
probably won't be heading back .
this store has a rude and miserable staff .
she was very rude to the customer .
they ruined our shopping day .
this gas station stole my fucking money .
if only there was an option for zero stars !
complete waste of time .
my last customer service experience was horrible .
which is too bad .
this is no way to treat employees .
overall , it wasn't bad .
each time they've been out of mint n chip .
i suggest cold stones or the gelato spot .
they chose to scare me instead .
i was flat out lied too .
brian would not return our calls .
when he showed it was the wrong door .
customer service is very poor .
i'm on my way to baja loco .
i would be very very cautious of this company .
they actually did not have any work .
stay far away from this company .
it is on 30th st and camelback .
too expensive for a haircut .
i would leave zero stars if possible .
they could not even offer that .
hopefully your experience won't be like mine .
are you kidding me ?
i won't be going back .
stay away from any western dental !
avoid at all cost !
embarrassed to even set foot there .
very disappointed in the oral surgeon there .
this has been a joke from the get go .
western dental still sucks !
they are no good and should be shut down !
the receptionists are very unprofessional .
with that said , i don't like chipotle .
this location is a royal pain .
that 's just asking for trouble .
needless to say , i have n't been back .
that 's where i went wrong .
chipotle claims they have gluten free food .
they have lost our frequent business forever .
the issue tonight was a matter of health .
so undercooked that the meat was actually cold .
this location is not as stellar as others .
this location on the other hand is terrible .
spend your money elsewhere .
this is definitely the worst i've ever been to .
the place was filthy and the staff was horrible .
example : " pico and hot salsa . "
" sour cream , cheese , and lettuce . "
rice is almost always uncooked .
the staff is not very friendly at all .
tonight they ran out of chips .
in order to avoid this sad restaurant .
why are you ignoring the hundreds of complaints ?
they mess up orders and they take forever !
assuming they just didn't feel like cooking anymore .
online ordering is an absolute joke .
worst chipotle experience i've ever had .
i'm offended and won't be back .
unfriendly staff and moldy grapes in kids meal .
and the cashier doesn't say a word .
are you kidding me ?
isn't this why i come here ?
this chipotle is consistently horrible !
i went straight from the restaurant to the house .
i have never been to a worse chipotle .
i don't want to get food poisoning .
guacamole was flat , no flavor .
overall vibe of the place sucked .
not friendly at all .
even the cashier , which surprised me .
rude staff , unclean place .
if you have a problem , talk to management .
but here 's the thing , i have .
don't waste your time going here !
the rice is undercooked and hard .
a waste of my money .
i had the worst experience at this chipotle !
she was so rude .
i will no longer return to chipotle .
there wasn't enough in the first place .
think i'll go elsewhere next time .
chipotle just isn't worth it any more .
but i wasn't expecting to be grossed out .
i'm not a fan of being ignored .
they got there money , what do they care !
why would they even package this for a customer ?
that was too much for this guy apparently .
also , your a jerk .
shipping is expensive too .
wish i would have read the reviews first .
they didn't even apologize , they just made excuses .
she said no one !
then she said i'll make a copy for you .
terrible customer service and bad attitude !
not a nice person at all !
would be no stars at this location .
but i won't be returning .
but my nails looked like absolute crap .
my massage was a complete waste of time .
in my opinion he used too much polish .
they also did a poor job .
don't waste your time here .
stopped here because i was in the area .
boy was that a big mistake .
never again will i go back there .
i probably could have done a better job .
would not come back .
very low quality service .
that was one of the worst pedicures ever .
i was so annoyed about how she rushed it .
it was so rushed " .
i would never go there again .
i guess my money will bother him too .
or if she is just this rude to everyone .
like the other reviewer , i experienced constant delays .
though expensive , i was prepared for this .
this location is terrible .
i can't believe the customer service at this location .
my sales associate lied to me .
worst apartment complex ever .
im very disappointed in this unit .
are you kidding me ?
needless to say , i left .
needless to say , i left .
the cashier amanda is rude !
under her breath and walked away .
i couldn't believe it .
the tenderloin burger was very plain .
so there is absolutely nothing here i would eat .
no reason to return , whatsoever .
way too overpriced for the quality of food !
" so what 's the problem " you ask ?
but how much am i paying for this dish !
it's only half a cut of the fish !
the food was just not that great .
and the dessert was just not up to par .
no apology , no nothing .
it was fine , i guess .
not horrible , but really not so great either .
we shared some chocolate dessert , which was good .
unfortunately the magic stops right there .
the whole entree tasted at best bland .
possibly the worst upscale dining experience i've ever had .
so many things wrong from start to finish .
another thing i can not forgive is the lobster .
desserts were nothing worth writing about .
the service is anywhere from poor to absent .
the food was just average at best .
the food was bland and uninspired .
we will not return here .
expect to leave hungry .
the portions are small and very expensive .
out with the new , in with the old .
the problem was with the food .
the service was terrible .
the waitress did not appear friendly at all .
the bar did not seem classy at all .
again , extremely poor service .
i will never visit this place again .
just a bland menu .
disappointed from what it used to be .
no flavor just a plain tasting white fish .
i won't return with this menu .
if asked to go again i will skip it .
very expensive and very disappointing both times .
the menu is pretentious .
wait we are in phoenix .
gave away our room !
we couldn't believe it .
fell far short of expectations .
guess we really were sol .
this was the most offensive part of the meal .
but they are so short staffed .
had caesar salad w flat iron steak .
it wasn't flat iron .
seemed like bad tough cut of sirloin .
nope , not worth it .
especially since their coffee tastes like watered down crap .
: ( i will not be coming back anymore .
some of the employees don't pay attention .
first , no salt bagels .
are n't salt bagels one of the standards ?
the other half was basically dry .
his second choice is the chocolate chip coffee cake .
two weekends in a row is a trend .
sad to say it has not .
dirty , not organized , bad & slow service .
come on people - this is not rocket science .
coming here is our weekend routine .
i was rushed and said " plain ?
i get into my car and drive off .
that guy checked my bagel and lied to me !
however , do not lie to me .
not a good look my man .
my bagel is the easiest thing ever to remake .
i will not be returning here to any location .
it was like we were not even there .
iv had horrible service before this was beyond that .
won't be wasting my time here again .
no apology for the whole mess !
i would spend hundreds in chemicals that did nothing .
stores ok , always have to wait for service .
people wait for a long time to check out .
should have been a quick , cheap job .
this place needs to be put out of business .
they don't even deserve a single star .
don't waste your time or money at this place .
just went through the drive-thru and ordered my usual .
no lettuce , tomato , or mayo .
nothing like eating a dry sandwich .
i would skip this location .
how the hell do people eat this .
the bacon on the turkey club was undercooked .
after tonight , i won't be back .
oh and the trash can was dirty .
the absolute worse haircut i've had at this establishment .
the customer service isn't very friendly either .
you've given yourselves a bad reputation .
it's not some high fashion salon !
it's a cheap hair cut place !
no staff on the floor offering help .
store is really unorganized .
i just left lol .
they refuse to give them a refund to him .
i went there about two years ago .
kudos to a senior still running a store .
he quickly gave me a refund .
they were just going to keep my money .
arrangement delivered looked very different from picture online .
this is not how you should do business .
the man working was so cold .
won't be back to this part of the store .
so i am over it .
i could not do anything with my family .
shame on you bobby !
the woman working was seriously rude .
made my sandwich completely wrong and super sloppy .
and she was just cranky .
hire someone with a better attitude .
worst deli department i've ever been to .
however , i'm done with the arcadia store .
bring the damn atm back !
had the worst experience with safeway this week .
there is also no follow up .
as a potential tenant , don't waste your time .
it was the first such bill i had received !
sorry dr. smith , you just lost a patient !
i made the situation very uncomfortable .
he's not a honest person .
do not buy tickets from this company .
annoying , but , whatever .
when it does finally get done , it's sub-par .
several complaints have done no good .
walls are very thin .
this place is awful .
this should be no big deal , right ?
otherwise my poor cat would have went without .
and would not eat .
this was not needed .
inflated prices along with a rude vet .
no fee - no visit .
i've decided to return to my old vet .
so unnecessary , i hung up .
this place is awful !
because i was loyal , i stayed .
the kitten was weak and in poor condition .
she was over the top rude and seemingly snapped .
do not get married here !
no one from management met me .
i ordered the flat iron steak and eggs .
this was also disappointing .
this place is not living up to the hype .
spend your hard earned money some place else .
the problem lied in the staff .
management really doesn't care what you think .
no way to tell what you might get .
but it was a mess .
they have no respect for the working class !
so not a fun experience with the facial .
sorry not enough in my book to bother with .
i must say , i was very disappointed .
also , a little too sweet for my taste .
just don't understand what all the fuss is about .
so take my review or leave it .
either way , bad business model .
never , never , ever again .
as they should have done .
poor management and only one waiter or waitress .
and that is probably only a maybe !
this place is disgusting .
i'm disappointed in the quality of the arrangement .
i was not sure if north or south .
nice party trick but not good at a restaurant .
really mediocre , just plain jane boring sandwiches .
there is nothing to these sandwiches .
will not be returning .
the hot sandwiches were luke warm .
the chip order was not delivered .
the drink order apparently was forgotten as well .
too sugary and strong spices .
not a lot of ambiance .
my extra ten minutes pass .
obviously my massage therapist didn't show up until 9am .
don't let the comments on here fool you .
no one in the club cares .
i was sadly disappointed .
she rushed through and was extremely rude to me .
even the pool was a disappointment .
don't get me wrong .
not so much anymore .
this place is unbelievable .
avoid this place like the plague .
unless your kids play tennis , don't go here !
basketball court is taken by adults .
no other location seems to have this track record .
i wish they would upgrade their cardio room .
don't bother moving here it's a waste of time .
don't waste your hard earned money in this place .
no phone call or a notice to inform us .
it was not cool outside in june .
she never called me back .
parking is a real problem .
i have gotten several bad spanish lattes .
the prices here are n't exactly cheap .
it has a definite european touch .
it is just too darn small and busy .
la grande orange grocery has a problem .
unfortunately , it can't be all of them .
this place has more hype than actual delivery !
i was mediocre at best !
the breakfast i received was barely room temperature .
the food quality is just so-so .
the kitchen was rocking it , though .
the grocery area is where you order lunch .
but it was sliced , lunch meat style turkey .
" no thanks " i told her .
i find this in poor taste .
i don't get it .
are you not paying your employees enough ?
i hate tip jars .
did not know that , being my first time .
i won't be back .
this place is all hype .
the egg white omelet was flavorless crap !
i've tried to like this place .
trust me , this place is a joke .
the pizza sucks too btw !
no big deal , as it moved quickly .
breakfast however is entirely different .
they can't cook eggs !
really disappointed as i live only a block away .
seriously , who makes an awful cupcake ?
the passport ice tea is hit or miss .
why can't they brew the ice tea correctly ?
the bad : service was horrible .
the prices however are still way high .
not impressed at all .
took way too long to get my drink refills .
not about a quality dining experience .
also , the food is way over priced .
the atmosphere is very overwhelming .
not french in any way !
don't waste your time .
uh , theres no bowl back there .
this place was a mess .
the biggest complaint of all is the smell !
will not be going again .
if you are a woman , be warned .
frustrated , as this has been done already .
yes , they do have sour patch flavored gum .
complete waste of money -- i am returning it .
first , it's disgusting .
the employees are rude .
the parking is terrible and very busy .
look out or you will get run over .
the breadsticks i got had no seasoning .
the coke was flat .
didn't learn and didn't look last week .
that is not ok !
for anything else , still not a bad place .
instead , they caused an inconvenience for a shopper .
don't ever use this service .
i wouldn't come here again .
they charge too much according to her .
all in all i wasn't too impressed .
no , no no .
i do not want a flower .
i was rushed to the pedicure chair .
never again will i step foot in this shop .
i got the gel french manicure .
unfortunately , my experience was everything but that !
the lady who did my pedi was terrible !
it was such a rush job !
i'm so livid , even writing this review .
overall a disappointing waste of money .
went back in and i was treated terrible .
my nails look worse now than they did before .
she is mad at me for hurting me !
i have never had gel nails done so poorly .
not worth your time or money !
my feet looked so bad !
it is truly sad .
very disappointed , you just lost a new customer !
like not real hipsters .
once again this was 7pm on a sunday .
however , making reservations there is a different story .
they are old and tired .
food was ok bread was stale on my sandwich .
but service was not good at all !
i was told she can not do it .
it's way too loud in here .
the bruschetta came out quickly but tasted stale .
all-in-all the place wasn't bad .
doesn't the red wish to breath ?
it simply needs some good floor management .
the parking lot disaster strikes again !
the wines are ok but somewhat pretentious .
nothing worth writing about except the bruschetta .
not fond of high tops either .
lost a star because they opened the garage door .
mediocre bruschetta ( especially for the price ) .
to much goat cheese and the bread ?
i will not be back .
that already left a bad taste in my mouth .
would not even check or anything .
but it didn't last .
once again the doctor wouldn't talk to me .
she was nice but could provide no information .
she would not even touch my dog .
said her skin is disgusting and she smells .
the veterinary assistants were very friendly .
the vets , however , can be really pushy .
i told him no thanks .
dr. rice was the only vet i liked .
no other vet did that .
no thanks , banfield .
the staff aside from the actual vets are inept .
the lines are ridiculous .
glad i don't have to shop here again .
this place is the dive bar of grocery stores .
sweat beads down my back .
why didn't u call me ?
" may i have my money back ? "
by far the worst fry 's in the valley .
nothing worth a crap .
overpriced with no real selection .
this place is the worse .
unfortunately i have to shop here regularly .
just a few months too old .
is the food bad ?
sadly , our other entree was much worse .
nevertheless , had to try the mojito .
so-so and have had better .
i came for lunch today and was very disappointed .
then the food comes and is wrong .
the rice is wet and salty .
too much cilantro all over the place .
this is not mexican is cuban .
rice should not be soup .
couldnt get enough of it .
our food was not good .
the food is barely average and super expensive .
they have definitely messed with the portions though .
the service - really pretty bad .
he gave both of us a really crappy vibe .
i almost feel like i've lost a best friend .
wait so i wouldn't wait if i were you .
quite frankly , it was way over priced .
my bf was not impressed with his entree either .
over priced , plastic chairs and the food sucked !
so i had another chicken dish .
wasn't horrible but nothing to come back for .
my husband was so annoyed .
it was very ick to me .
she did not offer to bring me something else .
for the appetizer , i ordered the beef empanadas .
the rice was as plain as jane .
the paradise pulled pork was mediocre , at best .
i've had better tasting carnitas for half as much .
very uncomfortable and extremely tacky .
any latin restaurant that uses minute rice is horrible .
but it doesn't warrant my going back .
ago could change for the worse so quickly .
food is awful , place smells .
would not recommend this place at all .
it was that bad .
i didn't get a refill .
third , the portions are small .
and fourth the service was poor .
i will not be back .
just save your money .
unfortunately , our dinner just kept disappointing .
minutes to be seated .
stopped by here on saturday night .
so bad for business .
truly wish the previous owners would come back .
they are rude and don't care about customers .
no name tag on his shirt .
i won't be back .
tortilla was undercooked and barely any meat .
it's written like an advertisement .
don't know what the hype is about the wings .
looks don't beat good service .
and by alcoholic i mean " owner " specifically .
they were rude and not sorry for the situation .
not my kind of place .
the worst customer service experience in a long time .
the worst customer service and communication i've ever experienced .
this is my final straw though .
this is a terrible experience .
the owner ( wife ) , is extremely rude !
don't bother with this place !
we couldn't believe what was happening .
i have also never been treated this way before .
do not do business with these unethical people !
went for lunch and was very disappointed .
restaurant smells musty and the food was awful .
was it outrageously priced ?
would i eat here again if someone invited me ?
the sauce was kind of bland .
the weather was cold , so i wanted soup .
i ordered sizzling rice soup and some egg rolls .
i was disappointed with the quality of food .
the pork ribs were also just bland .
the food wasn't very good .
our entire dinner was bland .
no flavor , no heat , and no veggies .
it was not worth the trip .
no veggies or meat , basically white rice .
two bites , toss .
first , i ordered wor wonton soup .
then came my chicken chow mein .
over all , i will not be going back .
but nothing else would bring me back .
i wasn't about to dig through the trash .
needless to say , they've lost my business forever .
the dish that we had was void of flavor .
the texture was off , almost rubbery .
i took one bite and was disappointed .
the kitchen is very poorly managed .
just know it will be a very long wait .
i would not recommend this dish to anyone .
avoid this place at all costs .
my boyfriend went here for an allergy test .
the worst customer service experience i have ever had .
they have no courtesy or manners what so ever .
i am really dissatisfied with the place .
we had a hamburger it was a little dry .
this dish was an embarrassment to salads .
unfortunately our lunch was only fair .
our waiter was so-so .
this review is about rude , rude wally .
she never even asked if i was finished .
i personally was not thrilled about that .
needless to say this ruined the meal experience completely .
our server was not very friendly .
i just left a sad tip .
the huevos rancheros sucked .
very bland , nothing great at all .
literally one of the worst dining experiences ever .
i wish i would have waited in line .
there were several less than pleasant surprises .
my daughter 's eggs came out almost within seconds .
it was also not warm .
we will not go back .
this was just one disappointment after another .
thank you for that waste of time .
not cooked at all !
costco referred me to this place .
i lost the screw in my glasses .
this guy totally bait and switched me .
they sent me to the frame doctor .
wow , what a disaster .
yep , that 's it .
and no refills on the sodas , either .
some greasy chinese crispy noodles .
the place is a rat hole !
only one thing missing .
no refill in drinks except ice tea .
tasteless doesn't begin to describe that dish !
it was surprisingly busy .
so , why was it so busy ?
will i get sick this time or not ?
i would highly recommend staying away from this place .
google it , it's pretty nasty .
this was the first frustrating issue .
this office is very incompetent .
however , i know that it was .
( none of them were " cheap . " )
i use to cry myself to sleep every night .
they wouldn't tell me .
this time it was extremely frustrating .
the office staff is incompetent in my experience .
you can never get through to scheduling .
not impressed for all the good reviews .
my acrylics tho was a totally different story .
very rude man by the way .
this place just refused service .
i will not be coming back !
there work has got so poor !
especially this dude they hired .
over priced for the less then mediocre work .
also it's not very clean .
most horrible nail salon ever .
also the salon was hot as shit .
these qualities are opposite of a dive bar .
another pretentious take over .
i've never been treated worse by a bartender .
but to get yelled at like that was crazy .
i would rather shoot pool at river city pockets .
this will never be the dilly again .
not a good first impression .
not the dunkin donuts that everyone remembers .
not the best run dunkin ' donuts .
i like dunkin ' but the service sucks .
so i went to this place a few times .
mcdonalds has better coffee .
qt gas stations have better coffee .
our enchiladas were stone cold .
won't be returning to this location in the future .
sorry pollo , you are off my lunch list !
i mean , really ?
it felt like a chicken fried steak .
we started our meals with salads .
my entree was equally as disappointing .
unfortunately , this time that was not the case .
to start with , service was far too leisurely .
not enough herbs to really flavor it .
no side dishes come with it .
my husband hated his .
not the best and a little vinegary .
and i don't need a coupon to eat there .
you ate looked down upon and treated poorly .
there are much better italian restaurants in phoenix .
ok quick tip food service industry .
not that they were not kind , or attentive .
also , they didn't clean the shrimp .
worst italian food ever .
i don't know where to start .
this place is way past its prime .
this place has the worst service .
don't expect your server to be pleasant at all .
the prices here are an absolute joke .
this place is a complete joke .
it was a waste of time .
such a waste of time .
if you are going here you are getting robbed .
just awful awful customer service and communication with customers !
i find that to be quite rude .
seriously my experience with this place was awful .
the guys serving was very friendly yet slow .
told you , lots of excuses and false promises .
on the whole a really lousy job .
left no tip and would certainly not recommend .
quite possibly the worst experience of my life .
they also have a nice punch card system .
they will tell you need a transmission flush .
complete and utter rip off !
horrible customer service and terribly rude over the phone .
this place is awful !
refused to top off all my fluids .
when asking for my keys back , he refused .
i wish i could give zero stars !
and then hung up on me .
i would absolutely never come back here .
i strongly advise to stay away from this place .
shame on arcadia cleaners !
there was absolutely nothing wrong with the house .
no extra cost for hardware .
lots of promises but no other options given .
your food is bland and nasty .
the buns were really mushy .
well , the chili was disgusting .
they have a turkey burger which sounds good .
be prepared for patties cooked in old grease .
nothing special here , especially for the price .
i won't be back .
chili - there was sugar in the recipe .
i did not like .
nothing like white castle .
it is not a dirty odor .
i am sitting in the restaurant writing this review .
maybe i should have tried the sliders .
fast forward to arizona .
good idea , but way too heavy .
i ate it , but the experience was disappointing .
sad sad example of sliders .
staff was not friendly .
horrible customer service , would not go back .
miss the old owners .
just lost my business .
so much for trying to support local businesses .
this is just terrible customer service !
i told him , my lemon tree was struggling .
i wouldn't rush out to this place .
thai curry has the peanut sauce and curry base .
i figured , i can't go wrong with that .
this place is the equivalent of salt lick thai .
i can't believe this place is still in business .
they brought me a rice dish .
tonight was the night .
didn't think it would be a big deal .
that is a big fail right there !
she , unfortunately , spoke very little english .
we made our order , beginning with chicken satay .
the only thing good is the price .
certainly not the food and definitely not the service .
the food is not very good .
the food is bland , overcooked and pretty americanized .
i decided to go there and place my order .
then waited another ten minutes before leaving .
very dated decor is another negative .
worst thai we've ever had .
greasy , gross , packaged mix flavors .
i took one bite and didn't eat any more .
chicken satay was underwhelming .
there was no apology .
you won't be disappointed .
as a result , we're stuck with this place .
it was a monday night , somewhat busy .
worst thai food i've ever had in my life .
the rice was soggy .
the service was terrible .
i didn't see one smile from either server .
my pad thai was delivered without the peanuts .
ordered eggplant and green curry with chicken .
eggplant wasnt even near cooked and tasted like leather .
too many other spots to get your fix .
the waitress & the cook were extremely rude !
i walked out and won't be back again .
i only wish i did .
life is too short to eat bad thai food !
everything was over cooked and mushy .
the veggies were not cooked still raw .
not worth it at all .
don't waste your time here .
this is the worst mattress i've ever slept on .
worst customer service experience ever !
they weren't helpful at all .
in fact , they were actually quite rude .
they refused to take the bed back .
no , i said , i don't want that .
i would not recomend this shop .
nothing is written as return policy .
never ever going back .
horrible customer service and terrible return policy .
walked around , nobody came in .
i would not recommend this company .
customer service is not a priority at this business .
don't waste your time here .
she did not get that .
the most ridiculous thing i've ever heard .
it's just started to get ridiculous .
it pains me to write this review .
but , i must yelp the truth .
someone else had picked up my clothes .
but , i can't .
the dr. never returned my call .
i would give them a zero if i could .
i will never see that horrible woman again .
i am so sorry i did .
this kfc is horrible !
( i know , kinda weird ) .
i will never go back to this kfc again .
this place is trash .
surprisingly the server was very quick with the bill .
greasy , flavorless and unappealing .
but the food was horrible .
the owner was so rude i walked out !
the food here is mediocre at best .
the owner is rude along with the waitresses .
the food is mediocre or less .
i will not be returning to this establishment .
boy was i wrong .
they only accept cash be warned .
she was down right rude !
this is total bs .
isn't this the cost of doing business ?
this , unfortunately , is not one of them .
insurance companies do not pay the fee .
this place just has terrible customer service .
monday is a holiday and i am in pain .
no help offered whatsoever by the person taking appointments .
once she left , i should have too .
very upset that the practice charges a ridiculous fee .
this place is nasty dog .
this used to be our favorite breakfast place .
the food is bomb .
never had this issue .
i wasn't asking for anything for free .
will not shop there again !
worst customer service ever .
good prices but bad service .
i had requested a saturday morning delivery online .
on saturday morning i had not received a call .
they lost another customer .
so we wandered up there on our own .
s : oh , we work in rooms .
and he walked away .
so - we walked out .
and i won't be back .
needless to say we went elsewhere .
poor customer service , in my opinion .
they said no and suggested i cancel my order .
i should 've cancelled my order there .
they holding my money for a week .
boy , was i wrong .
skip the phoenix showroom if at all possible !
not earlier , not later .
this place is not what it used to be .
it was supposed to be delivered in a week .
learn from my mistake .
after you've purchased , though , forget about it .
seriously , no one cares about you here .
extremely disappointed in the business .
i spoke with pam and i explained the situation .
safety is not their concern !
the food is not so good .
i was too annoyed to care .
the chicken was dry and chewy .
i just don't get the draw .
it was too salty and lacking in other flavors .
however , i'm not tempted to try it again .
thanks for the disgusting food .
( sesame instead of honey seared . )
orange chicken w/ fried rice wasn't to my expectations .
stopped in for dinner about 8pm tonight .
these containers obviously don't get washed .
i've never seen a kitchen so bad .
the food was more disgusting than the restaurant .
today ; wtf pei wei ?
unprofessional , sloppy , and rude .
none of us will be back .
i guess the customer service took away my hunger .
the rice is dry .
the restaurant wouldn't honor the coupon .
did not even feel me up !
it's called little shanghai .
however , i won't be going back .
i do not recommend this place .
alexander then hung up on me .
he didn't install a new anything .
i will never return to alexander 's auto .
these guys are n't experts .
that was absolute bs .
worst bike shop ever !
avoid bike barn at all costs !
unfortunately bike barn is a typical phoenix shop .
don't know what , the store was empty .
i won't be back .
i'm sure i'm not the only one .
definitely a mixed review for me .
friendly but dishonest staff .
they simply are not trustworthy .
honestly i was frustrated .
i was just really disappointed .
ugh , these guys are such crooks .
the crystal was still cracked .
after all that , nothing had been done .
what a complete waste of time .
first off , he rudely snapped at me .
no , just no !
drove a long way for nothing .
not a great way to gain new customers .
additionally , they got my order wrong !
this place is a rip off !
dirty lobby and dinning room .
this pizza hut is not okay .
( however , the delivery guy was great .
just a fail all around .
this pizza hut is terrible .
their service couldn't be worse .
it was absolutely horrible .
i'm sorry but that 's unacceptable .
this place clearly lacks in delivery and customer service .
pasta was dry and crusty .
this place was just as it is reviewed .
not paying attention when u r paying with card .
love pizza hut hate this location .
one of the worst locations !
i am still haunted by this bathroom experience .
not at this time .
do you want premium , high temp oil ?
no just regular oil .
the pressure is too high . "
no more jiffy lube for this girl !
which did not feel genuine .
there is simply nothing jiffy about this place .
i have replaced bulbs before so declined .
either you are all careless assholes it you're stupid .
i don't give bad reviews .
i will not be coming back here again .
could you not call and let us know ?
the man that did my locks was extremely unpleasant .
there was no greeting just a dirty look .
when i saw followed i mean through every aisle !
tires were not leaking air just the rim .
disappointed in this decision .
i'll be going elsewhere next time .
i went in to get my tire change .
this is an all time low .
finding a new doctor because of this unfortunately .
he seemed very rushed as well .
doesn't make much sense .
maybe he just needs to stick with breasts !
don't let him touch your face !
for that service alone i wouldn't write them off .
this is the worst break masters in town .
save your money please don't make my mistake .
i will not be back .
the fried duck was overcooked and dry .
ordered some thing simple , mongolian beef .
i don't mean med rare or rare .
what a waste of money !
the ridiculous reply was .
that was really disappointing .
not sure we will give them another try .
what a disappointing experience .
the crab puffs appeared stale and tasteless .
no lobster in seafood platter .
pushy and rude waitress .
reasonably priced but the food was not good .
the orange chicken was bland .
probably won't be ordering again .
it was just on the other side of gross .
such a sad , sad change .
so this is why people come and go here.
but alas , the owner .
wouldn't you want this too ?
but your job is to b.s .
did your company help , hell no !
after she left , monica replaced her .
this turned out to be a big mistake .
the lights barely make it to the ground .
just look at the lights and ask yourself why ?
is this what i pay rent every month for ?
that 's a complete lie .
said you're an hour late can't help you .
said you're an hour late can't help you .
that 's just bad bad customer service .
normally love this place but today was disappointing .
ordered the house chicken togo .
bad food , bad service .
the beef broccoli tasted like dead cats .
so i ate it .
this place serves a poor excuse for japanese food .
not terrible food , but not good either .
this place was just extremely underwhelming .
it was very bland .
which looked way better than what i ordered .
the worst food i've ever had .
the teriyaki sauce tasted bland and watered down .
the vegetables were limp and flavor less .
i will never step foot in this establishment again .
i don't know how this place stays open .
the food is horrible .
then leaves it like that .
there is no comfortable seating to be found anywhere .
this place is a train wreck in a refrigerator .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
not surprisingly , again the call never came .
this was june 25th .
i am so frustrated .
fred will not be busy for long .
not even that tasty .
food was overpriced and restaurant not that nice .
not very impressed , food was just ok.
there were barely any in the dish .
overpriced entrees , underwhelming food .
unfortunately , we were significantly disappointed .
cold plates and food .
our food was cold and tasteless .
do not waste your money at this restaurant !
unfortunately , the food was less than mediocre .
the quality doesn't justify the stiff prices .
it was after 9pm saturday night .
the worst experience in my life .
it got worse from there .
our entrees were completely bland .
this evening it was nothing like our previous experience .
the dishes were all lacking flavor .
i was so disappointed by the food .
needless to say we won't be back .
the only one i've seen all night .
visited for restaurant week and was disappointed .
salad of field greens was tasteless .
you can't fake diarrhea .
i don't care why it happened .
like i said , you can't fake diarrhea .
was the wine that expensive ?
did we order anything extraordinary ?
are we going back ?
-- just lettuce and tomato , nothing else .
the dressing was pretty bland too .
i don't think i would return on purpose .
it was just horrible after that .
the service was a little awkward .
it was very mediocre .
the food was not that great .
would not go back bc of service .
without waiting for a response or caring .
not even worth eating .
it's unfortunate because we liked this place .
the shop is not impressive nor are the donuts .
donuts are stale , not enjoyable .
if i could give a negative rating i would .
that i want to pay my bill .
i can't believe they call themselves professionals .
i wish i could give them a negative rating .
don't come here , go anywhere else !
we were rushed to pack up and get out .
i wasn't happy and i was still feeling terrible .
this is pathetic way of treating people .
you could drop dead in the waiting room .
very disappointed in the customer service with this hospital !
not going there again .
not sure what happened but it was very unprofessional .
this place is a disgrace .
waste of my time and money .
the dr clearly didn't care for me at all .
terrible hospital to deal with once you've left .
how can they deny it happened ?
isn't your job to cure people ?
the staff is still incompetent in the mri area .
if i could give zero stars i would .
it's better than nothing .
one warning , the home fries are typically undercooked .
the eggs and bacon were just bad .
i would rather have gone to mcdonalds honestly .
overall , it was a horrible experience .
no fries , no bun - just a patty .
hello , i'm a huge panda lover .
all of the negative reviews do not surprise me .
i'm not expecting gourmet food here .
however this visit was disappointing .
it took me longer than if i'd walked in .
not sure i'd do the online thing again .
i'll be throwing the leftovers away .
yelp totally led me wrong here !
this thing looked terrible .
there were literally pools of grease .
it was very similar to trying to eat cardboard .
i just didn't care for this version of pizza .
not impressed , nor a fan .
the entire thing was flavorless .
none not the sauce or the crust .
i doubt i would be back .
we won't be trying this place again .
it wasn't any better cold the next day .
unfortunately , it was awful .
the sauce was missing !
it just tasted like dough .
what a waste of money !
well , we were very disappointed .
it was very vinegary .
really expected more from this place .
i made my own large pepperoni and sausage pizza .
the dough was pretty horrific .
avoid this place at all costs .
that was the only good thing about it .
the mozzarella sticks were cold .
the garlic bread was not good .
never gon na order from there again .
the pizza really had no flavor .
i will not go back .
are you kidding me ?
i have spent hundreds of dollars at this store .
according to him , impossible .
unfortunately , yelp doesn't have a zero star option .
i went in here to check out the facility .
highly do not recommend this place .
seems very poorly run .
i wish there was a minus one .
to which i turned around and walked out .
it was worse than bad .
there is no excuse for this .
unfortunately the husband did them .
horrible job , is an understatement !
they look like garbage .
he says dumb & rude things .
he was so rude .
the service : long lines and unpleasant cashiers .
the calls always come through as adobe carpet cleaning .
do not use these people .
adobe has done furniture cleaning for me before .
no conditioner , nada .
never use adobe carpet cleaning .
i do not recommend them !
what a waste of money !
far , far away .
stop calling my home .
i don't even have any carpeting !
horrible is the only word i could use .
warning warning do not use these people .
so i had it checked out elsewhere .
nothing had changed here in two decades .
the restaurant interior looked exactly as i had remembered .
just fish and dry cabbage in a tortilla ?
first , she's not a new waitress .
no slaw dressing , not even a lime .
that explains why they were so salty .
all and all a very disappointing trip .
the queso app was ok , but nothing special .
then prices went up and quality declined .
now it seems like an overpriced fast food place .
but that 's really all i would recommend .
everything else is mediocre and super cheesy .
the skinny margaritas are not that good .
tacos were soaked in grease .
they were obnoxious , yelling f bombs constantly .
loaded with crap it did not even taste good .
after that , our tacos were not so appetizing !
too bad because my boyfriend loves this place .
atmosphere is very dated .
spicy wings are too spicy .
long wait , food was a mess and unappealing .
one of the worst places i've been .
for such a big venue it was extremely empty .
the food was so bland .
completely unsatisfied with the service and food .
as for the food , it had no taste !
will not recommend this place or go back .
good food bad service .
this is not the place it used to be .
portion was just smaller .
then to our favorite pollo fundido .
the worst was the fajitas which were bland .
needless to say , they where still terrible .
it has a dirty feel to it .
the meat had little to no seasoning !
sadly , this was definitely not the case .
the jalepeno cheese muffins were good .
overall , confusing and strange .
i don't like sweet marinara or pizza sauce .
oh well , no big deal .
went to kitchen to inspect pizza .
this household doesn't eat animals .
i couldn't eat it .
i have to say i was extremely disappointed .
i will not be eating her again .
he was unfortunately , terribly wrong .
pizza seemed like it had too much cheese .
not the pizza for me .
the food is mediocre at best .
but they run the place poorly .
we left , i will never go back .
are you kidding me ?
that raspberry filling was atrocious .
i wish i could give zero stars .
sassy glasses falls short everywhere else however .
overpriced , poor quality , bad customer service .
don't waste your money .
but the bugs really are too much .
the office is a nightmare situation .
i'm so glad to be gone !
i would not recommend this community .
the front office is an absolute mess .
started off great and ended very poorly .
why the hell did i waste my time cleaning ?
not recommended at all .
i would not recommend this pharmacy to anyone .
because you just fell into the category of walmart .
the place has gone downhill a little bit .
i would not take my children back here .
that was so creepy .
that is an absurd price .
the hours say that this store opens at 7:30 .
the food is not even mediocre it sucks !
unfortunately i was unimpressed with the food .
unfortunately , the service was really slow .
it was downhill from there .
they , however , are not the meal .
that said , the food was sorely lacking .
in other words , they were very flaky .
it held together very poorly .
bad , just bad .
are you kidding me ?
drink , but whats the point if it sucks .
that being said , tonight was a disaster .
so , i get it in a sense .
it would 've saved me a lot of time .
look elsewhere , would be my advice .
not a fan of that .
i have never been treated so badly .
the server , cindy , was the worst !
she was so rude .
the food came and it was awful .
they were completely dry and almost inedible .
i can not believe the treatment we received .
this woman should not be in the service industry .
but this behavior was inexcusable and shocking .
cindy was the rudest server i have ever had .
they have very limited choices for vegetarians .
i am half mexican myself .
maybe traditional in your family .
bacon was a luxury .
a rude , angry bitter old man .
just warning anyone who might have an event here .
the salsa and chips are overrated .
the carne asada burrito was horrible .
it tasted like charred asada .
unfortunately it never came .
otherwise she would not have seen much .
terrible service , hotel food .
isn't this breaking some sort of yelp rule ?
there are many better choices .
ate dinner here a week ago .
did not like the food .
i would rather pay than eat that buffet again .
not excited to try that again .
-the cheese crisp was ok .
i can make better mexican , and i'm asian .
its like a bad night in mexico .
service sucked , but the food sucked more .
well , got off to a bad start .
i wish i would have ordered something else .
my family went for lunch on a weekday .
i think it is long overdue for a cleaning .
nothing but poor service and poorly cooked food .
terrible experience , don't sit on the patio .
the place was slow so there was no excuse .
i've eaten at this restaurant before when visiting phoenix .
so dissatisfied we went to denny 's afterwards .
sour cream and lime extra charge for your tacos ?
not going to eat here again .
it was pretty forgettable .
the service was so so bad .
the restaurant is dark the ceilings are filthy .
thank god we walked out when we did !
probably won't be back .
too late ; we had to sit inside .
they refused to split the tab .
the food was typical mexican food .
i can't remember worse service at a restaurant .
the food isn't so great here .
like they are too good to clean it .
they weren't even that busy .
food weak bland , lacked interest or taste .
disappointed in the food .
the items we ordered were flavorless .
our server was seriously super slow .
for dessert , which were all polished off .
my how things go bad so quickly !
the food i ordered was ok .
i can eat fire so this is no surprise .
my son 's cheese quesadilla had tomatoes in it .
i called the waitress over and explained .
i'll never go back again .
just nothing to write home about .
of course this pissed me off .
that did not make it ok .
food was awful , not good at all .
overall , not a good experience .
vegetarians beware everything is made w/ meat .
safe w/ grilled veggies .
their flour tortillas were awful !
don't bother with this place .
i just won't recommend it or plan to return .
myself & family had horrible experience at this establishment .
never coming back to this establishment .
i doubt we'll be back .
then only a partial delivery .
my carnitas tacos came out cold and dry .
the place is obviously very poorly managed .
it made for an unpleasant dinner .
cheap food , cheap service .
that 's why you're getting this horrible review .
the bartender was a bitch too with attitude .
this team was an embarrassment to your program .
overall wasted an hour just on wait time .
i won't be visiting this location again .
they were overcooked and oddly spiced .
the beer was cold though .
maybe they shouldn't have their food sitting out though .
be sure to check your credit card statement .
i know , i live here .
never had pasta in a mexican restaurant .
beans taste like dirt .
very disappointed in this store .
my other prescriptions will remain at walgreens .
he will not stop complaining about the company .
she was in severe pain .
will not use cvs again .
walgreens here we come , we'll try anywhere else .
idiots now i'm calling there corporate .
i would not recommend her .
all of the electrical went out shortly after .
i would definitely not recommend being a customer .
very poor customer service !
however , the tea was not fresh .
it was gross and i threw it away .
went in on saturday around 2pm .
do not get propane refills at this location !
yeah , that happened to me .
i wish i could do negative stars .
i wouldn't wish this bank on my worst enemy !
worst bank of america !
this used to be our favorite coffee spot .
seems to have gone down hill a bit .
not the same friendly employees and quality is lacking .
this is not a four star coffee joint .
it's been a week and it has n't cleared .
she didn't have a reason for it .
very disappointed with this company .
they stuck us with this obnoxious company .
they are rude unprofessional and generally default to horrible .
still have yet to see him .
they are also filed uneven .
do not go to this nail shop .
terrible place to get nails done .
worst gel mani of my life .
the lady was really rude .
she literally covered my cuticles .
no manager or owner on duty .
thanks for wasting my time and money .
she used a rude tone to say that .
and didn't even look at me.
pei wei -- i miss the good times .
it seems like they just don't care .
& i will not come back again .
i'm not sure what to think anymore .
have been back since they switched back though .
somehow the food doesn't seem as good .
today was really strange though .
lost all interest after that .
all empty tables were dirty - all eight tables .
it was lunchtime and busy .
service like mcdonald 's counter .
it's a low key place with some interesting folks .
would we return to big daddy 's ?
didn't take long to figure out why .
no monday night happy hour .
no happy hour any day of the week .
the staff most times are just rude .
there is no in house x-ray .
after i left i was mad enough to call .
i most likely won't ever go back .
i would not recommend this shop to anyone .
i wish i could give it no stars .
the food was so salty it was almost inedible .
the dinner left a lot to be desired .
it came all mixed together not on side .
this place needs to do a better job !
what a waste of space .
no so my fellow yelpers , not so .
it's expensive and our meal was completely forgettable .
i had scallops and fettuccine which was uneven .
the pasta was seriously undercooked .
let 's just say the food was definitely lacking .
steak fries came and were uncooked .
sea bass good but dry .
good waiter but horrible food .
brussel sprouts were soggy also .
the bottom looked and tasted rotten like curd .
i immediately felt sick after eating the creme brulee .
i was really looking forward to having dinner here .
boy oh boy , what a disappointment !
gordon ramsey would have had a fit .
the food was hit and miss .
waiter was extremely inattentive .
we won't return or recommend this place .
simply put , this placed sucked .
finally , the food was really salty !
this was extremely disappointing .
unbelievable and extremely disappointing .
the focaccia bread was kind of bland and dry .
friday night dinner service and out of bread ?
the staff i encountered were rude and arrogant .
terrible experience and i will never go back .
it's ridiculous and so not worth going to .
i won't be coming back .
i am so disappointed with this place .
would not go back .
the case had a yelp sticker on it .
i then tried the shrimp appetizer with quinoa .
no one at our table cared for the taste .
service was slow and inattentive .
waiter brought by dessert menus .
horrible experience for such a special occasion .
thanks for wasting my time on hold .
i would give zero stars if possible .
we will not be back .
good view with bad breath waiter !
the food was ok but not great .
the view was amazing , the food was not .
we were very disappointed .
our service however , was not .
went saturday night for restaurant week menu .
would not go back .
i'm so disappointed , it's unreal .
food was good but service was terrible .
awful , rude women working there .
this was my third experience and never again .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
awful service on so many levels .
wrong dishwasher delivered the first time .
no note , no knock on the door .
i would not use my time like this .
i was very disappointed in their service .
tells me it's a plumbing problem not the washer .
unfortunately , found his number this morning .
this isn't the worse place i've been .
she is not enjoying this one bit .
no lady , you didn't give .
she was rough and rushed the whole time .
not to mention they changed the prices last minute .
dont waste your time or money on this dump .
my tech clearly could not understand much english .
she said , rudely , " no !
extra for taking off your old polish ! "
i would never return , obviously .
that 's a pitiful way to run a business .
what a horrible experience !
i will never go back .
she is a horrible business owner .
i would suggest to try another nail salon !
this place was horrible .
what in the flying f ?
i didn't even get my nails painted there .
you have seriously been warned !
this nail shop is horrible .
i'm very unhappy about it .
you will not see me going there again .
worst pedicure i've ever gotten .
they just want to get you in and out .
take your money elsewhere .
was not impressed with this place at all .
just this huge wall of products .
the place is a cluttered mess .
i couldn't believe it .
there is nothing soothing about this salon .
i was very dissapointed .
i will not be returning to the salon .
i left the salon with almost black hair .
instead was a mess .
furthermore my hair was not even styled properly !
never had this happen before .
2nd , no refund or potential fix .
service was done , price was ok .
crooks and i'm never going back .
the box he was in was very tacky .
this is where things went downhill .
she placed us in another waiting room .
unfortunately , we thought wrong !
my last nurse was horrible !
i have never been treated this way before .
she was in pain .
went in at 4:30 , got out at 11:30 .
sometimes you don't even get that .
terrible communication , won't return calls or emails .
i have never been treated so rudely .
they don't care if they ruin your clothes .
my garage door opener died a few weeks ago .
note : my home warranty company chose this company .
the tech was aggressive , & refused to wait .
good thing i didn't have to shoot him .
the tech was aggressive , & refused to wait .
good thing i didn't have to shoot him .
how they are in business i have no idea .
do not use this company !
there weren't any other problems with my door .
pretty blah , really .
not horrible , but also not worth the price .
the shredded beef didn't have much flavor to it .
nothing special about the decoration .
kind of plain could of used some cleaning .
we get our drinks and wait and wait .
this is your typical mom and pop place .
not so with this one .
we walked in and were seated promptly .
hard , greasy , horrible .
it was the worst cheese crisp i've ever had .
not your typical machaca .
i would not visit here again .
do not eat at this restaurant .
the mild salsa just tasted like cilantro .
the green corn tamale with green sauce was awesome !
the refried beans weren't fresh at all .
really wouldn't recommend this spot at all .
the waiter ( new ) didn't have a clue .
not bad , not good , just average .
worse mexican food i've ever had !
chips and salsa what mexican restaurant charges for that ?
food was ok but not worth going back .
whatever they're doing just isn't effective .
i would not recommend at all !
in all , do not use this service !
all this information would have been great weeks ago .
she just stared at me .
easily the worst customer service experience of my life .
my home warranty company sent them out .
i'm not sure they know what they are doing .
lazy , crooked and awful .
never again will i use this place .
the contractor then denied causing the damage .
it's tuesday and - nothing .
needless to say , i'm contacting another company .
don't give them your money .
this is really an incompetent company .
really think twice before using this company .
plus their service is terrible .
yet another reason this shop is very bad .
i said no i don't have cash .
do not use this location !
too bad their work is not consistent .
it's extremely unfortunate and i wish it weren't so .
not a lot of integrity .
why can't the attendant understand a simple direct question ?
cold pizza & flat soda .
dirty bathrooms with bugs all over the floors .
very disappointed and unhappy .
these guys are a mess .
and maybe the pizza would have been hot .
she said she would cancel and refund the order .
the experience was disappointing .
the spaghetti was beyond overcooked .
it just turned to mush .
the sauce , left a lot to be desired .
they advertise italian sausage pieces in it .
they got the order wrong .
then they overcharged me .
i am very disappointed .
i would not go back to this shop .
went to central care care for a diagnostic .
i would not trust them with my bicycle .
i will never return here .
they have spa chairs for pedicures .
the polish is sloppy .
they don't look neat and clean .
i could not wait so i rescheduled the appointment .
i replied no and i left the salon .
i will not be returning .
they are not running a professional business .
i will not be returning .
horrible horrible customer service and work .
horrible horrible customer service and work .
looks like i'm back to fixing it myself .
i would avoid them at all costs .
the park is very pro smoking and pets .
the canned foods in the grocery area are dusty .
i'm italian and i'm embarrassed for these people .
but instead i feel ripped off .
what a disgrace to italian food .
perhaps next time i should get a sub .
then things got worse .
real harsh and angry .
probably not the best choice for any business .
they iron your shirt from wet to dry .
they told me they did not have my clothes .
she would not even give us a name .
real harsh and angry .
probably not the best choice for any business . "
well it went downhill from there .
dryers did not dry .
there are better stores .
half of them are n't labeled or priced .
warning do not go here !
( edit : apple tree died . )
called again to check ; no call back .
called to complain -- no call back .
well , no one knows -- it just is .
i should give negative stars !
my oil plug wasn't put back in properly .
my car leaked all the oil .
we cant even register an oil reading .
completely ruined this trip !
shame on you guys !
all of my dog 's tests came back negative .
long story short , i felt ripped off .
this place is horrible !
if i'm not comfortable there must be a reason .
this place is horrible !
the tech was awful .
horrible hospital , very impersonal !
the doctor only cares about money and is rude !
you do not call your customers liars !
customer service leaves much to be desired .
had a really bad experience .
boy was i wrong !
what a horrible experience !
they are overly disorganized .
the food is bland .
horrible food choices besides the salads .
there is no atmosphere really .
the food is mediocre at best .
the vibe is lame .
waitress was unfriendly and too busy .
i won't be back .
the prices are n't that great .
normally i love this place but today management failed .
went here tonight , will never be back .
but the service was beyond bad .
the server repeatedly forgot my tables drinks .
i was craving wings .
sat down greeted by the bartender .
he said nothing to us .
but went around to all other tables .
so i walked out .
this has happened on more than one occasion .
don't care to ever come back .
so were my friends ' sloppy nachos and quesadilla .
we made a mistake going there .
the lettuce was terrible .
limp is one way to describe it .
the bartender was very inattentive and rude .
good place for a beer , skip the food .
the place was dark and pretty much empty .
the cheese dip was horrible !
it was thick and cold .
the burgers were huge but not that great .
my husband then asks for fried fish .
he didn't finish it .
frankly , i'd give negative stars if i could !
the spring rolls have the texture of dried cardboard .
moist cardboard would be an improvement .
not great but i ate it .
only white rice was offered with the orange chicken .
i didn't really like anything i ordered .
frankly , i was just really unimpressed .
i won't be back .
we're not coming back .
i was totally unsatisfied .
i can say i was sorely disappointed .
entres lack flavor and are very oily .
i've never had fried rice with this much oil !
husband and i went tonight .
water doesn't taste very good .
unfortunately both meals we ordered were barely edible .
the crispy duck was mostly fat and lacked flavor .
second disappointment - the pizza .
third disappointment - the salad .
i hate giving bad reviews .
actually this is the lowest review i've ever given .
very poor customer service skills .
they didn't even apologize .
overpriced for such bad service .
the whole experience was pathetic and disappointing .
won't be going back .
she was not a good example of customer service .
so no one to talk to .
i didn't feel like a valued customer .
i will not be coming back .
i hate liars and incompetent management .
( this explained no cars in the lot ) .
the choices are limited and not that good .
three minutes later , still no waitress .
i walked out hungry .
went back for lunch .
it was a big mistake .
not once did my water get refilled .
no one asked me how my lunch was .
i'm never coming back .
i stayed here last month .
she didn't tell any of them .
i recently booked this hotel by the pictures .
not kept up at all .
the pictures do not tell the full story .
lumpy pillows with questionable bedding .
bad coffee and terrible breakfast .
the non smoking room smelled like a smoking room .
i would avoid this place at all costs .
this is extremely disappointing .
don't stay here if you can help it .
they gave away our room .
of course , the room reeked .
of course , the room reeked .
i have them such a glowing review before .
i am really disappointed .
they were quite helpful .
open road tours nearly ruined our vacation !
very plain , nothing special .
i ended up throwing my food away .
very disappointing all the way around .
so so much potential but poorly done .
total disregard for client 's time .
terrible as most said something changed .
stay away and don't waste your money .
thanks but no thanks .
big kia on bell road is a total rip-off !
after that everything goes downhill .
after that the owner got really nasty .
it wasn't anywhere to be found .
i will not be returning .
super pushy , not kind at all .
my toe nails were filed incorrectly .
worst customer service ever !
the wax itself was awful .
what a waste of time , money and hair !
not very coupon friendly .
we will never return to this walgreens .
the are slow and disorganized with poor customer service .
never had any problems .
is by far the worst i've ever been too .
i give this pharmacy the worst ratings .
he didn't help us .
he too was in pain .
don't go to this pharmacy .
never got the medicine my husband needed .
unless you want to be disappointed .
the pharmacist and the tech both ignored my existence .
then stared at me like i was an idiot .
read the reviews you idiots .
would rate zero if i could .
avoid this location at all costs .
worst pharmacy experience ever .
well it's clear i was wrong .
my partner and i have had nothing but problems .
they just act like i'm some crazy person .
they claimed they never received it .
this is a mickey mouse club house in here .
he had never had an issue before .
what sucks about this particular store is the pharmacy .
i wait til 8pm , same thing smh .
worst photo department i have ever seen .
i quickly jumped on that deal .
its very dirty and not well organized .
salty and not spicy at all .
fried wontons i couldn't even chew .
everything else we sadly threw away .
the service was great but the food was disappointing .
the plum sauce was not helping .
we couldn't eat any of it .
total waste of money .
i'm sorry but this place was awful .
however , the entrees were really terrible .
i ate about three small bites and gave up .
it was almost flavorless .
this place should be avoided at all costs .
why can't i just order what i want ?
why can't you just sell a half bowl ?
neither did the general tso chicken .
egg rolls were good though .
do not order delivery from this place !
sadly , we probably wont go back .
i don't know why she's even in costumer service !
i would never go back .
only giving one star cause i had to .
but they seem to have closed .
probably won't be back .
he also hated this .
but they seem to have closed .
tried to order from here again tonight .
i find that pretty ridiculous and bad customer service .
it was average at best .
if i could give it a zero i would .
to bad , only fast food i ever ate .
i didn't feel rushed at all .
i would never go back to this place .
the side salad was horrible .
the buffalo shrimp and fajitas are awesome .
the wings were not hot at all .
not a good start .
the service wasn't bad but wasn't impressive either .
reality is , that 's not the case .
i can't wait for my lease to end .
rent is decently priced .
more trashy people than great families .
that was a little annoying .
there is trash all over the place .
it was terrible in the worst way .
did they tell customers , no .
wow , poor customer service all around .
went to get my jeans altered .
will not go back .
i will not be going back .
unfortunately that was not my experience .
i will not be returning to phoenix alterations .
by far the worst customer service ever !
i kinda wish i stopped somewhere else .
all were dry and flavorless except for the sugar .
i was so disappointed in this .
the shelves were pretty empty .
they office staff has a ridiculous turn over .
so all in all , do not rent here .
i have never met a apartment staff so rude .
they then were sending me to collections .
manager was busy chatting with employees .
in store is hit and miss .
i was with my fianc and couldn't believe it .
i hate paying full price for anything .
this is a yucky ross .
dirty , dirty , dirty !
worst return policy in town !
they made the trip even worse !
they were loud and obnoxious to all other shoppers .
horrible horrible customer service !
i will never return here again .
sorry to say but my experience wasn't the greatest .
i went here once and never going back .
they were super thin .
looks like i did my manicure myself .
but i was so wrong .
we had a really bad experience .
i would not recommend her .
but feel their skill level is poor .
would rather go elsewhere .
i will not make this mistake twice .
go to bbb report before go to him please .
person like him can't be in us .
got f rate very bad .
most phoenix tennis courts do not .
never seen that before !
customer beware , nothing feel worse than food poisoning .
the onion rings we were served were sour !
terrible location that should be shut down .
this is my third visit and my last .
the drive through is always slow .
so off to wendy 's across the street .
how does one mess up cheese fries ?
worst breakfast burrito and coffee i've ever had .
threw it in the trash and left .
i'm disappointed nearly every time i go here .
store is just too small .
variety sucks , prices suck .
then she walked away for something .
maybe i just ordered the wrong dish .
but it wasn't served like that .
they are rude every single time .
not at this location .
it's wendy 's gross !
tasted like it had been sitting for awhile .
it was really slow .
they seriously make me sick .
they have no idea what customer service is whatsoever .
this place will mess up your order every time .
selling old food is not good for business .
the store near bell and 7th st. was filthy .
worse " ray 's " i've been too !
it was just sauce and little but of cheese .
too bad , because the crust was excellent .
paid for ranch and got home and no ranch .
what a terrible experience for a well reviewed place .
service was neither friendly nor rude .
i don't like eating cheap food .
this is a horrible excuse for a cleaners .
quick service , poor quality .
will not be back .
this place ruined my dry cleaning .
the guy i dealt with seemed very lazy .
um no , i'll try somewhere else and left .
what a disgusting little place .
i grabbed my stuff and left .
it was a mistake getting it from boa .
the customer service there is terrible .
not the type of service i would expect .
the apartment is ok by my standards .
no one was ever friendly towards me .
i had loud , obnoxious residents around me .
that is just terrible service .
granted it is not all bad .
i'm glad i won't be here for much longer .
the management make it very difficult to live here .
i wish i could give negative stars .
apparently i am not .
( yes , a kilt ) .
how the hell am i supposed to pay them ?
they are not all about " us " .
i get home and what do i find ?
my current bank has no such limit .
this isn't one of them .
i really don't think we will be going back .
went to this salon in october for a pedicure .
i would go elsewhere for the price .
i won't return to this location .
i will never step foot in this place again .
no one returned my call .
so i made another follow-up two days later .
no customer should ever be treated like this .
wouldn't even look at my item nor me .
just kept staring into space .
it appears there are new owners .
the buffet items are overly greasy and spiced oddly .
just stopped for lunch before driving off .
probably won't ever go back .
really , it sucked .
the food wasn't good and the service was bad .
they seemed to hate me for some reason .
the chicken masala was ok as well .
not a welcoming place .
maybe some whole wheat pasta too ?
regardless of that , it simply isn't good .
i stopped to get two different kinds of wings .
they were really bad .
salad was good , the pizza was horrible .
this place is questionable at best .
my food was barely over room temp at best .
streets of new york pizza is awful .
they over charge and their ingredients are sub par .
all it consists of is soggy tomatoes and cheese .
it was average at best .
avoid the regular ice tea , it's olive flavored .
oh , lets not get to carried away here .
" i dunno " .
and seven dollars for mac-n-cheese , that is outrageous !
the bleu cheese dressing contained no actual cheese .
oh , and the shrimp was boiled .
rather than coming here , just eat the money .
the pizza was very bland .
too bad , i really wanted to like it .
this place was terrible .
can't believe this place is still in business .
place was empty on a thursday night .
what a mistake that was .
this place needs a kitchen nightmares make over asap !
it tasted nice but wasn't worth the money .
he got three stuffed shells in a meat sauce .
probably won't go back .
my pizza was soggy and doughy .
the environment was awkward and weird .
did not live up to the hype .
it was a little bit bland and rather greasy .
edible but not something i would order again .
however , the orange tofu was terrible .
the tofu was soggy ( bleh ! )
tonight 's visit was unbelievably disgusting !
i dislike drinking from cups at restaurants .
then this is where it went south .
not even edible , just disgusting .
sadly , it is not any longer .
egg drop soup is watery no flavor .
egg rolls are greasy and over fried .
food was a little bland .
i probably won't be going back .
none of the containers were full .
sorry to say , but yuck .
sad to see a good place go downhill .
unfortunately , won't be back here again .
he never went to wash his hands afterwards .
when they arrived , we were highly disappointed .
the tacos are good , the service is bad .
i will not be returning .
this was my second visit to this location .
it just ruined it for future visits .
plus the 2am crowd is interesting !
whatever it was it was disgusting .
the beans are a little runny .
my expectations are low .
it was hard and pretty tasteless .
oh and the fries were cold both times .
you really let me down this past friday night .
not sure where she was but we waited patiently .
the menus were disgusting .
the presentation was horrible , they tasted even worse .
i ate two bites and had had enough .
this was almost the worse dining experience ever !
seriously what the hell happened to this location !
food was up to par today .
worst dining experience ever .
wait staff had no idea what was going on .
server was trying her hardest but to no avail .
this chili 's is awful .
the service is ridiculous and the food is gross .
the food did not taste good at all .
the service was slow and rude .
i would strongly advise not to eat here .
why does anyone eat at these shitty places .
don't plan on dining here again .
this was not their best night .
the service was slow .
the food had rushed air to it .
stay away from saturday night .
here i sit eating my lunch .
instead you just ruined my sunday !
i'm not paying for them i stated .
everytime i give it another try i regret it .
lost my appetite and left .
french fried in old oil grease .
i won't be back .
this place has crappy customer service .
they forgot part of our order from tonight .
this is a horrible pizza hut location .
shouldn't be a problem , right ?
no phone call this time .
gross i will not be going there again .
then i'm talking to someone new .
you're too lazy to leave a voicemail ?
shame on you pizza hut .
threw them both in the trash !
unfortunately , i can't agree with the prior reviewers .
the arrangement of the flowers was very sloppy .
on closer examination , the flowers are all fake .
horrible , horrible service !
well , fedex just lost all my business !
sent it out and was still getting charged .
club had a great remodel .
but its going down hill really fast .
it was like trying to buy a used car .
i hate high pressure sales .
this gym has become an absolute dump .
the place is an absolute tip in the evenings .
it's not up to you !
i'm not under a contract .
so i called corporate who instantly canceled my membership .
my biggest problem with this gym is the hours .
man , i hate this location !
the cardio machines are n't new .
the weight machines are standard , at best .
don't let them pressure you .
that broad needs a reality check !
parent of the child entering the child care area .
the child care area and i followed .
and no children in the child care .
avoid this gym if you take your kids there .
i gave it a shot and was not satisfied .
avoid this place like the plague .
bathrooms cleanliness leave something to be desired .
wasn't a problem the day before .
the front desk girls are beyond rude .
i hate dealing with them .
i literally hate this place now .
completely ruined my hair today .
worst dry cleaning i've ever had done .
would not recommend this place to anybody .
could hardly understand them with their broken english .
they were very rude .
couldn't have said it better .
why not just go buy something new ?
your mostly dated goods can collect dust .
disappointed to see this change .
the entire interaction with the agent was extremely unpleasant .
james told me no in person .
that was very rude and unprofessional .
i will not recommend anyone here .
i am just so done with this daycare .
so why can't they get it out ?
i do not recommend and i won't go back .
rushed and poor quality .
by far the worst ive ever had .
they just rushed me in .
worse place to go .
always had to wait 20-30 mins after booked appointment .
i am very glad to be at another doctor .
luckily this will my moms last visit here .
worst doctor 's office i have ever been too .
i gave one star bc i had to .
she kept none of the length .
what nasty looking stylists .
disappointed with the service i received from carrie today .
bad representation of the company .
is this some kind of sick joke ?
i will never buy another vehicle from bell lexus .
their service department ripped me off .
you can't be serious .
seriously people , stay away from this dealership .
arrowhead and bell lexus is owned by same company .
worst new car sales experience ever .
glad there are choices for other lexus dealerships .
these people are not a group with much integrity .
warning , they are not trustworthy .
poor customer service and lots of attitude .
were a bit crunchy like they were under cooked .
the plastic fork broke off in the first one .
they will be limited .
that 's what a job is !
sherry 's pampered pets should be shut down .
the first time i fell in love .
am i limited to one person ?
the lady who picked up sounded extremely annoyed .
was rude and curt .
otherwise you are losing a customer .
he was not groomed .
ok , rant time !
great food , not so great barista knowledge .
the problem here seems to be organization and timing .
it was a simple mistake .
any other einstein 's is better than this one .
i would give zero stars if i could .
" we're closed , don't you understand ! "
customer service was awful .
the actual customer service is terrible here .
a customer no more !
worst mcdonald 's ever .
unless you speak spanish don't bother .
the store manager was the real problem .
this was very disappointing .
cashier was disgusting and unsanitary .
i left very confused how these reviews came about .
the food was terrible .
my salmon was thin , overlooked , and fishy .
it was definitely not worth it .
we would not dine there again .
the food was bland and flavorless .
the atmosphere and pasta weren't bad .
my husband also said the espresso wasn't bad .
ate here this evening , food was just ok .
we just paid and left will never go back .
my chicken was dry .
i couldn't eat it .
dried out crab stuffed in white chewing salmon .
chewy and i'm not convinced it was actually veal .
no servers came to the table .
the very busy staff seemed to have forgotten us .
four hours for an oil change ?
i was sorely disappointed .
this place is ridiculous .
well making this next appointment was the worst !
rip off with a bad attitude !
horrible and awful are not strong enough words .
do not buy tires from fletcher .
they do not warrant the tires they sell .
interesting that fletcher no longer sells firestone tires ?
that 's because they sold us a bad product .
do not buy tires here .
they do not stand by their product .
if i could give zero stars i would .
horrible horrible place and horrible staff .
i m so frustrated .
horrible rude customer service- they take advantage of women .
no one at fletcher even looked at our truck .
bad form fletcher , bad form .
i don't know why i return .
i would not recommend this place .
too bad they prefer to have an unhappy customer .
the customer is wrong here apparently .
i won't go back there again .
don't care about customer one bit .
left vehicle mats dirty and grease on doors .
would give zero stars .
don't trust this groupon coupons at all .
do not go to these locations .
clearly not , sir .
clearly not , sir .
unfortunately , i needed my car fixed .
my car was ready the following thursday .
i'm worried they may do more damage .
spinatos disappointed me big time .
the toppings were very sparse and not that fresh .
ok , we'll get pizza for saturday .
people , this is not good pizza .
the sauce was horrible !
it was sweet and my taste buds were confused .
it was very strange .
how difficult is it to chop some garlic ?
i really don't understand the raves for this place .
it barely satisfied our craving for actual pizza .
the caesar dressing was very fishy .
the pizza sauce was way too sweet .
this is bad policy .
( well at least it's hot ) not .
i'll try again but not right away .
came in hungry , left very hungry !
unfortunately , experience was complete ruined by this time .
in my opinion sauce should not taste like this .
tonight we ordered from the bell rd location .
unfortunately the pizza was awful .
it is pretty slow here .
spinato 's has lost my business forever .
an answering system says i'm 3rd in line .
i totally understand that places get crazy busy .
no information or sorry they were closed .
for the price too , i expected more .
everybody said to go to heritage so i did .
their drinks were flat .
our burgers were thrown together and sloppy .
not so much a church as a huge theater .
no one really gets to know anyone .
this " church " is not for me .
because we weren't apart of the church .
leaving this church today , i feel extremely disappointed .
god spoke to me and told me to run !
- extremely long wait times .
so i need a haircut .
sandy , however , has left .
and in my opinion , neither should you .
do not go here for eyebrow waxing !
my neck hurt the entire time .
not professional , not my cup of tea .
the male bathroom was very dirty .
the women 's bathroom is hardly ever cleaned .
it should be clean already for their customers .
it drives me crazy !
never been to a worse starbucks .
the latter was very mean .
no wait " promise with the app .
totally messed up my cut .
what a great first time horrible experience .
why are you avoiding me ?
i am not avoiding you .
do not do business with this salon !
this salon is terrible .
i won't go back .
obnoxious clients and less than excellent nail tech .
this is the worst business ever .
they should really not be in business .
a really terrible place .
cold lotion at that , it wasn't even warmed !
what a complete mess .
they certainly lost a potential return customer in me .
i also purchased a groupon when they offered it .
whatever you do don't go there with a groupon .
our property management company sent them out .
worst ac company in the whole valley !
do not use this company !
not a fan at all .
i threw it out after a few bites .
but that is nothing that requires work .
others just want a quick buck at your expense .
probably one of the worst experiences of my life !
avoid this place at all cost !
i would give negative stars if i could .
they also overcharge for teeth cleaning .
i would not recommend this vet .
now he is dead .
do not suggest this place .
very disappointed with this place !
now for the bad .
now for the ugly .
bad work and terrible management !
try returning a bad battery .
hd batteries are supposed to be high quality .
the store was not remotely busy .
they of course denied any wrong doing or mistakes .
store is not crowded whatsoever .
i will not spend a single dollar here .
tl ; dr the worst service ever received .
the worst harley dealer in phoenix !
this place is horrible !
the neighbors are horrible and the apartments are tiny .
terrible staff and management .
don't waste your time on these apartments .
like bat ( you know what ) crazy .
ordered takeout and was not impressed .
the hostess answering the phone was rude as well .
she wasn't really impressed either .
looks like valle luna from now on .
consistency in preparation is also missing .
plus , the egg roll was ridiculous .
that was my budget lunch .
first visit was not that impressive .
i found this place to be pretty mediocre .
i found this place to be pretty mediocre .
but the food isn't that great .
i won't be back .
the pad thai was not as good .
the food is way too salty .
i had the shrimp salad and it was horrible .
but the guy was like well that 's illegal !
the thai soup staple .
like , how can you make terrible tom yum ?
mushy ( as in possibly spoiled ) shrimp .
should be sour with some heat .
nothing was even slightly spicy .
all sweet , no heat .
so much to pick at , won't be returning .
the tom yum soup is not tom yum .
it's ok , but it's definitely not tom yum .
i myself do not mind spicy foods .
very disappointing to say the least .
worst customer service and follow-up appointment .
terrible , extremely noticeable and customer service unprofessional .
the regional director even sent me an email .
this place has constant management turn over .
this was the absolute worst storage facility .
as a business person the experience here is unprofessional .
i do not recommend this storage facility .
it's just not worth it .
i was so disappointed !
please don't waste your time or money !
it is downright awful .
i would give negative stars if i could .
it wasn't delicious whatsoever .
i am very disappointed in this .
i won't be ordering from new north china again .
i would recommend you look elsewhere .
quite possibly the worst meal i've ever had delivered .
never returning to this place again !
so i am still sitting here .
hmm that doesn't seem right .
then the owner came over to finish my pedicure .
not only that but the worst pedicure experience .
my suggestion , don't come here ever .
i was so pissed !
are you kidding me ?
my nails didn't last a week .
this place has terrible service .
this place is awful !
do not waste your money or time .
oh and the salon is dirty .
rude and not welcoming !
i would give them zero stars if allowed .
sat down and they were not that busy .
of course , this was not the case .
i would suggest that nobody goes there .
very rude serving people .
also the people there are rude .
this place is a ripoff .
do not use this company .
boy this place has gone down the can .
so i give her zero stars !
i do not recommend taking your vehicle here .
please do not take your vehicle to them .
this place is hit or miss .
no apology no more business .
at this point , i should of left .
they were fuzzy and really poor quality .
are you kidding me ?
worst dentist office in town .
i pulled off the freeway to reschedule my appointment .
these people don't care about you or your mouth .
do not bring your business to this facility .
but i've later it has closed .
his new staff treats everyone like garbage .
very polite and knowledgable !
the staff there is extremely rude !
there were two girls there that were particularly rude .
this was frustrating to say the least .
don't be fooled by this vets lies .
if i was lying - ridiculous .
the only plus here is the drinks !
this place is gross .
there is nothing fresh about this mexican grill .
the food is mostly tasteless and sloppy .
my daughter and i left without finishing our food .
one bonus star for not getting sick from anything .
i ordered a spicy chicken burrito that was blech !
nothing good about that thing .
how can a eatery get mexican food so wrong ?
the chicken was bland .
i would never advise this place .
i hate to be mean .
this place was hard to find anything good .
the service was really terrible .
only the quesadilla was edible .
all the food is watery & lacking real flavor .
even the salsa is pretty crappy .
she spoke in a condescending rude tone .
avoid this place like the plague .
unsatisfied & will not be returning .
went in for a trim and thin .
my bbq beans were alright , nothing special .
the place was empty .
it was dry and tough and tasted pretty salty .
not at all like last time .
onion rings were ok meh nothing to write about .
the rib tips were cold inside .
this place was so disappointing .
i will not be coming back .
came here with friends to satisfy a bbq craving .
i had to pour on bbq sauce .
i had been wanting to have barbeque for awhile .
that was a mistake .
i would not recommend going here to anyone .
i personally will not be going back .
everything was no good .
the meat was dry the sides were bland .
in summary , don't go here .
the noodles they had were pretty bland .
the curry was really bland and watery .
we should have gone to dq instead .
then the food was yuck !
this has to be the worst !
here is your warning .
chow mein was watery and tasteless .
if want a list of place to stay away .
the food was mediocre .
worst restaurant experience in my life .
they really have no idea how to treat people .
nothing special but nothing to complain about .
but i felt really gross after eating it .
rice wasn't cooked right and had little flavor .
could have used more sauce and veggies .
not impressed at all .
i will not be ordering from them again .
the fried rice was sad .
no flavor even tho it was fried .
the wontons were seriously over cooked .
the orange chicken was also lacking .
fried rice was undercooked .
where are the flat rate cleaners ?
i would suggest you bring your business elsewhere .
this is a sleazy operation .
no phone call to inform me .
but when i came back their was no credit .
i sent text messages and i left messages .
i am loyal to fault .
don't waste your time with these guys .
was very disappointed with their service .
i can not recommend them .
very inconsistent food and service .
i will not be buying from domino 's again .
the food we got tonight was laughable .
no answer and they never delivered the pizza !
just tell me you are n't going to deliver .
very very disappointed in this place .
burnt and cold , wth ?
zero stars would have been except able !
do not take your pet to this place !
the owners of the other dogs were not notified .
this place does not care about your pet .
sketchy doggie day care .
do not trust your beloved pet to this place !
are you kidding me ?
so my sample was thrown away .
the doctor pushed pills .
last week i called to schedule an appointment .
will never go here again !
i've never been so insulted .
and i'm not even a difficult client .
but i'm none of that .
that 's just lazy !
today , they lost a customer and a fan .
very disappointed with the pedicure i received .
people in phoenix must have pretty low standards .
she was just awful !
i was so offended !
i left and my nails looked horrible .
i'm never going here again !
as was the case tonight .
it says something very negative about the organization .
they still got it wrong .
wish dq could get their act together .
a disappointment on every level .
i would not recommend .
the girls are ok but the staff is awful .
low class , all around .
that was not the case .
the installers were nice enough but barely spoke english .
they said that jenny never comes to the jobs .
no one addressed the problems .
no one followed through .
i would not use them again .
this subway is the absolute worst !
the staff of this place is so strange .
we shouldn't have to pay for this garbage !
so why am i so incredibly angry right now ?
no , that 's not good customer service .
garbage every single time !
because there 's no proof they messed up .
i wasn't sure why they were ignoring me .
( normally that is all i get ) .
and i drove my car out .
customer service is not at all what it was !
i'm not done yet .
i hate this place !
maybe even a little cheap .
this place is really down .
it all falls on ownership .
so very very wrong .
it better prove useful .
smell something fishy yet ?
if i could put no stars i would .
ok are these brake pads made of gold ?
big o , big no !
there is nothing i consider redeeming by this place .
the flavor was good but just too much .
by far the worst way to start off .
of course she did not write it down .
i guess that 's a pet peeve of mine .
stay away from this poorly run company !
rude , unprofessional salesperson !
despite his initial rudeness , i invited him in .
i talked to the manager joey .
if i could give them no stars i would .
i would not recommend them at all .
i drove off and the ac did not work !
if i could give negative stars i would !
instead it was take to there yard .
are you kidding me ?
would not ever use these jerks .
the water was cold .
all in all i'm never going back there .
i couldn't wait to get out of there .
i will never return to this place .
that 's all folks !
not a single nail looks professional .
but my moms are completely ruined .
cashiers dont know how to count .
the chimichanga was pathetic , too .
had a burrito , but it wasn't very good .
the first half of it tasted like all beans .
i won't go back .
they said sure no problem and that was it .
in line for gas !
a week later it's broke down again .
money runs this shop not honesty !
this one is barely acceptable .
i'm not coming back .
avoid this place and just go to subway .
you'll get a better sandwich without the attitude .
this place is awful .
i told her to forget it and walked out .
obviously this place doesn't need business !
no , really , i want them shorter .
they said no wait and sat us down immediately .
i ultimately did not get the pedicure .
it was a little uncomfortable .
the one nail looks so horrible !
don't waste your time or money !
terrible pedicure and terrible gel nails .
just want to say this place is filthy !
smells like sewage and cigarette smoke !
i got the worst gel manicure here last week .
she didn't even wrap them first .
i don't even know how that is possible .
it was so bad .
also , they were rushing like crazy .
additionally , they have no options for designs .
i tipped much less than i normally would 've .
it was literally that bad !
stay away from this awful place !
will not be going back .
trust me is not worth the money you pay !
my manicure was awful !
very poor customer service and unprofessional !
i will not go back !
do not spend your money here !
if i could give zero stars i would .
their customer service is awful .
reservations mean nothing and sunny is horrible .
it hurt and burned , but i said nothing .
i don't like this place anymore .
i'm now going elsewhere .
also the smell of chemicals was overpowering .
petsmart is the worst place to take your dog .
do you really trust your dogs with these employees ?
the dog grooming is even worse .
they are extremely overpriced and it's not personal whatsoever .
don't use the grooming service .
terrible experience for my dog .
my dog has been using petsmart for everything .
the little dog was screaming in pain and terrified !
shame on you petsmart !
the grooming services here are not good .
i was there in september and never again !
do not take your pets to banfield !
i finally snapped this photo because i was bored .
i don't expect much from any fast food restaurant .
truth be told , no honest person does .
don't promise the public hours and don't deliver .
there is none . "
i hate to be a dick .
it was a black hole in the parking lot .
she was very snotty when telling me this .
so when i get my food everything is wrong .
they gave me the crunch wrap .
just waiting for my contract to end .
if i could give negative stars , i would .
i walked out of the store .
once again , he didn't look at it .
i blew it off .
there is a really rude sales lady here .
all the other employees were very helpful .
will not go back to this location .
they however try to sell broken toys .
i will not be coming back !
some bakery items are stale depending on turnover .
husband and wife owners could be friendlier .
very disappointed by quality of products !
the cold meat cuts looks old !
is owners even try what they sell ?
worst cake i ever had .
unfortunately , i had a bad experience .
i would not recommend this office to anyone .
this place is a mess .
the front office personnel is incompetent .
the front staff was so rude on the phone .
dr. nelson has no bedside manner what so ever .
again the front staff was rude and dismissive .
would you be thrilled ?
she stood there looking so confused .
even worst , it didn't arrive until 9pm .
i could not sit or walk without extreme pain .
i could not nurse or care for my baby .
please consider my story in your decision .
she has a beyond negative bedside manner .
i could not believe my ears .
she was short and rude .
so she refused to put me on anything .
to my surprise , i was denied this again .
my lease can not be over soon enough !
goodbye rancho sierra , you won't be missed .
horrible move out fees ( scam ) .
old and run down apartments .
never patronizing this store again .
very frustrating to say the least .
i can not stand office staff .
they seen arrogant and occasionally rude .
there is always really long wait time .
i wish i could give less than one star .
i would not recommend this office .
i am tired of dealing with this billing department !
i don't think so , not even close .
take your business and hard earned cash somewhere else .
they were rude and condescending .
after that visit i never went back .
too fancy for a doctor 's office .
so , i went ahead made an appointment .
you don't even have to call me .
apparently , billing is slow , too .
this location in particular , was a huge disappointment .
thanks but no thanks .
this is not whole foods !
whole foods could care less .
it shouldn't even be called by the same name .
the service here has really gone downhill .
( curly , blonde hair ) .
this whole foods is soooooo disappointing !
please note i am also a stock holder !
they just don't have the shelf space .
they just don't have the customer turnover .
i was just standing there waiting to be acknowledged .
super bowl sunday was ruined .
the cashiers are extremely unfriendly .
everything looked old , dirty , and used .
the play area is small and dirty feeling .
the cashier was rude also .
it's dirty , crazy and nothing very interesting .
good concept but doesn't deliver .
value of the spa pedicure is awful .
sucks as a phone .
the customer service at this place is awful .
rude , terrible customer service .
probably could have upgraded my phone .
i wish i could give zero stars .
she was just lazy .
literally the worst customer service ever .
verizon , overall , is a complete joke .
they are not at all concerned about their customers .
at this point i just about lost it .
avoid this place if at all possible .
it's a complete piece of junk .
at least it worked on wifi before .
they have not made us happy .
i won't be coming back .
overpriced and slow service .
waste of my time .
the last two years have been bad for them .
the fish die not his .
it was a total biker bar to me .
i don't believe they had any food .
so freaking crowded you can't see the band .
its so loud you cant hear the band .
fire marshall bill would close the place .
so over capacity you can't move .
will not be going back !
bartenders are also not cool .
i walked in on friday night to order takeout .
it was over cooked , dry and barely edible .
the chicken was dry , with very little sauce .
basically didn't eat it .
i said , " i just need an appointment !
i just said thanks anyway and she hung up .
i am not returning .
my concerns were never addressed .
i don't know that anything can be done .
very sad i didn't research more .
inspector did not test or visually inspect a/c unit .
very disappointed and would not recommend .
was not very happy .
please accept it as a zero !
i will never return to this store .
door wouldn't spring open when open button pushed .
i'll never consider going back .
very dishonest and not ethical .
actually , that might be better than eating it .
i walked in and the store looked half empty .
the selection was dreadful .
avoid it if you can .
tonight 's pizza was just a mess .
half went to the trash .
was it always this bad ?
tonight was an absolutely horrible experience .
too because they were missing .
i couldn't eat it .
this bashas is really annoying .
feel something dripping down your leg ?
i noticed a plastic container with cheese samples .
it doesn't get any worse .
i would not recommend this dry cleaner .
extremely poor customer service .
the service is even worse than usual .
to-go orders regularly screwed up .
better food , better prices .
food service is rather slow .
the wings come out very dry .
a freaking nickel short .
never had a problem until tonight .
indifferent food , atrocious service .
husband and i stopped today for lunch .
don't think that i will go back .
i really hate writing this review .
i handed the server the card when i ordered .
thought this would be perfect .
they raised beer prices by a quarter big deal .
i actually use to really like this place .
like tonight , for example .
needless to say , the evening continued .
there goes my appetite !
serves with mediocre at best .
not impressed with the service or the pizza .
and when i say loud , i mean loud .
but that 's not what bothered me .
boy was i wrong .
sorry , uncle sam 's .
how much worse can you get ?
i won't go back .
their cheese steak sandwich was terrible .
barely any cheese and almost no sauce .
the menu doesn't describe the items well .
raw chicken is never good .
the service is now awful .
rude waitresses that make you wait forever .
not to mention the food has severely gone downhill .
today 's lunch service was worst ever .
the manager was apologetic but we left without eating .
we will not be back .
gave it another shot .
it's my fault , i should have checked .
ate half of my husbands sandwich .
one bite told me otherwise .
the sandwich had absolutely no flavor , nothing .
no cheese taste , no onion taste .
poor service and horrible food .
so save your time and money and go elsewhere .
i had two bites and threw it away .
may not be back for awhile .
worst food i've ever had .
overpriced and below average food .
ordered our drinks than our meals .
do not go here .
mashed potatoes & gravy in one container ?
my order started off with a broken ordering speaker .
major customer service fail .
too pricey for the food .
our third time here was not a charm !
more lack of information from the menu .
it is terribly outdated .
we did not take our leftovers .
what a miserable experience !
the waiter said that nobody else complained about it .
so i asked , how is your halibut ?
to which i received a quick , no .
the halibut was almost without salt .
any food without salt is tasteless .
i really hate tasteless fish .
not so my dear , not so .
was very busy sat .
very poor quality wash .
bad news for any regulars here .
they've sold and are operating under arizona car wash .
bobby is also no longer there .
time to find a new car wash .
paperwork was a nightmare .
the manager did not even say i'm sorry .
he only said he can't help me .
but they were the slowest movers i've ever used .
worst customer service ever .
he also refused to help us because of this .
my rating is zero stars .
it always has looked a bit picked over .
employees are rude with a capitol r !
dumb policies , bad management .
why not have a bigger room ?
why not have it a couple times ?
worse experience than the dmv .
battery is dead and needs to be replaced .
then it took a turn for the worse .
every plate was drowning in marinara sauce .
the pizza is okay , but expensive .
not worth it for a very average lunch .
the pizza was gross .
the pizza crust was tasteless , soggy and gross !
so weird , won't be back .
this place was not good .
pretty bland it must have been what i ordered .
first time and last .
umm , no thanks .
the food was very below average .
will definitely not be going back .
walked in here and it was totally dead .
we were excited to try the pizza !
both were rubbery and fake tasting .
it was that bad !
my salad with italian dressing was ok .
chicken tenders were cold and mushy .
have been going to rd for quite sometime .
never offered water or bread and just not impressed .
the level of service is not that great .
staff was not good and very unprofessional looking employees .
so that was frustrating .
so we left feeling completely unsatisfied .
so , that alone made the dresses look weird .
after that move , i was done .
i would not recommend this to anyone .
we then set up appointments for alterations .
this was not great information or service .
i left feeling unimpressed .
i hope i have a better experience then .
the experience wasn't that great .
the original consultant had put everything in wrong .
it took forever to fix .
no , i'm sorry were given .
no here 's a coupon for your trouble .
if i could give no stars i would .
it was a disappointing experience .
i also wasn't impressed by the dresses .
this place is gross .
i will not spend another dime in this store .
i wish i had taken my dress somewhere else .
are you kidding me ?
i didn't even bother .
this store gives zero in customer service !
the sales team at this store is incredibly incompetent .
she should not be working with people .
i left , and my dress was all wrong .
the whole experience was a nightmare !
i wish i had been .
what a waste of time .
do not do business with these people .
really bad customer service .
also quite rude when i called .
wow do i hate old navy .
they have the most awful colored clothing ever .
dumpy , bad service , worst food .
the salads we ok the dressings were ok .
this was not even that good .
we did not feel safe eating it .
the burger i had was bland .
no seasoning at all .
filthy , smelled horrid , gross .
the place still smelled like rotten feet .
will not go back !
ok breakfast for the money .
worst experience we ever had !
would not recommend this restaurant .
save your energy and take your money elsewhere .
don't think you are getting a good deal .
like the owner said , it's crap !
too many other options these days .
talk about bad business !
they assured us that it would be no problem .
updated since they did finally give our money back .
who fucking cares if i am new .
do not go to this place .
why was it so confusing ?
i wish i could give this place zero stars !
no phone call ever received .
so i emailed them , also no response .
never , never again !
the absolute worst in customer service !
but no one else could help me .
truly the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
what a giant mistake .
if i could give a negative star i would .
useless company and a waste of my time .
i just grab it and pay for it .
the restroom was absolutely unacceptable .
avoid this store if possible !
hands down the worst wal-mart i ever been in .
embarrassment - every single time .
customers were staring , the employees did nothing .
i'm glad to see it's being renovated .
same goes for this walmart .
the employees are not interested in helping customers .
overall , it could be a lot better .
workers yelling down aisles .
zero sense of urgency to complete a sale .
that didn't do me any good .
i hate coming to walmart for this reason !
i would put negative star if available .
avoid at all costs .
zero if i could .
just another reason to hate walmart .
probably will get a raise with this bad review !
just left this walmart and i am so disgusted .
literally zero customer service .
didn't seem fresh at all and just soggy .
not very knowledgeable staff !
even the sesame chicken .
this nail place is terrible .
had oil changed here yesterday .
i will not go here again !
the mechanic shrugged it off .
oh , and there is no air conditioning .
i will not be back .
not friendly , actually rude .
i won't come back .
truly a disappointing experience .
the worst dentist i have ever been too .
going to this dentist was a horrible experience .
the entire experience was a nightmare .
i just didn't really find any good points .
everybody will know your name , though .
very very odd place .
he should not be in management position .
what type of torture does he put them through ?
half price books is way over rated .
it still doesn't register .
i'm not making this up .
i unfortunately did not enjoy my experience here .
that 's not cool .
but like i said , no thanks .
all three were bad experiences .
but i was very annoyed at the whole situation .
he was very rough with my feet .
i noticed him staring at me .
it was just a very uncomfortable experience .
they don't listen and over charge !
again pedicure was horrible and expensive .
the young guy is always so rude .
i asked him to file down my nails .
they are so crooked it's not even funny !
it's the worse pedicure i have ever had !
this is disgusting and i won't be back .
and i wasn't happy with the manicure or pedicure .
and i am not even trained in these stuff .
the products being used seem not of good quality .
didn't feel like any professional was doing it .
i used to come here all the time .
the manager lady was pretty rude today .
plus you get complimentary training sessions .
no " let me ask a manager " .
big surprise , no phone call !
doesn't even say a word to me .
rude and unhelpful employees .
this place was the worst !
i stayed to wait it out .
i don't care " hello !
i hate this store and the one on bell !
i would not suggest other mothers .
in january , they still had not repaired it .
not professional , not friendly , not helpful .
i will not be returning to this location .
thank you again for the worst service my friend .
i would never deal with your company again .
never rent from these people .
this place is mediocre at best .
i just want less pizza for the same price .
the mushrooms were canned and there was no flavor .
the crust was under cooked and forgettable .
needless to say we'll try the place again .
got home , pizza was stone cold .
their counting skills are horrible .
so really , there 's no excuse .
even the boyfriend said he'd never go back .
the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten .
i mean how do you mess up pizza though .
ate half of it and threw the rest away .
their water is cold .
stick with sams club .
they want me to buy a new tire .
i am never going here again .
their warranty doesn't cover anything and don't buy it .
in addition stick to places like sam 's club .
sadly , each time has been a struggle .
the worst staff ever .
i had the most horrible shopping experience here today .
completely ignored at pv and there selection was poor .
it wasn't horrible but i won't be back .
place is so small and has no selection .
they didn't even have bread for sale !
sprint will not let us out of our contract .
he is an idiot and should be fired .
not to mention messing up payments and bills .
tonight , however , i'm livid .
no , i'd rather not waste my money .
sprint and their employees are useless .
horrible coverage , horrible customer service !
sprint salesman are worse then used car sales man .
no way it was going to work for me .
customer service - terrible !
i hate this company .
horrible in store experienced .
that guy was rude , condescending , and short .
will not return to this location .
they screwed up bad .
well , that does not work .
makes no sense at all .
all in all , very bad experience .
after that it went downhill .
she is less than professional .
they never have offered for anyone to come inspect .
i ate half of it and left the rest .
dessert is where everything goes downhill .
but the turkish coffee was a disaster .
unfortunately , i am usually disappointed .
the entire gyro was drowning in tzatziki .
the worst lunch i can remember having .
tonight was the last straw .
they did refund my money .
i used to eat here twice a week .
a family runs this place .
i had the falafel pita sandwich and greek fries .
the fries were nothing special .
i love gyros , but theirs is nothing special .
i like my big fat greek restaurant 's more .
terrible food and over priced .
staff is unprofessional and rushed with the customers .
lamb shawarma sold out .
the humus was awful .
she was losing weight and needed to eat .
they don't even deserve one star .
scream and yell in your show room ?
the employees don't care about their job .
spare yourself , find another venue for a party !
simply put , this place is the worst .
this place has forever lost my business .
this business is located near my home .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
in other words , your customer service stinks buddy .
did not have a good experience here .
i politely said - no thanks .
also , watch out for the coupon specials .
not going back here again .
he pressured me into purchasing an exterior detail .
i was very disappointed .
they also have zero understanding of customer service .
won't waste my money here ever again .
not to mention , the store is dirty .
he then said " oh well , too bad .
do not use this " shoe repair " .
i suggest everyone not bother him .
can not comment on the quality of the work .
do not go to this shoe repair !
the salad presentation was poor .
the salad was drenched dressing .
the burrito again was good but nothing special .
i would probably not bother coming here again .
a little on the expensive side but alright portions .
probably won't be going back .
i never had this bad of service here .
i'm so disappointed in this establishment .
let me just comment on walking in .
these were not even luke warm .
this is a big miss .
all in all , i will not be back .
i was not impressed with this place .
i wouldn't go to this one ever again !
this place is horrible !
meaning i was lied to the day before .
and again , no call .
but i won't be going back .
sadly the glasses have never fit quite right .
the customer service for adjustments is terrible .
instead of looking like a sticks up their butt .
i could not stop laughing .
i'd give a negative star if i could !
i didn't get home before the band fell apart .
he gives me my money .
most pathetic management team i've ever seen .
the management at this complex is horrific .
the units are not upgraded at all either .
at one point , we had a roach problem .
i was not even told that this even existed .
maybe hoping i didn't find out .
terrible experience and terrible pedicures .
wish we had n't .
- should have been our first clue .
but didn't feel good about it .
i will not be returning .
employee nick looks at me .
i wait for him to say thank you .
not happening , he never says another word .
never again will i use this store .
i just got frustrated and left the store .
besides this they were very condescending .
incompetent or just horrible geek squad service !
i will never buy firm thus store again .
i'm taking my $ $ $ elsewhere .
the customer service is horrible !
i was wrong and it totally wasted my time .
and they wonder why their stores keep closing !
this location in particular is bad .
worst customer service experience i've ever had !
there was no " customer service " at all .
frankly it was just confusing to me .
i just want the old outback steak thank you .
outback is not cheap by any means .
the food is below par .
our waiter smelled horrible !
he tried the scampi , buffalo and fried .
the service is super slow !
i'm sorry we won't be coming back here .
my steak was like rubber .
unfortunately that does not make for terrible food .
are you kidding me ?
we both ordered hamburgers with no mustard .
so she went back and got another bun .
this was high priced cafeteria food .
we where very disappointed and won't be back .
was not to happy with the food .
service a little slow .
the first one was terrible .
i forgot all about the bad .
crab cakes reminded me of potato pancakes .
there will not be a next visit .
the sandwich was a huge disappointment .
how is coconut shrimp not a safe bet ?
everyone looked sad and disappointed .
gave one star because i can't give negative stars .
i walked in this morning .
neither looks up to even say hello to me .
i'm here every day monday through friday .
dropping fedex packages off for my company .
everything is way too salty and overpriced .
overall a very disappointing experience .
their version is very pink and greasy as well .
only positive is the beer .
sorely disappointed with this chain that lost its way .
in and out would have been a better choice .
no , we just stopped serving breakfast .
i made that mistake last thanksgiving !
i couldn't believe it and i was so embarrassed .
the pumpkin pie was crappy too !
the girl was not focus on customer service .
they fail today in both areas .
for a tea party for my husband 's niece .
not helpful since the party was that day .
these were more like big flat muffin tops .
big fat cranberry muffin tops .
stop by this am for coffee and sandwich .
service could of been better and prices lower .
disappointed after reading pretty decent reviews on this place .
we got a club and a southwest chicken sandwich .
sadly , they don't seem to care either .
they always run out of main ingredients .
we couldn't wait to go back .
not super busy when we got there .
food is great , but customer service is horrible .
customer service could be so much better .
they have wasted my time for the last time .
the staff is rude and inattentive .
just make sure you don't pay full price .
i realized maybe not all of this is needed .
i could have wasted thousands of dollars !
, and all the extra food was gone .
but that was not the worst of the horror .
how confused is my sick kitty now ?
just only that no one cared .
terrible offering and service .
sorry i spent any money there .
my boyfriend and i both had terrible experiences here .
( not exaggerating ) .
the sign was all wrong .
girl behind the counter has no personality at all .
will never come back or recommend .
don't go , waste of money !
i wish i could give no stars .
i arrived and gave the manager shane my keys .
such a scam and a huge waste of time .
avoid like the plague !
i went to midas on bell rd .
however , i feel like this place deserves one .
the most disorganized clinic i've been too .
this place is horrible !
this place doesn't even deserve a start .
this place is not professional at all .
she barely even knew how to type .
are you kidding me ?
worst place to receive medical care .
unprofessional individuals that lack of knowledge .
i did not visit this location .
a star is not even necessary .
they make you wait for hours too .
can't ever seem to get a cut here .
have had the worse experience ever with this store !
i repeat don't buy from them !
this place is a nightmare and a joke .
horrible horrible experience from customer service to quality .
are you kidding me ?
they are overpriced and lack basic customer service skills .
they did not tell me this when i called .
this store is dishonest .
the security guard was highly disrespectful .
what a terrible experience .
i couldn't believe it .
sorry ihop you've disappointed me one too many times .
no apology , no nothing !
then left me standing there .
avoid it at all costs .
i don't know why i bothered to come here .
very dissatisfied and shame on me for coming here !
we didn't have enough silver wear .
do not waste your time or money !
unclean bathrooms , slow service .
i wouldn't recommend coming to this location .
no silverware for anything ordered coffee .
great not even halfway through with the cold food .
this location is horrible .
way to waste a bunch of money .
glad caffeine only hurts me and doesn't kill me .
servers can't communicate with each other .
i won't return to this location again !
loved this place up until now .
is business really that bad guys ?
this location is old and tired .
didn't greet or say goodbye .
we had to change rooms on the first night .
the second room was so dusty .
i had a miserable night .
i don't have this problem under typical conditions .
lol i guess the wifi is for their staff .
doesn't honor requested rooms .
nice views but do not be fooled .
* fan in bathroom did not work .
customer service is nonexistent .
no assistance with luggage at all .
they were sitting in plain sight behind the counter .
whoever is managing the training needs to be replaced .
won't be coming back .
last time we ate there er all got sick .
we got bad stomach pain .
i think half their food is rotten .
" ok , we'll substitute corn . "
can i substitute " original recipe ? "
turned around and walked away .
out of original recipe ?
this kfc never fails to disappoint .
the chicken wasn't bad either .
but this location is horrific !
the service here is terrible .
this isn't the first time !
worst customer service ever .
i won't be returning to this location ever again .
just a rude attitude for no reason .
stopped for breakfast burrito and a cup of coffee .
threw it in the trash and went elsewhere .
the guy working was not helpful and rude .
now i remember why i stopped coming here .
it takes forever to get your food .
the food came out after a long wait .
i took one bite and that one was bland .
i wouldn't mind if the food was worth it .
average tasting food items as the day is long .
this was the worst veterinary experience we've ever had .
fire and gas stations don't mix !
and " no thank you " isn't good enough .
wow what a sloppy car wash .
i will not be back to this place .
not worth the price .
save your self the hassle , don't use cobblestone .
the car is clean but very spotty .
he wasn't even there to get a car washed .
you just lost my business .
thanks for the crappy wash guys .
horrible , horrible , horrible service .
i had a horrible experience here .
i wasn't asking for a complete detail .
which is a complete run around .
told me they don't put tape on cars .
the manager was not making this right .
where has customer service gone .
high pressure sales , more than most care washes .
unless you like high pressure sales !
terrible service and will not return .
he said he couldn't get it off .
the place is awful !
not some gigantic suv .
i went today to get a basic car wash .
so far no call .
don't waste your money .
terrible , i mean terrible car wash .
car still had bugs on the front .
he insisted that they had in fact used it .
still not open and it's march .
the paradise valley location has extremely disappointing service !
it was very disappointing !
the manager nicole didn't try to suggest any resolution .
more upset for me and more time wasted .
this place is nothing special .
careless , careless barber .
tech told me the battery was bad .
i talked to a salesperson named josh .
this salesperson refused to help me .
was told to " bring it in " .
avoid at all costs .
they have no respect for the patient 's time .
they deserve one star !
the staff is plain rude here .
one of the ladies can't even say hi .
this place doesn't deserve stars .
the employees in this place ignore the customers .
kids today are not too bright .
awful customer service and crappy ice cream .
this place is really run down .
it really needs to be cleaned up .
terrible decision to come here tonight .
avoid at all costs .
horrible customer service too .
terrible experience , look elsewhere .
wish i could give it less stars !
workers were very friendly but food was absolutely terrible .
this place has the worst service ever .
this place is terrible .
slow slow slow drive thru .
they also ran out of chocolate ice cream .
just said forget it and left .
but i will not return .
nothing special about it .
i don't drink i am just the dedicated driver .
so that 's a bad business move .
that to is a bad business move .
none are to pleased and now are leaving .
i don't drink i am just the dedicated driver .
so that 's a bad business move .
that to is a bad business move .
none are to pleased and now are leaving .
i've never witnessed anything so unprofessional in my life .
we miss mercedes and wish she was back .
still not over it apparently .
the waitress was unfriendly and kept blowing us off .
it was such a shame .
it was supposed to only take a few days .
ours however is nowhere to be found .
i may change my review depending on what happens .
i handed him the coupon and money .
the last time i did this was years ago .
this place was horrible !
sad thing is none of us are over weight .
eventually , beverage orders were taken .
not all of their air conditioning .
tonight was that night .
she totally failed to fix the situation .
the waitress service is very poor .
the service is lousy .
terrible service but edible food .
worse dennys experience ever .
but will not go back .
service is terrible at this location .
won't come back to this location .
had a horrid odor and i just walked out .
take out is a hit or miss most times .
tables were dirty as fuck .
the people didn't look clean .
why the hell is this even still in business ?
the omelette also was not cooked right .
they were busy and didn't have enough staff .
it was average at best .
not so healthy if you ask me .
this made me dread coming into smoothie king .
i won't be back .
did not even say hi or welcome .
if i could post no stars , i would .
it is just too understaffed .
i think they charge too much for powder acrylics .
not so much as a goodbye or thank you .
the customer service was awful .
even the caesar salad was disappointing .
the meal went downhill after that .
were told no as they all had reservations .
nasty nasty nasty - especially to a blind person .
this place was very disappointing .
very limited menu and food was ok.
small sad portions for the price .
felt a bit ripped off .
the cuisine is just pretty bad .
he was not pleased .
dh ate about three bites of his chicken parm .
both were lame and were returned .
mediocre dish with mediocre taste .
serious diners , skip this place .
walked in and waited a couple mins .
we didn't eat here and will never be back .
service was slow , very slow .
everything was just bland an so-so .
the beans are bland and the rice is salty .
the salsa isn't right , either .
the service is sub-par .
i'm not going back .
how bad can you mess up mexican food ?
the lighting was tres obnoxious .
they have forgotten to do this .
bad attitude and average food , skip it .
nothing worth taking with me , either .
i came here last night with two others .
our server was friendly , but not personable .
i wish their spicy salsa was spicier though .
understaffed is never a good thing for a restaurant .
bland flavors and no salsas on the salsa bar .
won't come here again for food .
there are better mexican places .
this is not mexican .
my food was cold and bad tasting .
did not sit well in my stomach .
greasy , tasteless food .
too expensive for the quality .
greasy food , aweful guacamole .
the lady there was very curt and obnoxious .
i would not recommend them at all .
stay far away from this moving company .
the woman who answers the phone is rude .
service was slower than slow .
it just wasn't a good experience .
the place feels cramped and dirty .
so i left it and walked out .
i wouldn't even call what they serve bagels .
taste like nasty rye bread bagels .
it just seems to have gotten sloppy and disappointing .
staff ( besides assistant manager ) is completely incompetent .
this place has really gone down .
customer service was non existent .
i won't be back .
worst place i have been too .
absolutely horrible customer service .
this place is horrible !
so what exactly is too close ?
lowest of the low .
they don't do a good job cleaning .
don't bother going there .
they ruined one of my favorite dresses .
most dry cleaners search for stains .
skip this place and go somewhere with better service !
not so with new owner .
overall this was a poor experience .
buffet was crap and the biggest rip off ever !
couldn't get water , silverware or extra napkins .
i don't let trash build up .
needless to say , that won't be happening .
or that the hose was bad ?
they just don't make men like they used too !
these guys are low down little boys !
however , this one disappointed .
the food came out in a short time .
the staff isn't very pleasant or efficient at all .
however , the amount of guacamole was highly disappointing .
i could barely taste that there was even chicken .
there were no other customers in the restaurant .
are you kidding me ?
it just seems that their techs need more training .
nope , it's no longer my favorite nail salon .
what a disappointing experience !
don't waste your money here !
i would give them zero stars if possible .
such a terrible experience here !
will not be coming back here ever .
you can't go back bob .
very very disappointed with this salon .
the flavors were bland .
the presentation was awful .
how bad was it ?
do not waste your dining dollars here .
i wish they could give negative stars .
i also know when to spot a crappy one .
no apology , no nothing ?
it was really gross .
don't bother asking for help .
however , i was appalled at the process .
can't you look me up ?
it wasn't as bad , but certainly substandard .
it's not comfortable or enjoyable .
be prepared to wait for a week or more .
poor excuses given every single time .
she said " no we don't do that .
they wasted my time .
couldn't even get past the extremely rude scheduling lady .
good thing i'm , not dying . "
boy was i wrong .
now the second one was also not done properly .
dirty , gross , not fun at all .
that isn't the case here .
unfortunately , this holds especially true for his wife .
sad , i won't go back .
got a gyro here .
do not go here .
crap , if only we'd had a napkin !
the food is terrible .
the gravy has been changed and is terrible .
i couldn't each much of any of this .
terrible customer service , terrible prices .
so disappointed and completely embarrassed by what arrived .
man , i hated this school .
never , ever go there .
do not trust this store .
don't waste your time or money .
the worst place i have ever gone .
matthew was no where in site !
i will not return to this location .
one word slow appointments are worthless .
they said they would give me a premium tire .
walked out and never went back .
very unprofessional , i will not go here again .
this place is hit or miss .
what a joke pep boys .
very bad and greedy people !
no acknowledgement of my wasted time and gas .
my car is not worth that price .
this is a horrible place to buy tires .
so , we play some shuffle board .
i loved coming here on saturdays for sex trivia .
all tables around us were just as unsatisfied .
not exaggerating at all .
i find that weird .
it was a very poor example of customer service .
ate the great potato skins and wings .
this was my second visit in a year .
i feel sick to my stomach .
ok no big , deal , right ?
also only a handful of people danced .
now for the things that stood out as bad .
worst mexican " food " ever .
apparently the chicken quesadilla wasn't bad .
i will not be coming back here again .
i wish i could reach out to the owner !
we stopped going because the quality went down .
food is not the best .
salsa is watered down .
friday night was rough .
after taking one bite it all became clear .
grilled chicken or not the numbers were pretty bad .
place was clean and they were busy .
wish i could leave negative stars !
ghetto , and rude customer service !
this was just a mushy soaked thing .
don't really know how to call it .
also , what kind of soda choices are these ?
not very clean , i would say !
instead , this is my typical experience .
i don't see anyone looking at comics .
just left a note on the door .
i ordered my usual chile relleno burrito .
this place is terrible .
i couldn't finish my chili relleno plate .
i won't be back .
had been craving a carne asada burrito .
food poisoning is awful .
made us sick the past two times we went .
are you freakin ' kidding me ?
i would not use this company again .
but make sure you get your estimate in writing .
this is a dishonest company .
i always knew this is not the best hospital .
hours in your er for nothing .
no thanks to you .
this had to be the worse .
there was dried blood and hairs everywhere .
none of the doctors would listen to me .
it is a very very poor hospital .
it seems they just want to milk your insurance .
they do not care about you .
i had no pain , and diarrhea .
they are very sorry .
this hospitals er staff is completely unprofessional and inept !
about an hour goes by and nothing .
i am not paying a dime to pv hospital .
horrible establishment poor excuse for a hospital .
terrible experience , wont even get into the details .
the worst hospital on the planet !
absolutely no care at all !
shame in me for giving this dump another chance !
this place needs to be shut down asap !
sleep with you wallet !
but they didn't honor the yelp discount .
very disappointed in the customer service i had .
will not be going back to this store .
wasn't a good experience by any means .
i would stay away from this office .
i took my dog in to get groomed .
that why i had to wait so long .
so i bought the collar and left .
grooming salon has gone downhill !
i will not be going back .
i'll never frequent panda express again .
i have never felt so disrespected .
bad service , ok food .
this place has gone downhill my friends .
i guess there was my mistake .
worst place for mariscos .
i wish i had n't grown up .
they also do not pay their vendors .
the cashiers are rather rude .
very rude , inconsiderate , and unhelpful .
the prices are not good .
it is a pain to return anything here .
also , their customer service is hit or miss .
customer service is rude .
i'll never go into ace hardware again .
nowhere on their receipt does it say that .
but wait she says the lights must be tested .
he refuses and asks for my name .
i ask again for his name and refuses again .
very poor and non friendly service prices are outrageous .
i hate going into this store .
worst service i've ever had .
not the home of the helpful hardware man .
this ace 's customer service has gotten really bad .
the worst costumer service i have experienced with ace .
the service is slow and they are always understaffed .
will not be back .
the employees i dealt with today were rude .
will not repeat business here .
the worst part , though , was the service .
yikes -- won't be back .
ok , simple mistake , i thought .
i walked and will never return .
don't know why this place is rated so high .
bartender not too friendly and it's a dump !
it was really busy on a sunday .
so it lost a cleanliness point for me .
forget the coupon , i'll go elsewhere next time .
i totally understand that mistakes happen .
felt rushed in and out .
will not be going back .
this place is not very clean at all .
just a bad feel all together .
they have lost our business .
specials are misleading ( e.g .
the sales staff are incredibly rude .
this ulta is awful !
lol i'm not sure what i did .
it was pretty empty and very clean .
i was treated very poorly at this location .
thank god they have a return policy .
they never have my make up in stock .
she won't get a third chance !
she then immediately walked away .
no man carries an ulta card .
honestly , it was pretty rude .
i'm still angry over how bad this place was .
i'm guessing this is the turkey salad .
add battered shrimp or fish depending on the place .
avoid the disappointment and save yourself some money .
the unagi roll was horrible .
this can't be right .
the miso soup was served barely like warm .
the tea was served barely luke warm .
so i went here for lunch with my boyfriend .
worst sushi place , ever !
we walked out and never ate .
not impressed and probably won't be back .
what the hell is a sunshine roll anyway ?
but for a crap version of strip mall sushi ?
the miso soup was tasty but room temperature .
the service was poor .
worst sushi i've ever had .
this is a place clearly in decline .
this place was so disappointing .
i couldn't even finish my dish .
literally writing this review as i'm dining .
first experience was just as bad .
can't do it again .
save yourself the headache and your money .
def not the best i've ever had .
wait staff is terrible .
our server was nowhere in sight .
none of the other employees could even find him .
then out bill came , and it was wrong .
can you give a negative star ?
after tonight , i will never eat there again .
no flavor of lemon present .
our waters were never refilled .
this place is horrible .
they have no concept of running a restaurant .
def not going back .
that was just disappointing and strange .
sweet server , lame host , terrible sushi .
overall a frustrating experience .
didn't mind paying a little more here .
service was less than professional .
our order was wrong twice .
server just didn't care .
the office hours here are terrible .
they still wouldn't allow me back there with her .
there is also a language barrier and poor communication .
dont waste your time with this place .
like a living well developed large baby .
do not go to this place !
i was there for help and received garbage instead .
truly , just the worst .
this place is truly awful .
service was terrible - slow and rude .
i would not go there again .
unfortunately i was very disappointed .
food was aweful and very bland .
i walked in and waited .
we were seated quickly but had terrible service !
won't be coming back here again !
people are stealing and it's wrong .
don't make a mistake like i did .
very poor customer service .
hostess was rude and ignored us when we arrived .
when seated finally she had a bad attitude .
worst eating experience i have ever had .
they were rude to the core .
don't waist your time .
the case was nasty .
we just got up and walked out .
this place hit the home run of bad restaurants .
over-priced , bad service and horrible food !
i won't even go into how bad it was .
nothing stood out about the place .
no need to return .
i would not recommend chinese food from here !
the sauce wasn't that good anyway .
i won't be back .
not peas and carrots !
we did not have a good experience here .
food tastes alright but it's certainly not authentic .
the problem was in the entrees .
this can not be called fried rice .
does this sound a little harsh or angry ?
just not what i expected with the yelp reviews .
tired of wasting good money on bad food .
plus the sales staff are all pushy and overbearing .
she was rude , rude , rude .
the worst guest service ever .
i won't be back .
another disgusting tasting chinese joint in phoenix .
will not be back .
it really didn't taste good either .
they will never get my business again .
i repeat , do not order from this place .
never go to this restaurant .
the only pro was that it was open late .
it doesn't even taste good when you're drunk .
it was mediocre to okay .
nothing to write home about but not terrible .
chicken fried rice had almost no chicken in it .
hunan beef medium spicy was bland .
this was just over the top awful .
i would not have ordered if i'd read them .
it didn't smell all that good either .
once he came in , everything was very rushed .
they could not care less if you waited forever .
it feels like a bad dental office .
my original reason for coming has n't been resolved .
it's not like everyone is working like crazy .
not recommended if you're not white .
d & b bowling lanes are better .
options and none other .
all in all it was a horrible experience .
it sucks to arrive somewhere to find that out .
they never used to before .
it's just gone downhill !
in phoenix or scottsdale & thomas in scottsdale .
the machine is hard to figure out too .
rude cause i wasn't .
well guess what , i'll never come back .
you does not care about taking care of people .
as a travel agent i would not use them .
worst company to use .
premises not very clean .
will not go there again .
it is completely ruined .
i am so very disappointed and upset .
this place is just too expensive in my opinion .
purchased a food item here and got sick .
had the worst experience with safeway this week .
they said it was our brain .
i guess that 's not common practice here !
sorry , i ain't going back .
shaking got worse over next few days .
a bolt was loose that wasn't before .
you decide which is worse .
terrible they took advantage of my elderly mom .
rice was hard not fully cooked .
chicken portion was small .
our problem has been with the billing .
they never billed my insurance .
yeah , i won't be back .
rude washed out bartender .
there are much better pizza joints around .
this time it was very soggy !
probably won't go back .
server was just plain bad .
overall just an awful dish .
i can't get over how horrible this dish is .
i wish their was a no star .
complete disappointment and rip off !
we should have stuck to our typical routine .
first installer was not very friendly .
filled out twice no response .
no sir , i don't like it .
no , you're starving .
there 's another reason i don't like this place .
typical cheap , dirty , greasy americanized chinese food .
the food was awful .
even the sodas were watered down .
the soups were awful , bland and boring .
french fries had the breading too .
i would not want to eat here for free .
can't believe it stayed in business for so long .
same goes for the fried rice and chow mein .
the chicken were too sour .
horrible , never again !
i quickly found out why .
way too much attitude .
this guy is a total jerk .
the new york attitude is awful .
he's a horrible horrible horrible person !
what is wrong about asking for another option .
according to them , parts were additional .
the decor is somewhat depressing .
i'll take my money elsewhere .
but nothing really stuck out as amazing .
i was sorely disappointed .
the sesame chicken tasted like soggy chicken nuggets .
they will not substitute anything for you .
i'm thinking damn , it was only a request .
i was pretty disappointed and won't be going back .
atmosphere gets a zero .
they will not substitute anything for you .
i'm thinking damn , it was only a request .
wonton soup -- sorry broth ; wonton ok .
had large chunks of egg in it .
more like a mexican burrito than chinese .
decor & ambiance very cheap feeling also .
chicken wasn't too bad .
not impressed enough to go back .
overpriced save yourself the disappointment & money .
i didn't enjoy there food at all here .
the staff isn't friendly and the food lacks flavor .
dragon palace is neither authentic nor quality chinese food .
that morning at about 5am i got so sick .
they didn't cover them in sugar and cinnamon !
maggie is our favorite bartender around .
stopped bye heard it was good .
i wouldn't waste your time here .
negative star if i could .
the line wasn't long , but it was slow !
they said it was a mess .
i really do but , this location bites balls .
didn't get the coffee , walked away unhappy .
not a huge fan of the area either .
i know i never will .
this place is not good !
only if i could give this place .
i'm not sure if i will visit again .
photos on website are very deceiving .
no show is worth setting foot in this place .
really , nothing special .
the service was horrible .
just not good at all .
he was arrogant and , quite frankly , rude .
the place is also very tacky .
there are towels hung up all over the walls .
what a rip off this place is .
this place is disgusting .
the crust was hard and overcooked .
i'll not be back .
worst pizza i have had in a long time .
ordered the so called deep dish .
all you get is undercooked crust .
so that was disappointing .
sadly not as good as some other pizza chains .
sounds like it's better to dine in .
good food but very rude staff .
im sure there was better service at the bar .
wait it was the worst pizza i've had anywhere .
the food is ok , not great .
and the ranch was runny ; nothing special .
could not even force it down .
letter and phone call got me nowhere .
no one should go to this place !
i kindly denied the x-rays .
this place is literally trying to rip you off .
if i could give them zero starts i would .
his poor assistant did everything herself .
i never once treated him badly .
this place is sooo bad .
overpriced , very , very bland .
half of the order was already cold .
my wife will not shop there again for sure .
it was not good .
oh this place is really really bad !
the pot stickers also tasteless as well as greasy .
ordered sweet and sour chicken and pork fried rice .
neither was good , we threw it out .
stop dropping your chopsticks in my front yard !
i've never really seen anyone eating in here .
literally the worst chinese food i have ever eaten !
worse than day old chinese grocery store buffet .
it was some of the worst chinese food ever .
i wouldn't even call it chinese food .
some of the most bland , gross food ever .
after ordering twice , i never ordered again .
the owner does not care about the employees .
said my issue wasn't an emergency that the dr .
she didn't care at all .
this one is terrible .
because this is usually how long it takes . "
i felt uncomfortable so i left .
very rude staff , stay away from this location .
" , and i walked out .
get off your high horse .
i won't be back .
nothing like an ice cold wash .
learn a little customer service and teach your students .
this is definitely not my favorite place for breakfast .
the bacon was okay , but too overdone .
the hashbrowns just tasted like potatoes .
at least it didn't make me sick .
it was barely hot .
when we left the place , it was packed .
the food really wasn't anything impressive .
our server wasn't so friendly either .
however , things have changed for the worse !
such a huge disappointment !
i feel so cheated !
blueberry pancakes were very bland .
the hollandaise was tasteless and coffee tasted like dirt .
rude owners and bad food .
will not go back .
this place is terrible .
avoid if you can source elsewhere .
hope bob finds another job not in customer service .
worst customer service i've ever had .
worst costumer service ever !
the customer service was terrible .
i am disgusted with this place .
who the hell has that kind of money ?
not sure their vets would like to hear that .
i'm very disappointed in them .
as i said , very safe place .
here is a rundown on the sports teams .
for me , i would do it all again .
then , you would have a high caliber program .
stay away from this rip-off joint .
is this place still open ?
the pizza itself was very bland .
the worst pizza i've ever had in my life .
my first complaint with this office is wait time .
my son just went to 8th grade there .
it's not the schools responsibility to teach these values .
the owners do not care about the children .
gas prices are a little high .
why can't they all be equal ?
not coming here again .
( for the higher price of course ) .
i'm a vegetarian , so that 's not good .
wasn't good at all .
next time , i'll stick with pei wei .
- cheap and plenty .
i wish i were joking .
i ordered the usual , chicken with vegetables .
the bathrooms were disgusting too .
stay away from this dump .
didn't like the food at all .
the chicken does not look like real chicken .
will not go back to eat here again .
curry sauce was not good either .
kind of dirty inside the restaurant , very outdated .
seems like the workers are lazy .
orange chicken was bland at best .
not impressed with this place at all .
i wouldn't waste your money !
the sauce missed the mark .
sized shrimp only slightly overcooked .
as in the cook isn't a cook .
shrimp with lobster sauce was salty beyond words .
it is certainly the lost time i eat here .
no condiments or cheese . )
totally starving this morning .
not a fan of this place .
could not pay me to go back !
without milkshakes this place is no good .
too pricey for a diner .
not even remotely worth the price .
food was expensive and mediocre at best .
it was ridiculously hot in that area .
it was ridiculously hot in that area .
everybody was disappointed and couldn't wait for desert .
no excuses on this one .
no excuses on this one .
this place is awful .
the sandwich was not good and was expensive .
this place is awful .
sadly , this wasn't it .
it was an absolute nightmare !
i couldn't wait to get to miami beach !
the bottom was way too loose !
worst cold stone i've ever been to .
bad customer service and worse management .
do not bring clothes here for tailoring .
that would never have happened with the prior owner .
i'm really upset about the ruined clothes .
will not be going back .
if you want your stuff ruined go here .
don't trust this place !
we never had a bad experience like this before .
i guess that would be our last .
over priced and horrible service !
rude sales people , run of the mill jewelry .
it was sent back .
i am warning you this place is nasty !
i visit a vs store 2-3 times a month .
i hate coming here for a number of reasons .
every time i walk in theres like nobody working .
i was so angry .
i will not go back to this location again !
they could only give ice to customers .
i will not be returning again .
the staff is rude , for starters .
- price may change .
management is rude and unprofessional .
this is a horrible establishment !
which it's not at all .
won't be going back .
i'm pregnant and craving mexican .
i will never be going back , ever again .
the food was downhill from there .
the entire place smelled like fried onions .
my corona was ok too .
tasted like canned mushrooms and bad cheese .
i was not impressed at all .
my peach margarita tasted like sugar water .
will not be returning .
wow , this was tasteless food .
nothing was done after that .
the general manager never even called me .
the service is awful .
they need to staff this store with more associates .
overall restaurant experience was bad .
the taste of my hamburger was very bland .
the fries were soggy and room temperature at best .
dark interior and uninspired menus .
even my beer was warm tonight .
everything else is so-so .
she returned with the cold sandwich and cold fries .
i pointed out that my fries were cold .
i would give negative star i could .
the ahi tuna was horrible .
this is pretty bad !
and it was a rip-off on price !
it is mediocre at best and very overpriced .
i have no taste of russian dressing .
it's so poorly managed it's laughable .
bare dirt would look better .
hot water in the morning remains limited .
airport shuttle runs every half hour .
not what i expect and highly disappointed .
the two hotel restaurants have very limited menus .
but i wouldn't stay there again .
she returned with the cold sandwich and cold fries .
i pointed out that my fries were cold .
did i mention that the doors here are noisy .
no i will not stay here again !
internet service is crap .
don't need reliable wi-fi ?
hotel is not bad beyond that .
you can hear the people talk next door .
not ordering from this location ever again .
they see me walk in so they come inside .
i did not see them wash their hands .
lady who took my order reeked of cigarette smoke .
there was not much meat on the bread .
too many other sub places to choose from .
for one , the parking is awful .
she wasn't impatient , just listed the sandwiches .
very skimpy on the meat and cheese portions .
not worth the money , not going back .
i am not usually one to complain .
this place is garbage .
lemonade was not lemonade , just water .
things get broken and never fixed .
a complete waste of time .
not a good look for the area .
this is the worst apartment we ever lived in !
the hot tub never worked .
there are several things wrong with this complex .
just below average apartments .
i would highly recommend elsewhere .
the tires were reasonably priced but short lived .
worst airline i have ever experienced .
one word -- nightmare !
like i said -- nightmare !
i have never experienced anything like it before !
no chairs to sit in to watch tv .
the noise from the airport wasnt to bad .
but the train noise is just unbearable .
that was a horrible experience !
there 's barely any cable channels on air !
my daughter , i and two cats came here .
absolutely the most incompetent staff works at this location .
i'm never staying at that dump again .
it is very noisy .
there is no shampoo no hair dryer .
loud long and irritating .
uncomfortable beds felt like laying on rubber sheets .
the machaca always struck me as bland .
and the hours are frustrating .
lacking any real taste to it whatsoever .
they will knock your socks off !
this isn't really mexican food .
seriously , it's appalling .
so would i eat there again ?
no chips and salsa to start with just styrofoam !
awful , awful , awful !
i ordered the beef enchilada platter .
the food isn't especially memorable .
but i just don't get the hype !
yep , sketchy and a little ghetto i thought .
my sister 's enchiladas weren't too bad .
unfortunately i was disappointed .
but it is not worth any kind of drive .
the chicken soft tacos were ok .
the cheese enchilada was awful .
i wouldnt go out of my way for these .
if there is good food , it doesn't matter .
so , that was a little deceiving .
so once again , i ordered the wrong thing .
the original was tasteless ( for obvious reasons ) .
the machaca breakfast burrito was pure mush .
very very very bad !
she couldn't find my order .
nothing to write home about .
the food here was cheap and awful .
the restaurant itself is poorly kept and uncomfortable .
i would not recommend this food to anyone .
the meal just wasn't very good .
you really can't beat the prices here .
had the worst experience on friday .
good food - horrible service .
i was really disappointed .
the taco was soggy from the tasteless enchilada sauce .
i will not be going back .
i wasn't impressed by either .
i won't be going back .
went here on my way back from the airport .
i wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
they were just awful .
the meat was dry and had no flavor .
the masa was even dry .
in this case , it was so bad .
the salsa wasn't very good either .
now i remember why i had n't gone back .
will not be returning .
not good or consistent from visit to visit .
register girls have no personality by the way .
corn muffin was dry .
what the hell are you guys thinking ?
ass drops was more like it .
i mean , horrible .
i can't even describe the taste .
the food was pretty terrible overall .
it tasted of celery , if anything at all .
now that is some sad chinese food .
cheap yes , but not good .
the waitress was a complete jerk as well .
felt like they gave me reheated food .
inside is not that clean and is jam packed .
yep got this one completely wrong .
the place is an absolute dump .
you would be better off eating your own hand .
it's brown colored flavorless rice .
nothing more , nothing less .
everything was bland and coated in oil .
way too much oil .
these are not crab puffs .
greasy , bland cream cheese wontons .
i only ate two .
the rest went into the trash .
soooo , thanks for the let down yelpers .
is this place permanently closed ?
clean taxi but these people are unreliable .
this was a huge headache .
at 6:30 , however , no cab arrived .
can i give these guys zero stars ?
the driver ripped me off !
it sure won't be yellow cab .
would not recommend to anyone .
that cab driver was nice though .
so i don't blame the driver .
is there less than a one star ?
worst cab experiences ever !
first cab driver got horribly lost .
are you kidding me ?
are you kidding me ?
what a disturbing and unpleasant experience !
it's now past my original reservation time .
no apologies for the confusion , no explanation .
he refuses to switch it .
what a train wreck .
its not like its sunday morning , its wednesday !
she apologized and said it would be ten minutes .
i could have walked there by now !
never using yellow cab again .
if you have no cabs you tell the customer .
that was a bit annoying .
f & ( $ you .
needless to say these guys are horrible .
two things wrong with this .
i hang up because i'm tired of waiting .
avoid at all costs .
i would rather take the bus next time .
terrible , disgusting , the worst cab company !
and the drivers refuse to acknowledge it .
they are never polite and courteous .
this is just unacceptable and very very unprofessional .
well at 5:30 no cab .
he gave me names and a number to complain .
shame on this company !
gave my cash tip and went on my way .
is no stars an option ?
worst cab ride ever .
i wish i could give them negative stars .
they deserve a zero !
do not ever take yellow cab .
they are so inappropriate and dirty .
he would not admit his wrong doing .
his car was disgusting .
it is disgusting how they just don't care .
worst cab service ever .
please someone just put them out of service already .
i really tried so very hard to like you .
he asks which apartment i'm in .
this company doesn't deserve even zero star .
horrible rude snotty phone dispatch .
yellow cab doesn't care about you , their customer .
using them isn't a convenience for you .
will not take a cab again .
this can company is terrible !
don't waste your time .
no problem , they'll be there .
yellow cab should be out of business .
i did not inquire why .
no follow up call received .
not reliable and will never call on them again .
it's now past my original reservation time .
no apologies for the confusion , no explanation .
he refuses to switch it .
what a train wreck .
apparently the 6:30 pickup was never canceled .
lazy piece of shit .
can't wait until uber takes them under .
taxis are horrible in az .
this is a zero .
they are rude and have dirty car seats .
credit card machine went down .
i will never get into a yellow cab again .
none of the mechanics at magic auto are certified .
shady mechanic telling me one thing and doing another .
fish filets are not square .
the shrimps were over breaded and dry .
what the hell is this ?
i feel like im in a school cafeteria !
i dont even buy this crap in grocery stores !
do not waste your time !
well , it was bad .
glad i didn't purchase from here .
but the service is extremely lacking .
it was just so weird .
the staff was not helpful , at all !
the woman was very rude and unhelpful .
i would not return to azteca .
it was not good .
as a bride , i would not come here .
that 's when things got worse .
this store was a disappointment .
what a waste of dresses .
i just had the worst experience at this store .
do not step foot in here .
they lack organization and have terrible communication .
i would save yourself a headache and go elsewhere .
i had no privacy and no help .
there was no other option .
worst customer service & experience .
the owners were rushing our girl to hurry up .
cheap prices for cheap service .
i'd rather pay double the price elsewhere .
all i can say was she was african american .
horrible experience for a 1st time bride !
we seriously wasted our time here .
the staff have no idea what they're doing .
first off , the parking situation is ridiculous .
this was not great .
the meat is very hard .
avoid this motel at all possible cost .
i tried to lock my car .
i will not recommend this place .
the garlic toast was not really garlic toast .
the mashed potatoes were even worse .
i've already mentioned the terrible side dishes .
for low quality food , those prices are unacceptable .
i guess people in arizona like this garbage .
potato salad not good at all .
beans not good at all .
expensive and horrible food .
i was not impressed with the sauce .
im use to sliced beef instead of shredded .
ribs : now the ribs i can get behind .
however , i shouldn't have .
the meat was below average and didn't taste fresh .
the mashed potatoes were not good either .
i did not care for the bbq sauce .
i do not recommend this restaurant .
the ribs are crap .
the soda is watered down .
no lettuce no tomato .
i ordered the chicken n ribs dinner .
i chose coleslaw and garlic toast .
overall experience was just ok .
the chicken was also ok .
i wouldn't go there again .
so disgusted by the female owner .
lady your everything wrong with america .
the " cafe " doesn't serve coffee or tea .
what a silly joke if it weren't so sad !
there may have been one salad option , too .
i was pissed off .
or renting a car in phoenix period .
how about an suv - no thanks .
i never want to use budget there again .
check-in , however , was ridiculous .
the worst experience i had for car rental ever .
i don't know who is the stupid guy .
is it possible to give zero stars ?
i wouldn't put my worst enemy through that .
it doesn't matter that you have a coupon .
nothing at this agency was clearly explained .
shame on you budget !
remember , there are many car rental choices available .
i'm giving budget one star already .
horrible waits , bad service .
zero stars for this place .
then i called from st louis where we landed .
too many other choices .
that is the same amount as my car note .
quite curt , if not rude , employees .
i wish i'd checked yelp before i booked .
i wanted to like budget , i really did .
sorry , you lost me with this one .
believe me , there was no stains !
rented a car over thanksgiving .
they can not be trusted .
absolutely ridiculous must have over booked themselves .
they don't even rate one star i my opinion .
worst customer service i have ever received .
this agency is a rip off !
impossible to reach by phone .
very terrible experience with this company .
people with just reservations were screwed !
she was just horrendous .
save yourself the frustration and rent elsewhere !
the car sucks , their corporate phone system sucks .
terrible customer service and overpriced service .
a reservation apparently is not a real reservation here .
i would give zero stars if i could .
ridiculous service on a friday .
um , i'm not sure , what 's that ?
ridiculously long line and wait at phoenix airport !
do not recommend this location .
we will not use this outfit again .
it's off the charts ridiculous .
the worst service i have ever seen !
seriously budget get your act together !
surrounded by a room full of angry customers .
worse car rental place .
happens every time i am here for spring training .
other people waiting , have costco car reservations also .
no discount offered for the inconvenience .
worst experience i ever had at a car rental .
blame everyone but budget phoenix time and people management .
customer service of no use after the fact .
well guess what no one showed .
pretentious and condescending writing .
it's time to stop playing high school newspaper .
to which he responded again with another insult .
what a waste of trees .
maybe , but i will only order the fish .
my dad had fried okra and fried zucchini .
sorry , but we won't be back .
but this place is just awful .
the cocktail sauce is way too spicy and watery .
my advice , skip this place if you can !
the shrimp had too much batter .
this is not it folks .
don't do this to yourself .
you'll be better off .
there is no other explanation .
fish and chips was very bland .
it seemed fresh , just lacking .
the fries were disappointing too .
probably won't be back .
i'm sorry , what ?
this place was the worst !
the food is horrible !
fries were soggy and bland .
cocktail sauce was even bland .
and ppl thought pete 's was bad ?
ate here on a friday night with a friend .
the fries could have been better .
to me it just came across as grumpy management .
these people where not very nice .
this place was horrible !
don't waist you're time or money .
go elsewhere for seafood .
they never smell fishy , though .
they came out dry and the meat was stiff .
worst fish and chips i've ever had .
no real seasoning to the okra breading .
she did really like the fish though .
that was the slightly redeeming factor .
is half the size it used to be .
fish is too thick for batter .
went in for lunch on june 2nd .
both toilets full of crap .
did not look like the sullivan family to me .
do i recommend no .
it was a bunch of the most random junk .
only good on fridays .
it's only half the size it used to be .
( should have been a red flag ) .
did a great job and couldn't be happier .
these people strike me as extremely lazy !
they did very lousy work , poor craftsmanship .
this was slightly better , but not by far .
to boot , the item looked really crappy .
looked like it had never been cleaned .
i'm not holding my breathe !
i'm pretty sure they lost it .
save your money and stay away from this place !
the work is shoddy at best .
horrible horrible horrible company .
there 's just one big bus to hop onto .
ok , end rant .
i hate taking buses between terminals .
i don't really want to be here either .
when i travel , i tend to have things .
yeah , this place is hell alright .
only americans would know that .
sky harbor is like any other airport .
i wish i had run him over .
if i die , i die .
not much to see here , really .
then they lost interest with me .
it is dull and boring .
after that , it's downhill .
it isn't rocket science .
the terminals are not user friendly .
almost as bad as oakland .
people are freaking rude .
bus service between terminals slow .
the gates themselves are old and run down .
and the north curb and south curb ?
also , the security is slow .
did not enjoy it .
bathroom floors are sooo sticky and dirty .
doesn't seem like a big deal ?
okay , not really .
most of the problems are caused by the layout .
c concourse has no internet signal .
old , smells , and not enough signs .
not a huge deal , right ?
zero signs that tell you where to go .
thats fucking pathetic and sad .
do not order food in this place .
the restaurant selections are limited .
i've never flown out of sky harbor .
so why only two stars ?
the waits for baggage are unacceptable .
better plan on a long wait there too .
not so much a fan of this airport .
the furniture and dcor need some serious updating .
what outlets we could find were dead , too .
thats it in my terminal worth mentioning .
bathroom doors don't lock .
hate getting stuck here when i need to eat .
not the worst airport and not the best .
signage : poor to non existent .
if it's there , it's not placed well .
years and years of poor planning .
i have never been to a more ridiculous airport .
i will avoid flying here in the future .
whether i'm on time , late or early .
sky harbor , you lose .
no cookie for you .
poor service and so so food .
parking is a nightmare .
obviously , i don't enjoy coming here .
plus , i have no other choice .
unless i buy my own jet .
atmosphere : clean facilities but nothing spectacular .
phoenix , phoenix , phoenix .
you sure worked hard to make me dislike you .
but flying out of phoenix .
it turned out he gave me the wrong directions .
sky harbor needs a closed airport layout .
never again sky harbor !
nothing special to get excited about .
and then , they managed to lose our luggage .
renting a car here is ridiculous .
worst international airport in the united states .
worst airport in america for efficiency .
( it is set up like a giant u .
in short , this airport stinks .
a mandatory walk across the airport is not good .
that carpet will not let you roll yours easily .
why is it the worst you ask ?
nothing special or awesome but no real complaints .
there is nothing simple about this airport .
employees are not helpful .
i hate this airport .
i wouldnt want my worst enemy going in there .
will never , ever rent from them again .
i hate these people .
so i don't like it here .
- there is absolutely no good food options .
- everything is just so plain and boring .
the walls are a nasty sandy color .
- toilets are complete crap .
that 's just disgusting .
a crappy eatery here and there .
another tsa agent directed me where to go .
yeah , i couldn't believe it either .
don't fly through phoenix .
bad , bad experience .
no more , those days are long behind me .
all told , phx is neither bad nor impressive .
the restrooms are ok but usually crowded .
adding wi-fi , some better restaurants , etc .
picking up and dropping off people is a nightmare .
it is insanely frustrating .
the whole airports needs an overhaul .
services offered while waiting for your next flight ?
don't do it if the gate is packed .
one star because zero isn't an option .
then there 's the restrooms .
the terminals feel drab and dingy .
that 's what sky harbor feels like .
this airport really sucks .
the layout for one is ridiculous .
also they have a complete lack of power outlets !
it just doesn't get much worse than this airport .
standing outside in the heat waiting for a bus .
yup , just about what i expected from phoenix .
it was just ridiculous .
but here it was even worse .
even the club closes relatively early .
most confusing airport ever !
just very poor signage .
not a horrible place , but certainly not good .
this i can not understand .
either requires a bus trip .
that is a big pet peeve of mine .
that is enough reason not to fly here .
old , ugly , worn out , and dirty .
driving into phoenix would be much better .
this time it was on the southwest side !
the airport is also confusing .
worst customer service experience ive ever had .
my recent experience at phoenix wasn't the greatest .
terminal b is just horrendous .
i hate this airport , friendliest my ass !
on-site rentals would be nice , but not here .
not friendly at all .
lack of power outlets .
my boyfriend and i recently had a layover here .
there was no place to buy sunglasses inside security .
i hope i never had a layover here again .
avoid if at all possible .
hopefully we will not cross paths again .
i'm just not a fan of this place .
i do not like to wait in line .
i do not like the extra fees .
i do not like the extreme crowds .
the wait to pay is oh so slow .
i do not like this traffic jam .
went straight to security and barely made my flight .
the absolute worst when you're trying to get home .
can't wait to leave !
i've never gone through security here before .
they only looked at my boarding pass .
somehow that is not comforting to me .
the airport itself also wasn't an interesting site .
just an airport like lax .
don't even want to give one star .
one of my least favorite airports .
it seems like forever to get to the gate .
this airport is bad .
i just hate this place .
meh , it's functional i guess .
seriously they were super rude to me !
so when i left hawaii everything was cool .
it was super easy and not a big deal .
and there was nothing inside the terminal .
terrible airline operations , incompetent tsa .
all things that this airport lacks .
try to avoid this place if you can .
the employees here are extremely rude !
awful place to have a layover .
avoid this airport or terminal if possible .
why does it smell like that ?
and there are no places to eat pre security .
dont fly out of this terminal .
there 's no getting around it .
its poorly lit and feels " sweaty . "
us airways customer service is terrible !
the rep was rude and a little snotty .
everything is marked and the layout is horrible .
the food court is pretty gross , still .
no one could believe it .
unacceptable and completely ridiculous .
glad they have an information desk .
i hate this airport !
i hate this airport .
this airport is garbage on so many levels .
not just you , like your whole plane full .
seriously , many phx folks drive to tucson .
i have severe allergies to pets .
shame on you , phoenix !
i've been to better county airports .
not a fan of this airport for one reason .
there are very few ways to charge anything .
lots of chairs but no outlets .
first , it's been remodeled .
i really could have used a starbucks .
this airport is horrible .
not a fan of this airport .
not a great airport .
i'm not a fan of this one !
tsa checks were not the best .
the lines were slow .
hotel was only ten minutes away .
lack of charging stations is a definite bummer .
it's just an old dingy , sticky airport .
it just needs some tlc to bring it back .
the d terminal is only one arm .
the hidden taxes and fees are ridiculous .
will not be renting from them again .
my least favorite airport when flying east .
worst airport for baggage claim .
not a great airport .
i try to avoid this airport when possible .
what a piece of crap air port !
hopefully , you won't have to walk too far .
this airport is absolutely ridiculous !
perhaps the worst airport in north america .
the tsa people were terribly inefficient and somewhat rude .
all very hospitable folk , no doubt .
i never thought of that ! " )
one of the worst major airports .
tsa is set up in hallways .
you can't get from terminal to terminal .
not enough seating in terminal area .
one of the worst major airports .
tsa is set up in hallways .
you can't get from terminal to terminal .
not enough seating in terminal area .
it is too bad really .
also , the mens restrooms were poorly designed .
i am so disappointed in this airport .
don't check bags to this airport .
security check point is also slow .
this is the worst airport .
the air conditioner is not on .
this airport is terrible .
so , no choice but to walk .
not like it doesn't get really hot in phoenix .
i wish i had caught his name .
he was a miserable person with no people skills .
my least favorite airport .
i dread entering phx .
worst airport i have even been to .
its not that hard .
the worst customer service i have ever seen .
well that 's just too bad !
horribly designed airport ; terminals are all spread out .
worst airport experience ever .
sky harbor rates low with this seasoned traveler .
but you can't get on .
why can't wifi be easier at us airports .
frankly - one of the worst airports in america .
terrible transportation between terminals .
not enough restrooms or restaurants .
if i could avoid it i would .
quite possibly this is the worst in the country .
bathrooms at this airport are few and far between .
crowded , busy , and uncomfortable .
there could be better food choices .
until i flew out of phoenix sky harbor .
not my favorite airport .
there 's not an outlet to be found anywhere .
no free wifi either .
big low score for tsa .
returning a rental car is the worst .
unbelievably inept tsa staff !
they deserve a minus star rating .
due to the long wait we missed our flight !
omg , this is one the worse airport .
airport itself is very old old old .
not very excited about coming back here .
tsa at terminal c here was ridiculously bad .
pretty pathetic flying out of here .
1/2 hour to get through is ridiculous .
but seriously , when there 's nothing even open ?
should i eat my money ?
this airport is the pits .
the employees here are n't very friendly either .
one hour wait through security .
someone is not doing their job !
just try not to ever rent a car here !
worst i've seen in the country .
just awful we're expected to stand and wait .
no thank you phx .
yesterday at the phoenix airport was the worst .
don't expect any great eateries .
no one working and things moving real slow .
this is by far the worst .
shut this airport and build one somewhere else .
it was a nightmare .
inside , was worse .
it was worse than the worst disneyland line .
worst airport in the world in my humble opinion .
only negative is the security .
it was ridiculously understaffed and took nearly two hours .
least impressive to me was the food selection .
lack of options makes for one cranky traveler .
meh , i don't love this airport .
every tsa agent here should be fired .
rental bus drivers worst in the nation .
tsa lines here are ridiculous .
nothing impressive at all .
horrible , horrible , horrible experience .
everything was under construction and signs were very bad .
wrong , wrong wrong .
not even a tissue ! "
i get anxiety just thinking about it .
the dog volunteers and front desk were so friendly .
none of my calls were returned .
do not support this organization !
they don't have animals ' best interest in mind .
what a disgusting and uncaring organization !
so , she was given a sick kitten !
that is not allowed .
very disappointed with our experience with this shelter .
very easy to miss .
the shuttle are fairly frequent and prices reasonable .
no apology to me for his behavior .
i couldn't believe it .
this place is below par .
literally - falling down in places .
cheap but that 's it .
this " fuel and service charge " is ridiculous .
said nothing about additional fees may apply .
but , i'll get to that in a minute .
not even close in fact .
this is no longer my spot .
the service has gotten absolutely terrible .
this mornings experience was horrible .
never returning back to this dump !
the way back to the car was a disaster .
pay the little extra and get better service .
the parking lot is run down and disgusting .
we will not use this one again .
beware of letting drivers handle your luggage for you .
my bags are " my responsibility . "
then they shouldn't let the drivers handle the bags .
i have used this service several times .
so not worth it .
wow , what a horrible experience .
a horrible night of sleep .
anyway , that 's another review .
the most bland prime i've ever had .
no water , no bread , pathetic service .
this should never happen at any high end restaurant .
writing this review breaks my heart .
i just wasn't impressed .
apparently restaurant week offended our waiter ?
it was literally just shredded up dry cabbage !
i wouldn't do dinner again .
got there about 5:30 left at 7:00 .
remembering last years visit we were disappointed .
cut into this one and again barely warm .
simply stated , i'll never return .
the bread basket contained biscuits and jalapeno corn bread .
can you understand why i'm pissed off ?
on its own , it didn't have much flavor .
had the worse experience at this rest .
our server was rude and arrogant .
the worse service i have ever experienced .
filet med with a little pink in the middle .
i said no it is not .
did not even offer me another filet .
i can't believe that she did not comp .
not horrible but would never recommend or return .
don't waste your time !
the steaks are n't hot .
the veggies are n't fresh .
yikes , bad call .
it was just ok .
the place was just average but at top prices .
i will not be back .
and zero stars for service !
otherwise i think your money is better spent elsewhere .
sides also were unimpressive .
she did not finish the liver .
worst service i've ever received !
there was no char or flavor to the steak .
buffalo meatloaf : no texture , bad flavor .
potato stack : these are n't bad .
a little mushy , but not bad .
however , their bacon is like dust .
very poor business practice .
i'm rating only their parking service .
the leaves were not completely picked up either .
called and got an answering machine .
i will never use this shuttle .
lousy information , lousy communication , lousy customer service .
why can't you have a sign ?
disappointed they have stopped providing water .
simply a waste of time , and money .
i don't recommend at all .
it wasn't bad it just was nothing special .
the menus have been dirty on occasion .
actually , it's kind of bland .
again , very poor value .
lastly , never get the coleslaw .
spend your money elsewhere .
i don't know , that 's why i'm asking .
i almost just got cold stone for breakfast .
the burrito was surprisingly small .
one of the worst airport meals i've ever had .
like most airport restaurants , it looks clean .
edible , but nothing to write home about .
beats burger king any day .
i am still sick to my stomach .
they never apologized and never offered for any help .
worst customer service ever .
customer service was incredibly rude and unhelpful .
the customer service at sky harbor airport is poor .
this place is not very good .
wasn't to happy with the cleanliness of this location .
all a bunch of confusion to make more money .
rude to the max .
that is not how you do business .
being nice goes a long way .
worst rental car experience i've ever had .
the car was pretty dirty and smelly .
this is a new company to me .
they were too busy trying to upsell .
good for their business , bad for customers .
problems checking car back in on return .
will never rent again .
nothing really stood out for me except the prices .
avoid at all costs !
this was my first time renting from advantage .
i don't think i'll do it again .
but id rather pay a little extra for convenience .
worst experience renting a car i've ever had !
first as a student .
financial aid is a nightmare at this campus .
they will lie to you and waste your time .
they couldn't understand that .
this place is not military friendly .
it should not work that way .
they were good when they were gas carts .
i was excited to try this place out .
such a pity because it's a really cool environment .
place is extremely boring .
did i mention how expensive it is ?
there are n't any fans or anything at all .
wouldn't be a place i would recommend !
this is no different .
old salad and rude service .
unfortunately i didnt like it .
the breading covering the fish was like bird food .
the service was bad .
fries were not salted and were tasteless .
i won't be back .
slow services , mediocre value and dull flavors .
cooked just right & crunchy as expected .
the fries were limp & flavorless .
not impressed at all .
the facility lacked adequate security .
my latest experience : it was horrible .
buying tickets ahead with greyhound isn't the best idea .
there always trash on the bus its disgusting .
the buses are filthy , but it's cheap .
am i missing something ?
no one there smiles but one security guard .
the rest looked liked they hated there job !
i'd give them zero stars if possible .
one star is entirely too many !
didn't i pay for this wifi ?
seriously difficult to deal with these people .
knew it would be a mistake taking greyhound again .
this trip i was simply trying to save money .
customer service is not anything greyhound cares for .
this has been a horrid experience .
this is the 3rd station i've ever been in .
if i could give zero stars i would .
do not use greyhound !
not even as last resort .
avoid greyhound if you can .
we will never use greyhound again .
this is not the first time either .
rude staff and disgusting bus .
i feel dirty from even walking on the bus .
the food was not good .
the food is mediocre .
the service , attitude and cleanliness are beyond poor .
i will not be visiting this waffle house again !
this isn't the best waffle house in the area .
we got our food really spread out too .
mine was like half over done .
we wouldn't go to this one again .
maybe i came on a bad night .
greasy , low quality , disgusting food .
but what you get is pretty bad .
i left feeling full , but unsatisfied .
this waffle house appeared dirty down to the dishes .
it was pretty disgusting .
sadly i was mistake .
there hole staff is ghetto and trash .
now i know why it's called the awful waffle !
they don't realize some young guys know their stuff .
they sell everything without tax and are overall thieves .
ten minutes later , i call again .
the driver was not the issue .
he was on time , polite , and knowledgeable .
what happened after was worse .
the whole thing makes me sick .
two worst cab companies in phoenix az .
appointment with my primary care doctor last months too !
aaa transportation cabs & discount cabs totally !
this company is terrible .
i have not received a call .
not a sparkling review by any means .
he was pretty unfriendly and borderline rude .
he never offered any assistance for our baggage .
no one should ever have that much run around .
not if i didn't have to .
i will not stay here again .
worst example of customer service i've seen .
no call , no email , no contact .
this has been an absolutely lousy experience .
too pricey for the kind of service they offer !
they have let this property get very tired .
sad because is a great location ?
extremely disappointed with this hotel .
i am truly disappointed in this place .
the work they do is downright embarrassing .
he is no longer my friend .
but my sandwich was just ok.
the wheat roll was hard and chewy .
margarita the owner was not helpful to my needs !
lets just say it was ugly !
the worst acrylics i've ever seen .
i wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy !
i won't be going back .
overall , it was a really disappoint experience .
anyways , the soup was broccoli and cheese .
the coffee is awful !
shouldn't it taste fresh brewed in the early a.m. ?
most importantly though , the service sucked .
skip this place and try something else at breakfast .
needless to say i will not be back !
not to mention it was not big at all .
a disgrace on the otherwise ok restaurant .
i took one bite and it all fell apart .
it wasn't our fault .
the cashier repeated back , " asian salad . "
it was just chunks of fat and gristle .
so , so gross .
terrible , terrible service !
i do not recommend any travelers to eat here .
, probably not the place to go .
banana but muffin was good but undercooked .
paradise cafe was the only thing that seemed appetizing .
trust me , i looked multiple times .
it's like everyone here is sour on their job .
they made no effort to meet or exceed expectations .
they are n't even close to being ready .
awful service , unprofessional and unpleasant to experience .
she was extremely rude .
nope , no , nada !
i replaced my battery and left .
hello , ford motor co !
goodbye bell ford in phoenix , az .
overall waste of time .
this place is horrible .
they give you the run around fake promises .
do yourself a favor elsewhere for your ford !
do not give these guys your real phone number !
if they get your phone number you're toast .
i walked out and never looked back .
of course i didn't buy anything , who would ?
very bad first impression for a loyal ford owner .
i wouldn't waste a second at bell ford .
ugh this service department makes me so mad .
please think twice before you waste your time here .
i will not buy from this dealership again .
that lie should have been my first red flag .
each time i am promised a return call .
just had a horrible experience .
i know nothing about horse racing .
the beer was warm and the food was terrible .
do not use this company !
she made me not want to use this company .
so , i was a little upset .
this is the worst dental office ever .
and omg we both hated it !
the rides are kinda lame .
this place is poorly designed .
the park is old and needs to be redone .
the bathrooms are so disgusting its pathetic .
it should only cost five dollars for locals .
upon entering the arcade , i was immediately disappointed .
the people before me has that problem as well .
i probably won't go again .
not worth the price .
the day we went , several rides were closed .
won't be returning any time soon , very disappointing .
also , the beverages are outrageously priced .
but as is it feels like a tourist trap .
are you kidding me ?
my kids even got bored !
not worth it at all .
employees are rude and impatient .
apparently , they forgot to call me .
that 's not right . "
won't make that mistake again .
but the service tech was given the wrong windshield .
and , this wasn't it .
absolutely terrible and deceptive .
don't believe all the hype .
what a complete and total waste of my time .
such an amateur mistake .
the list goes on .
she didn't give a link or anything .
go elsewhere for your kids ' activities .
i feel that is very inappropriate .
better luck with your driver !
yes , sir , like toppings and stuff .
half the pizza had no toppings at all .
so i joined him for lunch .
rent must be really really low .
which is why we gave it a try .
ok , but not quite that good .
the food is worth the money , nothing special .
it was like the black hole of coffee condiments .
nasty , nasty , nasty .
mediocre fast food , fine .
when i got my bag there was no ketchup !
fault of an un experienced employee cost me .
this seems very expensive as compared to a competitor .
they did not care to have my business .
they didn't really care though .
i used classic party rentals for my wedding .
it didn't work , they looked like dead flowers .
absolutely the worst bouquet i've ever bought .
our wedding was almost ruined though their complete incompetence .
i don't know how they are still in business .
pointing doesn't tell me anything .
yeah , ok , i guess that works .
there isn't supposed to be .
not a bunch like she claimed .
also , she saw that i had no stereo .
my friend was installing it for me .
the people who work here know nothing about vehicles .
they have the worst customer service ever .
i've never witnessed anything like this in my life .
worst customer service ever .
thanks but no thanks .
they will no longer be getting our business .
so i drive from casa grande , az .
was a horrible experience .
my car rarely breaks down !
but we would be left paying the towing .
bottom line is they just weren't doing the job .
same thing happened to my dad .
it was really dirty .
the bbq pork was overcooked and tough .
the sauce was so-so .
this place is mediocre at best .
all in all nothing was really that tasty .
even the sweet tea was lacking .
it's just that the food is not special .
the service fees are ridiculous .
if she does not qualify than no body should !
this company is the worst .
still waiting for a manger to call me back .
what i got was soggy chips under green chili .
i didn't notice until i got home .
my loss , because it's permanently stained .
i refuse pay for anymore services from firestone !
i was frustrated and just left .
dont even waste your time or money !
so far not really a problem .
she just starts talking over me .
so i go ahead and give him a sample .
finally , she brings out the invoice .
that is pretty rude of you . "
clearly he was annoyed with me , again .
very deceptive marketing practices and high pressure sales .
it's not really " mexican food " .
returned half or food because it smelled so bad .
the food was mediocre .
we have mixed reviews , ourselves , though .
there are fish tanks with large fish in them .
there are no other meats .
otherwise , skip it .
they gave me cold mac and cheese .
i won't likely ever order food from here again .
very black peppery and not very many vegetables .
i didn't like it .
do not go here at all .
this place is disgusting .
gross , i will never eat there again .
that wasn't the case today .
so , whatever , no problem .
the pizza hut doesn't have a door .
i grab my pizzas and i'm out of there .
i will not order from this location again .
then you can avoid these types of problems .
pizza was never delivered .
i would give negative stars if i could .
when it finally arrived it was cold .
not even luke warm .
it's a complete joke .
guess my money isn't green enough for them .
i want to give negative stars but i can't .
this has got to be the worst store ever .
this isn't the first time that this has happened .
horrible service and delivery times are out of control !
if i could give negative stars i would .
avoid this dump at all cost .
i said , " no problem , i understand .
for me , it is all about first impressions .
the specialist called me and confirmed the appointment .
he was very knowledgeable and polite .
a week passed and no email .
finally , i get a call that evening .
they responded to my follow up emails within minutes .
run , don't walk away from this company .
some excuse , we're sorry , etc .
guess what , no call .
they were mostly minor - but failed inspection nonetheless .
the sales guy apparently cant add .
i approved , not having a better choice .
the tile from the bone yard was delivered .
there was no final inspection .
do not hire this company !
loose fruit and veggies - um , no .
i was so wrong .
this place is the worst .
they don't even deserve one star .
horrible customer service with even worst employees .
don't waste your time coming to this shake .
the worst customer service in the industry .
worst customer service ever !
i was so mad and asked to be refunded .
he looked at me like i just killed somebody .
clearly a speaker problem , not me .
this they could handle without a problem .
and my tacos were crammed with lettuce .
go next door to taco bell or whataburger .
supposed to be open at 8:00 am on weekends .
worst pharmacy , ever !
so my boyfriend was the first to report it ?
they can sometimes be overly soggy .
but the flavor was a bit off .
it was a bit runny and tasteless for me .
the people here have no sense of customer service .
the facility is old and the furnishings dated .
what a waste of money .
that was not a greek salad .
needless to say , i won't be going back !
overwhelmed staff at lunch rush .
not given receipt or ketchup for my fries .
not much better than subway in my opinion .
no fresh brewed tea .
i don't intend to go back .
great customer service , poor execution .
so , he did the measurements same day .
i couldn't believe it .
friday was the only day it could be done .
my suggestion is get estimates and use another company .
one of the worst companies i ever deal with .
worst customer service ever !
i don't understand how they are still in business .
i won't be going back .
the lunch food for me has been consistently terrible .
however , he is supposed to cover this area .
don't waste your time .
i would give zero stars if possible .
no name , just a number .
should have paid more for my pool fence .
last , they didn't even properly secure the gate .
customer service - horrible .
smoking and non-smoking rooms are on the same floor .
worst place i have ever stayed .
altogether i was very disappointed .
don't stay here if you have any self respect .
this place is awful .
nothing else ; no variety .
they are also hard to track down .
warning do not stay at this hotel !
it's a horrible experience living here .
awful , so disgusting in all ways .
would never return if i did not have to .
but still , ugh !
do not stay at this location .
room was not cleaned on second day .
so then i went to bed .
miss , what are you looking at ? "
however , i could not finish the burger .
there was so much grease .
i regret not going to in-n-out burger .
i don't know how people eat here .
the hamburger itself was gray , tasteless .
the burger was greasy and flavorless .
i didn't finish it and won't be back .
worst whataburger i've ever been .
cold tasteless food is what this place has .
sorry no second chances for this place .
this place is horrible .
apparently we were wrong .
this place is straight up creepy and run down .
avoid at all costs .
no it's still open for business .
i spilled a beer all over myself .
can i get this beer removed ?
food sucked also as bad as the service .
the bulk of my complaints concern the bathroom .
well , skip this one .
didn't sleep at all .
disappointed for a hilton .
air is loud and noisy as well .
workout facility is mediocre .
first room was noisy .
my husband and i just ate there .
that is no bread and a side salad instead .
the only vegetarian option was a grilled cheese sandwich .
i can't believe i just ate at this place !
what a waste of a year !
every load they delivered was crushed or in pieces .
my kitchen table was unable to be repaired .
try another company and hopefully you'll have better luck !
holy cow what a horrible experience !
this place is terrible !
they only exchanged it for another one .
i've had nothing but bad luck !
too pricey for south phoenix .
how does that happen , subway !
ben advised no as i was getting cheap golf .
staff was like they did not want us there.
pro shop employees are rude .
which made me even more frustrated .
the course was good but the service was horrible .
because this was not good pizza .
but there was no flavor .
it sounds worse than that .
- i didn't have to cook .
quite simply , you get what you pay for .
both times i went the service was horribly slow .
the place felt hot and there were flies everywhere .
she insisted it worked .
very very very bad service !
these guys can not be trusted .
i don't have high hopes .
the food was horrible .
my mother had heart failure .
this place is terrible !
since then everything has been very slow .
i would not recommend this place .
the staff are unprofessional and incompetent .
the place smells of urine and is not clean .
they do not wash their hands between patients .
if you do , you will regret it .
service was terrible and staff was very unfriendly !
tonight was our first time eating here .
sadly , the customer service has declined .
nothing good to say about this place .
no manager on duty tonight .
i will not be returning .
i've had three bad experiences .
ok , my fault for not bargain shopping .
that fish could kill me !
cashier : " no ! "
cashier : " no ! "
i just can't steal points from safeway .
wait times in line are ridiculously long .
i'm weary of this place.
breakfast was bacon , eggs , pancake .
the way this was handled upset me .
i had never met him before .
how else could he afford to drive nice vehicles ?
wings were fatty disgusting and soggy .
pizza was mediocre at best .
simply the worst pizza in the valley .
this is not one of them .
also , no air conditioning in phoenix in august .
i don't know how this crust was made .
stopped in , no pizza ready .
get it home , no canadian bacon .
this place is horrible !
the pizza and wings were disgusting !
there was no flavor to the sauce .
they were not edible .
it was very expensive for such low quality !
the kids would not even eat it !
i was very disappointed with this place .
honestly , little caesar 's would have been better .
the employees i encountered barely speak english .
too bad there isn't a management number to call .
there is some seating , but not much .
and then i stopped coming with my mom .
worst customer service ever !
so not worth it !
why didn't you tell me it was this far ?
it was so bad he didn't even eat it .
also , our waitress was awful .
my beef tamale was awful .
i would not eat here again .
but this was horrible .
i tasted no cream cheese .
it tasted like sour cream with chunks of jalepeno .
even the jalepeno didn't taste like jalepeno !
the chicken was flavorless .
i couldn't tell there was chicken in it .
no sides , no toppings , just orange goo .
the beef taco was horrible .
i won't be back .
wish yelp allowed negative stars .
ok food but horrible service .
we left a little disappointed .
all very salty to me .
i was was so excited to have lunch there .
maybe they should warn you about the onions !
the only thing i liked was the chips !
i called in so i wouldn't have to wait .
none of the food was seasoned .
my third bad experience in a row .
i will not be calling back later .
i will not be calling back ever .
too bad i used to like that place .
the worst customer service ever !
place has really gone down hill .
tonight , we had our meal as usual .
i wasn't impressed by the food or experience .
sorry but they just don't cut it .
and the prices were soo cheap .
the food was microwaved , and overcooked .
simply the worst dining experience i've had .
all-in-all , it was a disappointing experience .
i will not eat here ever again !
tried to call in order .
ripoff , unprofessional and rude staff !
all she could do was lie and make excuses .
this was not acceptable .
don't waste your time .
but i can find that in my back yard .
this place is just not for me .
couldn't cut my pork belly with the knife .
the food looks like the chef does not care .
did no one see this ?
to sit on the chairs .
are awful and no one wears gloves at all !
are expensive as well .
surrounding area with picnic tables was nice though .
why no tip you ask ?
there is no service here .
i'm never going back .
it was very disappointing .
this experience was anything but fun from the beginning .
to list your sides that you could choose from .
it wasn't even half full !
the cupcake was ok , moist but no flavor .
it was completely ridiculously overpriced .
first time experience dining in was disappointing .
no waiter or waitress service .
which in pedicure language is not a good thing .
women who did my nails was terrible and rude !
the nail technician was rude and rushed me .
i will no longer visit this establishment .
it was just meh .
i would skip it and go to another place .
she didn't like the way i looked ?
lady was a little rude .
yet they still died .
the prices are out of sight .
not a soul in sight .
cons : no service and no prices listed !
clearly a miserable person with zero soft skills .
easily the worse course i have played in phoenix .
but thats really the only positives about this place .
the fairways were in bad condition as well .
finally , the bunkers had rocks and no sand .
there are much better golf courses around this place .
i do not recommend this course .
a reasonable price but still not worth the money .
they need much better signage .
the course was in such terrible shape .
all were too salty .
wasn't happy with the pricing either .
all in all , disappointed .
this place is the worst .
the egg rolls , just stay away from them .
they are horrible , like seriously .
lady in the white shirt was so rude .
this is an absolute horrible place for veterans !
this is plain ridiculous .
this is the worst jack in the box around .
not over done but black .
apparently one is not there on the weekends .
this was very painful and unexpected .
rooms don't have lighting , unprofessional maintenance .
luxury is only in the price .
our experience through the application process was terrible .
do not rent here or even apply .
no wonder they keep changing management .
it all went downhill from there .
but it gets boring fast .
all lights and tv were on .
this is unacceptable and frankly , pathetic .
isn't that just sad ?
do not go to this sun devil auto .
it wouldn't start well when cold .
this shop is total crap .
they have the worst customer service .
sun devil auto destroyed the engine on my truck !
do not rent equipment at this ace location .
if your a veteran , avoid this place .
the franchise owner doesn't give the veteran 's discount .
it smells like weed constantly .
cheap apartments , and for good reason .
i couldn't wait to get out of there !
i would not even give you people a star .
as other have mentioned , parking is horrible .
other than that , nothing else will fit .
it was weird how different spots were different sizes .
this place is still horrible .
don't be an idiot like me , go elsewhere .
the management is the worst i've ever come across .
i tried living here twice and nothing has changed .
my ceiling leaked all winter they did nothing .
i highly advice you live elsewhere .
there were roaches underneath the hood above our stove .
the outlets did not work , very loose .
so my advice is be careful .
be very careful with this place .
you have been warned .
it's bs , won't go back .
i should have left when i smelled the place .
husband ordered beef with broccoli - it was cold .
don't waste your time .
go to great wok instead for great take out .
nothing to write home about .
lots of food , but not much flavor .
hubby had szechuan chicken .
this really left an awful taste in my mouth .
but wait , there 's more .
because why would anyone question it any further ?
very poor customer service !
i will definitely not be back to his office .
i gave the one star for the owner .
it was very dirty and unorganized .
it looks outdated and very unprofessional .
i really like the idea of this place .
this place is a rip off .
" you guys have any specials running tonight ? "
" that 's not part of the special . "
i can't stand stuff like this .
the guy was friendly enough though .
i'm going to try to avoid this place .
but overall this is not my scene .
a little adult interaction might do him good !
visited this location for the first time tonight .
the chicken sandwich was excellent , very tasty .
seems to be going downhill .
it almost feels like they're trying to cut corners .
lunch service seems worse than dinner .
now everything but the chicken sucks and sucks badly .
that is not customer service .
i was really disappointed when i saw this .
we did not get enough wings .
it's your money people , it's your choice .
wings were good , but the service was bad .
the worst possible service ever .
if you don't want people drinking cut them off .
i will not be back .
it was not my hair color at all !
worse place i have ever lived .
since then , our showers are still having problems .
you people are freaking crazy .
said too many others rented & they came first .
you can really hear upstairs neighbors walking .
i know cockroaches happen but gross .
still have giant sewer roaches .
worst place i've ever lived !
but i think pinnacle just doesn't understand customer service .
pinnacle please let me break my lease .
my move in has been awful .
the worst renovation style i have ever seen .
i would not recommend this property .
they couldn't be more true .
just don't rent here .
quite honestly , this grocery store is pretty terrible .
the prices are n't cheaper .
the service is not fast .
at this point i'm done .
it was very frustrating .
i stopped on the way home tonight .
none of this is unique to this visit .
do they know it's supposed to be fast food !
slow service with remodeled location .
don't think i'll stop by again .
this is no way to treat you coworkers .
worst level of customer service ever .
and don't treat me that way !
and asked for my money back .
was hoping our first was a fluke .
this time was worse .
this dirty and slow !
the taco was literally soaked in greasy sauce .
awful service , and terrible treatment .
however , the negative reviews held true .
he just looked away and walked off .
my car is still not ready .
why do they call it jiffy lube ?
i'm too lazy to wash my own car too .
this car wash is mediocre at best .
i've been here twice .
they seem to rush the car wash process .
service here has went to crap .
i will never be spending my money here again .
worst detail i've seen .
let crumbs in plain sight .
won't be going back .
the staff is nice but their work is horrible .
he said no problem i'll fix them .
not really filthy , but dirty at best .
hard to see the cheaper wash options .
this place is now simply horrible .
the same rude worker did not remove the mats .
are they permanently closed ?
i found this sushi to be painfully mediocre .
this is the worst sushi restaurant .
the service is also terrible .
most rolls contain lots of fake crab .
i'm not a fan .
i don't understand how this rates so high .
maybe i'm going at the wrong time ?
all of which make it less and less attractive .
tonight was my second visit to sakana .
i'm a sucker for spider rolls .
she also had some unagi nigiri .
her comment : not very flavorful .
so maybe we just ordered wrong .
this place is horrible !
service was not very quick but it was friendly .
not worth the trip in our opinion .
this place is so bad !
not a good first experience .
the only good thing was the bartender .
the service was a bit better .
i ordered a vodka cranberry instead .
probably no vodka in it .
it was very hard to keep down .
it's awful service , management , and mediocre food .
it's a bad restaurant in every way .
the place is overpriced and completely poor quality .
unacceptable level of service from start to finish .
what 's not to like .
probably the very same week .
the sushi chef was different though .
i never went back , nor will i .
this was a very disappointing experience .
i ate some bad sushi and regretted it .
i probably won't come here again .
i don't understand the good reviews for this place .
i gave this place two tries .
worst of all , the sushi was bizarre .
our tofu tempura appetizer came out after the entrees .
didn't add to the experience .
not sure we'll be back .
that 's just me being critical though .
entrees were mostly tempura too .
my boyfriend ordered the chicken teriyaki .
then , ten minutes later , came the ramen .
the udon was nearly gone .
i regret that decision .
the quality of the fish was very poor .
obviously once frozen and not fresh .
every thing was just a mushy mess .
it was a really unpleasant atmosphere .
the takeout experience recently was not good .
this is not an exaggeration .
recently the quality has suffered .
couldn't make heads or tails of that dish awful .
goodbye sakana we won't come back .
service could be loads better .
unimpressed , won't be back .
i was so disgusted .
probably wont be coming back to this place .
we were so disappointed .
i am so disappointed !
the sushi that we ordered was mostly just ok .
why does this place have such good reviews ?
we didn't even touch it because it looked gross .
beware is all i have left to say .
it was so bland and there was no taste .
it was cold and soggy .
seaweed salad too chewy to eat .
the vegetables were served last and were burned .
everything that came off the grill was horrible .
the rib-eye was extremely fatty , essentially like gum .
it's the worst of the worst .
avoid this place at all costs .
unfortunately , everything was bad .
salad dressing was way too salty .
was it sitting in the kitchen long time ?
rice seemed to be old .
the fish was more mushy than anything .
this is no longer here .
why on earth would anyone come to this location ?
just about every game has something wrong with it .
the worst experience ever .
been there before and the place was ok .
one the salad bar was worst than other days .
staff was not friendly or attentive .
it's not worth the wait .
not a crappy quesadilla .
the food was okay , the service was terrible .
the mac and cheese looked old .
i would suggest finding a better option .
can't remember his name which is a shame .
service and food seems to get worse every time .
to begin with the service is horrible .
dirty , missing teeth , stained uniforms .
the food here also has gone down hill .
you're better off at denny 's down the road .
honestly , this was a complete disappointment .
nonetheless , all cold .
this place needs better staffing and management .
so tell me why should i try ihop again ?
very disappointed with this location lately .
if i could , i would give zero stars .
today however the experience was much less than expected .
my vegetable omelette was almost half its usual serving .
this restaurant was horrible !
the problem is service !
i will not be back .
don't spend your tip all in one place !
the booth wasn't even clean .
this place is disgusting .
no sir no its not .
it was a disaster and took forever to prepare .
while there , our service was terrible .
there were no clear cut winners .
the pale ale was better .
this rock bottom is awful .
a poor example of an already poor chain .
we didn't wait around to find out .
nearly all of them were unbearable to me .
no real surprise there .
the food started off pretty well .
also , their kettle chips are only okay .
the short rib is salty and overcooked .
the prime rib was tough and half was fat .
over all the food sucked and beer sucked .
oh well , just will quit going .
we had bad service from the get go .
everything is pricey too for being so-so food .
i've only ever tried breakfast bagel sandwiches .
customer service could be way better .
bagels are mediocre , nothing special .
bagels were just ok .
it was very disappointing .
my omelet was bland with no seasoning on it .
however , nosh has gone downhill !
the service is terrible .
the bagels are always cold .
we just left today disappointed .
i was craving dairy queen for quite awhile .
it was was so mediocre .
needless to say i will be calling her management .
will not be back here .
this big o is big crap .
you will get screwed !
i also asked to have my tires rotated .
anyway , i'd rather not go back .
fuck you big o assholes .
they wouldn't do what a gas station would do .
avoid big o tires like the plague .
no thanks , i'll take my business elsewhere .
no customer service here .
he didn't even tell me .
looks like i'm going back to starbucks !
almost all gates are broken .
no it wasn't even done .
cant wait till my lease is up .
worst apartment complex i have ever lived in .
then someone broke in and stole my stuff .
never got a bad meal there .
ugh , what a waste .
but if left a bad taste in my mouth .
a restaurant shouldn't be doing this .
if you like authentic mexican food , don't bother .
this was no freakin ' mouse .
ultimately it was removed from our bill .
the worst part is the chimi was very salty .
the beans were terrible .
the salsa was absolutely gross and tasteless .
the lettuce and dressing were pretty good though .
but i just can't eat here .
i just really don't like macayos .
way too much cheese all over everything .
the tortillas are not authentic mexican at all .
for starters , the chips .
a+ they are flavorful but portion size is down .
sad and not worth the money .
i didn't really get into it .
the old macayo 's was much better .
the rice was super dry as well .
i guess macayos is a crap shoot .
service was so slow !
wow , food is very blah .
very disappointed in the quality of the food .
sat on the patio ; dirty !
just had dinner at this location with my boyfriend .
in sum , it was a real shit show .
disappointed in the service we received this weekend .
the food - acceptable .
the service - inept from start to finish .
service was very bad .
bland no taste except the basics .
so not sure what was up tonight .
i have not been in forever .
service is awful and slow .
food is terrible , generic and tasteless .
not enough rice to make a bowl .
the salsa has really gone downhill .
i can't wait for my lease to be up !
many times they don't wan na open !
i'm so pissed i always have problems here !
so i'm pretty much stuck in my apartment complex !
we will not go back .
the fried batter was just about all there was .
it was too sweet and has a horrible aftertaste .
panda garden - not good !
too expensive , poor value !
= not going back !
tip : hot wok mr. cook on warner rd .
fried rice was too oily and lacked flavor .
these dishes lack flavor .
both dishes tasted fried and lacked any real flavors .
even the rice tasted overly wet and tasteless .
terrible staff , rude .
soggy , greasy , bland food .
i email the contact to no response .
never had a problem with staff or food .
maybe more help needs to be hired .
now , soup was no taste at all !
it was very bland .
for chicken , it was okay .
i will probably not coming back .
the hummus was just not tasty at all .
yes you can have too much lemongrass .
thankfully the music became the highlight of the evening .
my wine cellar is the first stop .
for a minute there i was getting thirsty .
i really , really wanted to like this place .
again , a really inattentive server .
unfortunately the 3rd visit was the worst .
are you kidding me ?
we will not return here .
very unfortunate for us and them .
bland , no flavor at all .
the service was really slow .
they were really understaffed .
the manager lady was incredibly rude to me .
the place wasn't really busy .
something went wrong here tonight .
i would advise people to stay away from here .
i am so thrilled to be away from there .
i agree with sharon as the water is horrendous .
i can not believe how much water is .
it does not feel good and they are everywhere .
so that was disappointing as well .
but tonight was it .
talked to the staff and not much there .
just do yourself a favor and avoid this place .
worst example of luxury apartments ever .
i wish you could choose no stars .
but that is not the case .
customer service at it's worst .
seriously , it is the worst .
customer service is a joke .
ridiculous fees all around .
it made getting things accomplished very difficult .
the restaurant however is a mess .
but the last few visits sure were disappointing .
tables were not clean .
but now its really in decline .
high prices , and lower quality .
i wouldn't recommend sending kids here .
i'm very unhappy with this location .
needless to say i'll take my business elsewhere .
what a sub-par dining experience !
that experience wasn't worth the price , though .
not family friendly at all .
we could not even finish it off .
the chicken and the shrimp also tasted bland .
why are we paying that much again ?
our server was so slow .
the food , however , was delicious .
but not worth the prices they charge .
skip ahead a week .
this was a terrible experience .
food was good but service was lacking .
that 's my fault for ignoring the recommendation .
the service was incredibly slow .
please comment and follow me for more reviews !
boy was i wrong .
this will not happen again .
now , i'm a little irritated .
he just walked away .
seriously , get over yourself .
it was extremely rude .
our meal wasn't awful but it wasn't amazing either .
we sure didn't feel welcome .
not at this place !
after our order , our waitress was hardly seen .
the service was slow and the restaurant is dated .
are you kidding me ?
our waitress taylor was the deal breaker for fun .
it was dark and dated in appearance .
not worth it avoid fondue and the melting pot .
we went to our table empty handed .
the table situation was another big miss .
i was very disappointed .
just not very classy .
tables were pretty small too .
the flavor was so bland and disappointing .
the white chocolate portion was delicious .
was celebrating my birthday , the server didn't care .
never poured our wine for us .
it was very pricey though .
i won't be going back .
won't bother to go back .
puff pastry , eggs , and marinara for breakfast ?
seriously no lunch until noon ?
i doubt we'd be back .
last night , i ordered the catfish on special .
last night , they lost a regular customer !
i also came with salsa , which was terrible .
i would not recommend .
our server was lacking friendliness .
was annoyed with our gluten free questions .
this was a restaurant we ate at very frequently .
but she was barely around to ask .
the worst waitress ever .
i can not over state this .
don't even care that the food was fine .
how could you mess those up , right ?
the french fries however weren't bad though .
just plain ole meat cooked on the flat top .
needless to say i didn't finish it .
they've now lost our brunch business .
no don't care about points , no !
overall just not a good feel .
now it is awful !
this is the 2nd bad experience i've had here .
this store is dirty and unorganized with horrible selection .
went in yesterday and just had the worse service .
the thing that stunned me was the hostess .
the restaurant was pretty empty .
the server was not friendly at all .
i received a hot plate with cold food .
he just dropped it off and went away .
usually good but today was terrible .
the place was virtually empty .
no hamburger on this menu .
the food was mediocre .
annoying burnt toast smell the whole time .
guess i don't need to come here again now .
im not the biggest fan of this store .
milk to be expressed .
that i would wait anywhere between 1-2 hours .
i was stuck with products i didn't need .
i was disgusted and offended .
it makes me feel like a criminal or something .
very poor customer service .
they make you feel like your in the wrong .
you told me it was no longer valid .
are you aware of false advertising ?
well , you are .
they act as clueless as you .
the service is atrocious .
not rude , but not really all there .
no cinnamon raisin not even plain ?
these were not tiny lap dogs or service dogs .
wow , unprofessional and extremely poor customer service !
don't reward businesses that treat their customers so poorly !
no acknowledgement of any of it .
two stars because the margaritas were tasty .
the food was horrible .
they were not very good .
the redeeming factor of this restaurant is its patio .
it didn't look too busy .
kudos for the hostesses who were very apologetic .
i was pretty disappointed this time around .
the waitress was a bit of a pain .
nothing special would skip it .
don't get the shrimp tacos !
this restaurant is off my list for good .
the rice was just as bad .
by far one of the worst meals i've had .
the service is terrible .
it was pretty awful .
the cheese crisp was semi cold and soggy .
i will no longer be dining here .
the food is horrible and so is the service .
also ordered a side of sour cream .
overall food was average , bland chain mexican food .
will not be back .
too many other fine mexican restaurants in the area .
but they obviously don't train their bartenders correctly .
i can't eat onions and peppers .
there might be a problem .
probably won't return anytime soon .
prices too high , service too low .
they added their corn in the enchilada .
this is not good mexican food .
my family and i will not be back .
they added their corn in the enchilada .
really slow at the bar for happy hour .
there are literally no options .
it was just a tortilla stuffed with veggies .
i will never visit this place .
but it has definitely gone downhill .
different locations of course .
food pretty good but service was so bad .
the salsa especially was so bland and tasteless .
never will go back .
after that it went downhill .
told the guy she could not eat cheese .
the food is disgusting .
alcohol couldn't even make it better .
extremely mediocre mexican food .
chips weren't fully fried .
my love for on the border is no more .
tiny little bowl that is barely a snack .
barely any beans or rice .
things took a turn for the worse .
this one didn't impress me .
it's hard to ruin pasta .
horrible service at this location .
only one small problem .
not worth the money .
this place is not clean .
however nothing ever looks appetizing .
sadly , not true .
selections don't seem to change much .
this place is full of incompetent barbers .
i recently went to joe 's for a haircut .
the wait was long but stuck it out .
i wear my hair long .
it seems they are getting worse and worse .
that to me is really shady .
are you kidding me ?
worst gel manicure i've ever received .
not coming here again .
i had n't even mentioned my experience .
another woman there was having a worse time .
however my last visit has officially sealed the deal .
terrible customer service store !
went in and no one even acknowledged me .
i would not recommend anyone to this place .
i would not recommend !
i really can't say anything , to be honest .
nothing to write home about .
prices were nice and cheap .
they were fine but absolutely nothing special whatsoever .
the cash and messed my order up .
the beans are all cold .
spend your money somewhere where it will be appreciated .
whether , chinese , mexican , greek .
it wasn't the cleanest place either .
there is no waiter service .
prices were quite reasonable .
i'm not sure if we will return or not .
sadly i won't be going back .
they tasted like rubber just very bland .
well , i'm gon na be honest .
the food is bad .
meat is not the freshest .
the prices are ridiculous .
i took it up and showed the cashier girl .
try burrito company instead .
the meat essentially had no flavor at all .
for me , prices get a thumbs down .
it was disgusting in flavor and texture .
taco bell has better bean and cheese burritos .
this is not truly good , authentic mexican food .
however , thumbs up for customer service .
this is not truly good , authentic mexican food .
however , thumbs up for customer service .
the biggest disappointment was the music selection .
it was terrible and not family friendly music .
i can't imagine coming back .
don't go on taco tuesday .
it's flat out terrible actually .
poor , hard , dry chicken .
i wouldn't serve those beans to my dog .
they must have no clue what mexican food is .
unfortunately the increased size has increased the wait .
is not worth it .
this was my 1st time trying this place out .
salsas are less than o.k .
no sincere apology whatsoever , really crappy service overall .
really disappointed with the service .
but service was bad .
broke ass mexican food at hipster prices .
basically , f this place .
if i could give this zero stars i would .
they also had stopped serving breakfast for some reason .
the manager was not friendly ( never smiles .
and the staff is somewhat inept , if friendly .
something was wrong with his front leg .
first impressions mean everything .
i didn't like the vibe of the place .
a no-frills , no charm grease spoon .
for her to say those things , it's bad .
the pitas are soggy and so are the fries .
thinking he would take my tray i said yes .
the chicken was dry & tasted weird .
we ordered a gyro and a chicago hot dog .
this place is horrible .
service here is just unacceptable .
they could not even make any of them out .
it was easily the worst experience of my life !
it was very posh .
she still should have just told me no .
signed sad but will take my sale elsewhere .
the second sofa was again made very sloppy .
i did not put it on lay away .
than i was told martin the manager said no .
i will never again buy at the room store .
i'm planning on contacting the attorney general and bbb .
that 's not the real issue though .
still no call back from him .
i'm about ready to return it .
nothing like having company over .
they apparently have no desire to do so .
i really hate the way we have been treated .
they couldn't even get that right .
zero stars are what this company deserves .
customer service doesn't exist here .
they won't fix it and now it's virtually worthless .
this probably isn't even real leather .
chairs were cancelled , no problem .
we will not be back .
so glad this place is going under .
nothing but cheap plastic and vinyl junk !
not worth a 1/3 of what we paid for .
worst pedicure i've had .
ample enough time to do a mani/pedi .
there was nothing relaxing about this experience .
i am not going back .
this was a horrible experience .
i dread going into this bank .
this place is awful .
if i could give negative stars i would .
it was freezing cold .
the reception staff is rude and unfriendly .
i'm a really low maintenance client .
i couldnt believe my ears .
all of it lost .
talk about a disaster .
absolutely the worst customer service from the geek squad .
stay away and spend your money elsewhere !
i did not want that phone again .
the geek squad people are even worse .
this is not a lost cause .
customer service here is really odd .
the hardest error to get off a computer !
either way , not cool .
i suggest going to the chandler mall location .
found it , it does not .
just don't you computer repaired at best buy .
my feet were left rough and polish was sloppy .
place looked average clean .
i don't get my nails done a lot .
can't remember the last time i had a manicure .
i will not be going back .
worst place i've never been to .
nails are filled horribly .
i give them negative five stars .
extremely rude staff , poor quality job .
no need for the rude attitude .
the guy was arrogant .
won't be going back .
the pedicure was below average .
i should 've walked then !
don't waste your time here .
kids screaming , ruining up and down the hallways .
do not stay here .
i was very angry .
i am never staying here again .
she gave me attitude whenever i requested fresh linen .
this was not a stay away from home for me.
who cares that i am freezing cold i guess .
seriously what hotel doesn't provide hair dryers anymore .
also , it is very very loud .
it was actually very hard to sleep .
no breakfast served because the food never arrived !
the front of refrigerator was dirty with stuck food .
dirty sticky kitchen area counters .
the room was definitely not cleaned .
reservations apparently mean nothing here .
front desk staff is clueless .
if i could give it less than i would .
woke up to a roach watching me nap .
worst hotel i have stayed in by far .
he didn't even look up from his computer .
my have they changed .
no eye contact no hello .
absolute worst customer service at this store .
couldn't find bath bubbles to save my life !
the customer service counter is a joke !
i purchased a few items and went to checkout .
she did not give me the proper change .
she gave me the change without any apology .
just come here for dropping off packages !
the manager does not know anything about computers .
this is not the first time .
i told her , i know .
i am so stupid .
i wish i would have never went here .
not 11pm , or a few minutes before .
i guess this is the deal for you .
the pizza was also cold , seemed old .
no one has gloves on !
but this place is just not worth the money .
flat and pretty much surrounded my houses .
all in all just a very run down facility .
well this just confirmed by belief .
i scheduled an oil change over a week ago .
really poor customer service .
pretty lame subs and sandwiches .
service was okay but nothing to yelp positively about .
sadly , they both were not good .
i'm not coming back .
my chips taste terrible .
not crunchy at all .
i'm just never coming back again .
the checkout line is long and atrocious .
she walks off and never came back !
however , this store is poorly maintained .
are you kidding me ?
i left without buying anything .
horribly long lines to check out .
too bad no stars isn't an option .
avoid if you can !
the woman was extremely rude .
doesn't matter anymore , they lost a customer .
needless to say i was very dissatisfied .
ive gone here about eight times over a year .
couldn't say enough about how nice these two are .
she didn't even bat an eye about it .
this place has gone downhill so so fast .
they are terrible customer service people .
the last two were awful .
friendly enough , but i will not go back .
to see a crappy band ?
this place was horrible for a last minute drink .
jack 's is probably a good neighborhood drinking hole .
rude service , cold food , watered down drinks .
i wish i could give minus stars .
i've never received a call back .
i don't get the good reviews for this place .
she just missed out on so many things .
she didn't miss charging me , though .
never again will i go this vet .
initial drink service was slow .
and the food was not good , either .
skip that bread too .
it's soggy and stale .
good location , average food , but too expensive .
drink service is slow .
good location , average food , but too expensive .
drink service is slow .
overpriced , and not a good experience .
mozzarella cheese sticks average to good .
pasta bland sauce also .
vegetables first time accompanied that dish not tasty .
wife ordered the worst eggplant she ever tasted .
felt ripped off and very disappointed .
no presentation at all ?
do you not know what oysters rockefeller are ?
otherwise , it's a negative number .
skip it and go somewhere else .
the service was bad .
for the prices they charge i expect more .
the customer service sucked .
however i won't be going back any more .
no warm greeting for us !
they weren't very hot and were pretty soft .
only the drinks were correct .
fool me once shame on me but never again .
i wish i could give no stars .
kind of bland , a little pricey .
nello 's you really let me down .
very bland , poor tasting pizza !
does not live up to the hype !
the crust was thick , chewy and tasteless .
it was a very bad product .
i really don't understand the pizza market in phoenix .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
may come back may not .
i walked out , plain and simple .
as i recall , it was much better .
i hate wasting money on bad food !
i couldn't stop laughing , it was so bizarre .
i have been going to boston market for years .
so tonight i returned .
the manager - dan didn't really seem to care .
now it has fallen below the minimal acceptable standard .
food is nothing to rave about .
the quality of food is no longer there .
now i remember why we stopped coming .
it was very clean but pretty empty .
this store lost a customer .
its mediocre at the very best .
gave ra two chances .
total waste of money .
mom didn't like the soup , as well .
our server appeared shortly after we were sat .
for dessert , we ordered the banana maki .
ra is the worst place to go for sushi .
the hostess was terrible - not inviting at all !
- but our waitress was awesome .
but the veggie tempura was terrible !
it's chain , keep your expectations low .
their rolls are pretty mediocre anyway .
its just not happening .
the sushi wasn't very fresh at all .
a pricy place to grab a bite .
cheap sake , cheap beers , cheap sushi .
would i recommend the sushi ?
the service was horrible .
it was just annoying .
the service could be so much better .
way over priced for less than average sushi .
some of the combos are just gross !
mediocre food and poor service .
i won't be back .
food is barely average and going down hill fast .
the service was not good .
talk about bad service .
this place has awful service .
awful , horrible , terrible service .
she was so rude about it .
why is the service always so bad here ?
slow , inattentive and very lax .
i figured , okay it was a bad night .
what really got me angry ?
what a joke at ray road .
this place is mediocre at best .
the nigiri and rainbow roll was just ok .
the fish wasn't the most flavorful .
the spicy tuna roll was just bad .
it wasn't real spicy tuna !
my husband said they weren't bad .
however , i won't be back .
the waitress we had was not attentive at all .
all i tasted was squeezed lime .
it wasn't very busy .
the service wasn't very good .
the short rib appetizers were bland and very fatty .
the vegetable roll was very bland as well .
bad drinks , bad food , bad service .
it's not worth the time for over price sushi !
you pissed me off beyond repair tonight .
overly pepper short ribs .
like a stale fish smell .
at that point they refused to serve us alcohol .
they will ensure you a terrible time .
why make an appointment if they don't keep it .
i stuck to the tried and true teriyaki chicken .
it really isn't very amazing here , its ok .
the food isn't terrible , it just isn't amazing .
don't bother , there is better chinese in ahwatukee .
try great wok instead .
even the sriracha sauce was bland ?
i got the pad thai and it was dry .
well , it didn't get fix .
not going to eat there anymore .
bad , bad , bad .
i walked out disgusted .
food isn't anything special !
terrible service , stay away from this place .
will not go back again unless calling ahead .
they changed owners recently and the food has suffered .
after this last time i will not be returning .
not at all like it used to be .
no pride in the food .
not worth your money or your time .
unfortunately this place is painfully slow .
tables were not being cleaned after customers left .
go to panda garden guys this place is awful .
then they started quickly going down hill .
won't order takeout or delivery here again .
the pad thai and the ginger shrimp broccoli .
the ginger shrimp broccoli had no flavor .
it was a waste of calories .
i didn't finish it obviously .
hence the reason the flavors were weak .
i'm so mixed on this place .
" the driver doesn't have them . "
absolutely unacceptable and disgusting .
it was clean and the staff were really courteous .
my pho was not really good .
maybe canned soup would be more competition .
do they make canned pho ?
i would order again .
really turned me off .
i'll get my magazines elsewhere .
this place is a rip off .
they were very courteous and apologetic .
the next day i noticed oil on my driveway .
no , i replied .
it's this brake masters that isn't fine .
see why i'm suspicious of the loose bolt issue .
so i mentioned this yelp review .
dry , skimpy and tasteless .
staff seems friendly but nothing stands out .
it seriously sucked no flavor at all .
she didn't greet us or say a word .
still not a word from her .
she was extremely rude !
me being there was such an inconvenience to her .
this location is very skimpy on the food .
i would not recommend this location to anyone .
was just not good today .
just unfriendly and crowded .
but my nightmares about it won't .
shame on gold 's gym .
just say no to this place .
just avoid this place .
not to mention that their facilities are in decline .
overall , very disappointed with the customer service here .
don't waste your time with this gold 's .
scam - false advertising to the max degree .
i would not go to this gym again .
the machines are worn out and old .
this doesn't exist anymore .
i gave it one star because it doesn't exist .
i had such a bad experience here .
i asked for a full set with gel polish .
i was so annoyed .
she did the most horrible job .
worst pedicure and customer service .
huge waste of time and money .
but , i didn't notice a lot of variety .
art , the store manager , is completely incompetent .
the rest of the staff is pretty much clueless .
just for convenience can be very expensive !
the carpet is this yucky commercial low pile stuff .
the 2nd room booked was fine .
got checked in , and went to my room .
not even a pen to write something down .
they are very rude and extremely unprofessional .
i am so disappointed !
what i hate are the fees .
hell yes i do !
bottom line : no tickets .
big fat thumbs down !
what a garbage company .
no directions , no nothing .
maybe i just expect too much anymore ?
i wasn't impressed for a number of reasons .
i did not like the rooms .
there was a baby sink and mirror area .
the beds were mediocre .
arrived and an hour wait just to check-in .
lobby is hot , uncomfortable temp wise .
i won't be back though .
and i can't stop laughing .
very limited menu and as with most places overpriced .
would not stay here again .
i booked a suite for a conference .
only stayed here because the conference was here .
will not be coming back .
this place could be so much better .
the water park is the highlight of this resort .
the room on the other hand was very outdated .
staff was friendly with everyone i encountered .
poor service with staff making terrible decisions .
not enough chairs anywhere to accommodate guests .
the tub didn't drain .
the fridge didn't get cold .
very dated and in need of tlc .
terrible food , terrible service .
the hotel itself is large and spread out .
the outside of the buildings are old and tired .
this is a hard review to write .
the valet people couldn't have been nicer .
posted times were open weekly until 9:30 .
so it's a wash for me .
but it's just not a high end experience .
the rooms are really dated .
ok , starting at the beginning .
- the room was hot .
worst hotel experience ever .
avoid this place at all costs !
trust me you don't want to stay here !
we couldn't bring in juice for our kids .
it was so loud and ridiculous at that hour .
stayed here this past week on business travel .
dirty , stained rooms .
they were completely bad .
stay elsewhere , it's that simple .
please don't stay here .
the water slide and lazy river is not working !
our keys doesn't work when we checked in .
i hate this place .
the room was musty and the food was so-so .
would not recommend this resort .
this property is old and tired .
glad i didn't pay for that either .
checked in at 6:00 to find out was closed .
made brittany refund that charge .
there was absolutely no value to it at all .
avoid if you're on any sort of realistic budget .
my wife and daughter would remain in the car .
the valet demanded my car keys .
it looks like a rear entrance .
11:00 turns and the gate doesn't open .
it just feels very unclean .
just not happy with this experience so far .
but the rooms / cleanliness / etc .
is not up to par .
the staff needs an upgrade .
hotel rooms not so good .
this place is quite outdated .
he was extremely rude .
staff has been rude or non-existent at every turn .
the rooms are outdated and dirty .
the mattress is all springs with no mattress left .
the general building and grounds are tired !
the wave pool was a joke .
the lazy river was always packed with people .
it was way over crowded and downright dangerous .
this place leaves much to be desired .
the staff is incompetent .
very poor customer service .
which is understandable but nothing was done .
no compensation took place .
we were here to celebrate our first anniversary .
we will never spend time or money here again .
this is not one of them .
seriously this place is a ripoff !
umm , just a bad experience here .
don't even want to give one star .
needless to say , that didnt happen .
will not be back !
the bad : lots to list .
property seems extremely understaffed for this price point .
signage is also lacking .
won't be back unfortunately .
don't let the photos fool you !
not a relaxing way to spend spring break .
that 's how bad it was .
for the dough , go to disney .
now for the bad .
so , save your money and eat breakfast elsewhere .
hell to the no .
no massage , no hot towels , lotion nothing .
so they gave me a complimentary mani .
kinda nice gave us a chance to chit chat .
so we are done with that disaster .
such a waste of time and money .
that is so stupid .
the water park was not even all that .
save your money and go elsewhere .
run from this money pit !
the only problem is the huge expense for everything !
the course is in pathetic shape .
it was ok the rooms were clean .
the price was more then our cabana in hawaii .
service at poolside bad .
i was really disappointed in this property .
next , really , there are no luggage carts ?
i was seriously disappointed by this resort .
we checked in at 4:30 and left at 7:30 .
only one tv of the two worked .
the grounds and getting around was very confusing .
room very loud with freeway noise .
over an hour wait for cold sandwiches .
halfway through my week stay .
what a piece of crap .
don't recommend wasting your money here !
it reminded me of a run down embassy suites .
the area of the hotel is not good .
we won't be staying here again .
anyways , the decor is rustic but outdated .
not a fan of ranch ?
worst ribs i've ever paid money for .
well , its pretty bad - very fried .
the side salad and biscuit were decent .
everything that followed was overpriced and nasty .
the steak was not good .
worst service i've ever had .
but the service was painfully slow .
we sit down and our server just sucked .
she completely ruined my experience .
bland , slow , no personality .
too bad , i kind of miss the place .
i've had a better meal at texas roadhouse !
personally i will not go back again .
i'm sick of this place .
this was perhaps , the wrong venue for us .
our meal was atrocious !
i will never repeat this horrid experience .
the food is quite mediocre .
the appetizer was nothing fancy .
my steak had almost no flavor .
not much more to say .
there are better places to spend your money .
not really mountains to me ) .
the pork chop was also very dry .
i've had soo much better before .
it was lacking in all areas of its life .
very marginal food , service , and atmosphere .
food is better elsewhere for the cost .
the meal was not fresh .
the bbq chicken was dry and tough to eat .
the ribs were also dry .
third , the service was the worst .
fourth , the food was mediocre , at best .
not sure but i think the ribs were coyote .
the food was not the greatest .
the food was not the greatest .
bread and butter arrived quickly .
there were two orders for baked potatoes .
we are not likely to return to this restaurant .
why wouldn't they at least salt a nice steak ?
this place is awful .
yes , i'm not making this up .
the food was lukewarm and nothing memorable .
salad wilted and tired .
when advised this was not acceptable .
she was tired and was getting cranky .
it looked just plain nasty .
she says " you only get one . "
then you leave and pass the stinky cow again .
both were very , very poorly prepared .
it had absolutely zero seasoning and tasted like cardboard .
if you want a steak , go elsewhere .
he was pretty clueless .
my burger was overcooked and the bun was hard .
the fries were barely warm .
left hungry & not happy .
both steaks were overcooked !
had n't been there in years .
skip ahead to ordering .
service was mediocre at best .
we tried the rattlesnake with prickly pear cactus fries .
we couldn't even eat it .
i couldn't even see what i was eating .
so sad i can't get my money back .
my dinner went to the trash .
vegetables and sides were awful .
the service is just bad too , rude waitress .
skip the rattlesnake tho .
unless you love breading dipped in ranch dressing .
cactus fries were pretty good .
bartenders just this side of rude .
on such a nice night , no outside seating ?
nope , just as bad .
the band is too loud .
i have no words .
and i don't mean good !
to call this a steakhouse is laughable .
waste of time and money .
dont waste your money .
what a huge disappointment .
the food was terrible !
our guest was too polite to complain .
not worth going to even for the view .
the chicken breast was massive , dry and rubbery .
the place seems worn out and dirty .
food doesn't have any taste .
the waitress and manager very inattentive and rude .
the service is not good at all .
worst service ever for large parties .
i'm sorry but that 's just terrible .
everything else was edible .
i ordered the big burger and was sorely disappointed .
sorry , but at these prices i expect butter .
i could not even cut my steak .
seemed like everything was old and flavorless .
the place is awesome .
every time i get the absolute worse service .
came with vegetables that didn't look terribly healthy .
the salad was watery from too much ranch .
service was slow but adequate .
seriously , do not go here .
the food was inedible , the service was worse .
sadly , it's a shadow of its former self .
this should be a drinks only stop .
way overcooked and dried out .
worst place we've been to in a long time .
would not even give one star .
ridiculous and i'm still hungry .
don't waste your time and money .
views not that great anyways .
be careful of this place .
no separate lines for reservations and for walk ins .
not sure really worth the price .
but really an hour and a half ?
highlight of the meal was the apple pie .
well , food was bad .
no seasoning at all .
dry beef , low end salad .
this is the only review i have ever written .
absolute rip off if you ask me .
view is good , beer selection is poor .
terrible food , terrible service .
glad we didn't wait to be served .
it's no wonder that place has such bad reviews .
it's terribly run , and the food is terrible .
don't waste your money .
i arrived and the restaurant was extremely busy .
neither of the steaks were cooked as ordered .
there was no flavor to this steak .
no , it doesn't taste like chicken .
probably will not be back .
was rather disappointed with the food .
this place is bad all around .
service is not good .
very loud with live music and very mediocre food .
we will not be back !
potatoes are ala carte .
i was not impressed with this establishment .
the overall atmosphere wasn't bad .
it didn't taste like it was seasoned at all .
i wish i had taken some pictures .
very boring , plain , and unappetizing .
i will not be going back .
i don't see us going back again .
don't take full size vehicle .
wait time was atrocious despite lots of empty tables .
serving staff was poorly trained .
i won't try to eat there again .
honestly , this place is the worst .
it was so fatty , flavorless and gross .
straight up the worst food i've ever had .
nothing good about it except for the city view .
hands down worst steak in my life .
the food was overpriced and terrible !
unfortunately we will not return .
also tried the rattlesnake as an appetizer .
ny strip was thick bland and poor quality meat .
all other sides were bad .
the food and the service have really gone downhill .
the waitstaff was not attentive .
all in all , i wouldn't go back .
overall , our dining experience was okay .
it was big but not flavorful .
next time ordered wings and potato skins .
even the pre dinner biscuits and scone were bland .
quickly , things turned from exciting to horrible .
i didn't try it .
the meat was tough and had so much fat .
they were extremely sour as well .
oh and the bathroom was gross .
rattlesnake prepared horrible and the price ridiculous !
salad limp and lukewarm .
however our party was starving .
the bad is the bathrooms .
we will not be back .
it's overpriced and low quality .
my wife 's wings were overcooked and poor tasting .
cool atmosphere but i wouldn't recommend eating here.
there was an hour wait to be seated .
( the drinks were way over priced anyways ! )
the food was absolutely terrible .
this place is considered a steakhouse ?
more like a child care service with mediocre food .
stupid kids running everywhere .
they have a home ranch that is awesome .
the accompanying fried mushrooms were tasty .
the second time around was a joke .
do not wear a tie !
the carrots are overcooked .
their seasoning is lacking and the steak was bland .
needless to say , i'll never be back .
it was pretty disappointing to say the least .
it fell way way short .
it's not for classy people .
there was no taste .
had the worst margarita .
no salt on the rim .
not even in a nice tone !
oh and all booths are empty .
my poor mother is bummed !
i assume it is not fresh .
literally in ten mins everything was out .
this was the worst experience we've had here !
horrible service and just okay food .
after starting out okay , it quickly went downhill .
not sure we'll come back after this experience .
checked this place out after a relative suggested it .
we couldn't even get water refills .
they had an excuse for everything tasting terrible .
complete and total garbage of an experience and restaurant .
steaks were cold , sides were cold .
what an absolutely pathetic excuse for a restaurant .
please spend your money elsewhere .
poor food baked potato not done .
horrible fat filled steak .
beans and fried mushrooms were good .
corn mushy and over cooked .
ordered a filet and was tasteless .
took forever , our table was almost done eating .
asked him to try it but he refused .
poor food baked potato not done .
very disappointed poor quality and poor preparation on food .
these people make me sick .
never again would i put anyone in their hands .
customer service is awful .
the customer service is no service at all .
took forever to get our tab !
they never returned any of my calls for explanation .
awful , awful service .
can not follow directions .
careless , shoddy work .
i am sure there are better choices .
no offer to actually fix it .
i didn't get one .
it was all bubbly and looked awful .
don't bother with this hole .
the service is terrible here .
leave people alone when they eat !
you want italian herbs and cheese bread ?
too slow - drive to another one .
also , i never complain or write reviews .
but i have never had such bad customer service .
place is abandoned and locked down .
worst mcdonald 's in town ?
very disappointed once again .
management needs to overhaul this place !
terrible customer service , so , so rude .
horrible way to run a business .
okay , it's not bad really .
i dont know how this place stayed open .
but it was never anything special .
i was so uncomfortable !
hooters has closed this location , sorry .
i won't be frequenting this establishment any time soon .
thank god i never paid anything to go there .
la fitness does not have any gyms here .
i'm been trying to cancel my membership since november .
so i'm waiting for the manager to call me .
please that is bad business practices .
they do not back up their employees mistakes .
they will not stop calling you .
i wish there were negative stars to give .
save your money and frustration .
however , i don't love the employees .
i won't say i love this location .
it does the job don't get be wrong .
there are no managers .
the worst customer service at front desk .
the people who work here are lazy !
only one server and he was overwhelmed .
service was the worst .
my eggs were raw and strawberries on waffle old .
will not be back .
went into get my brows waxed and was dissatisfied .
no more visits there for me .
i've gone in several times for gel manicures .
my experience mirrors kevin i 's below .
my services were free because i refused to pay .
not because she comped me .
also , my nails were never painted .
my most recent experience was not good .
she was very aggressive with my eyebrow wax .
that 's never happened to me before with waxing .
also , the cash only tip policy is ridiculous .
it's not great like everyone thinks !
both come and i try them with no success .
my computer won't recognize the new battery .
on day three , i call to check in .
two days later , still have not heard back .
nearly two weeks later , i call them back .
can't open on time ?
this place is horrible .
never ever will i go here again .
bad service , bad pedicure .
horrible horrible customer service .
don't use that groupon !
this place is creepy and dirty .
they have horrible reviews .
i had a very bad gut feeling and left .
i did not even get to choose the color .
i really expected more from a salon in ahwatukee .
i do not recommend this place .
well , i was so wrong .
i was not impressed and very disappointed .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
it was very awkward and i felt very uncomfortable .
this is not how you treat someone .
this is the worst baskin robbins i've been to .
that shouldn't be allowed to happen .
our experience at thai basil was sub-par at best .
would have enjoyed a non fried appetizer ?
it's thai how can it be flavorless ?
don't waste your time !
three of us ordered pad thai w/ chicken .
would not recommend this location .
food and service mediocre .
the worst place i have ever been .
worst customer service ever !
very poor customer service .
the waiters were horrible .
worse thai food i had in a while .
no flavor at all had a curry .
i am leaving thai basil incredibly disappointed .
this isn't the first time .
the pad thai was not that good .
the pain was keeping me up at night .
what a waste of time and money .
dr a came highly referred by a co-worker .
i won't charge you for this one .
i will never return here .
i will not take my business there again .
worst service every single time .
horrible service and soggy burger .
the drive-thru at this location is horrible .
then they were extremely short with their responses .
slow service , mediocre food .
apparently the overhead lights in the lobby were out .
my vegetables were overlooked as was my steak .
my daughter 's steak was overlooked as well .
my husband 's burger was overlooked and dry .
we will not be back there again .
it was a weekday and they were terribly understaffed .
i don't know how this place is still open .
also an item was missing from my order .
waited another ten minutes for my food .
no apology , no smile .
lack of urgency for getting orders out .
the service was absolutely horrible .
bad bad bad kfc !
worst location i've ever been !
it was nothing short of trash worthy .
no apology after yelling at me or anything .
bad service mediocre food .
this location was the reason i stopped eating kfc .
the won't sell you just chicken .
won't be going back .
fried chicken with no napkins .
this kfc is worst by far .
the old indian guy working there is rude .
tasted old and it was covered in grease .
it was fucking disgusting .
do not go to this place !
the service is still lousy .
i won't be back .
i don't understand how people can like this place .
the spinach dish was terrible !
the rice desert was not worth mentioning , bland !
food was mediocre and service was abysmal .
chicken tikka masala was flavorless .
samosas were cold on the inside .
dry , overcooked , tasteless and of small quantity .
give it a miss .
i tried the samosas , but again tasteless .
the grilled chicken was dry too .
such a waste of time !
terrible , avoid at all costs .
the owner is rude and clearly they are unsanitary .
tonight , we got the thin crust .
it was the same experience .
this place is slow and the pizza sucks .
she offered garlic bread instead .
alright , i guess .
the sauce has little garlic flies in it .
you should avoid this place at all costs .
get it together , rosati 's .
pizza isn't that complicated of a business .
he couldn't find the lady 's pizza order .
the lady sat down to wait , obviously frustrated .
hey , don't take my word for this .
just kidding , just kidding !
the roast beef sandwich i ordered was tough .
obviously , they have not fixed the problem .
they couldn't even get that right .
way too expensive for what we got .
no explanation no sorry !
really so i'm a liar again .
just another way to get more money .
worst experience ever in renting a car .
extremely disappointed with this location !
my coworker ordered me a large fake turkey sub .
your business should too .
instead he basically said too bad so sad .
i don't expect that but this was unbelievably slow .
worst sandwich i have ever had .
so dry like eating cardboard .
i ordered a turkey sandwich .
are you kidding me ?
jesus christ the employees were slow and rude .
won't waste my money here again .
but the changes weren't just with the food .
i was not impressed with my order .
got so so sick after eating here last night .
it was a horrible experience .
last visits just not the same , obviously .
man , has this place really went downhill .
it's dirty and outdated .
man , has this place really went downhill .
it's dirty and outdated .
a sandwich shop that doesn't have any rolls !
what poor planning and management .
whatever you do , don't rent from these people .
can't wait to move !
that is my biggest complaint here .
and they never solved that problem .
shady shady shady and unprofessional office staff .
turn over monthly in that place .
do not rent take your money somewhere else .
the office staff is the worst part .
if i could give no stars i would .
the 1st time i went for just a milkshake .
drive through quickly at 10:30 in the morning .
not the definition of fast food .
i find it totally ridiculous .
not traditional chinese food .
not worth the money .
the rice was overcooked .
because i got chicken tenders , not chunks .
don't waste your time or money .
3rd time we've tried - 3x bad .
one bite & threw out .
ate few pieces of chicken , couldn't stomach .
i had to spit out several pieces .
sorry , not good at all .
quite bland , watery , dishes .
anyway , it went down from there .
the receptionist maria who scheduled my appt was horrible .
i called in , made an appointment .
now they want to charge me .
make another appointment , take more time off .
ranks are questionable at best .
avoid this location and its owner .
however my protein was no longer on sale .
no courtesy at all .
the repairs weren't fixed very well either .
apartments are n't renovated don't let them fool you .
the cherry wood cabinets are just painted brown .
gates are left open all night long .
this does not appeal to me .
all my experiences have thus far been satisfactory .
i will never be back .
the front office staff were rude and very short .
i did really like the physician however .
the new front office people are terrible .
a sour cream burrito !
a lettuce burrito to chase a sour cream burrito !
cold shredded cheese immediately followed by melted cheese !
one week later , check engine light comes on .
they just don't know it yet .
wasn't ready till the following afternoon .
appointments do nothing here .
not the place for me though !
regular brakes would have been fine .
advised to keep driving and bring back if continues .
the coolant wasn't going through my car at all !
i was so disappointed when going here .
don't waste your time at this place .
this place is a joke and a rip off .
so yeah , i'm pissed at them .
the service there is hit or miss at best !
food is good service is very poor .
i am not a picky person .
and i'm not exaggerating .
that is not the case here .
a shame because it has so much potential .
we asked for napkins twice to no avail .
bored wait staff , no ambience .
they truly don't deserve it !
well that 's not a good sign !
why was it taking so long ?
and the worst part , it wasn't that good .
needless to say we would never come back here .
i do not suggest supporting this establishment .
he made us feel extremely uncomfortable .
for food , i think the place is overrated .
the portion to price ratio is very skimpy .
however , my husband enjoyed his stuffed shells .
our first experience , the service was ridiculously slow .
the manager seemed loud and overbearing .
they left even more annoyed than we did .
however , two chances is all i'm giving .
none of the salads are included with the entrees .
my wife and i went there last friday night .
i am really confused about the difference .
we were less than impressed , unfortunately .
unfortunately , neither one of us were satisfied .
that wasn't the waitresses fault !
prices were even higher than what they were .
snow crab isn't even in season .
the lack of information is incredibly frustrating .
the lack of information and poor service is unacceptable .
don't waste your time or money !
very poor customer service and even worse results .
i could not be more disappointed .
but we didn't know which one it was .
so we guessed and they replaced that tire .
i was given my keys very quickly and thanked .
no more " discount " tire for me .
looking around , customers are not happy !
plenty of employees , no excuse really .
in short , i followed their process .
hence , the the reason i'm writing this review .
i wasted my day .
never gon na buy tires from this place ever .
should have stayed with costco .
discount would not stand behind their failed work .
what good is the appointment if it's not honored .
does anyone expect a lot from a chinese buffet ?
sigh , i don't even know where to begin .
this place was just half ass .
i had a plate of cold food every time .
such a waste of money .
meh , i have had way better !
service staff seemed quite disinterested in actually providing service .
probably had forgotten why .
the last time i went , everything tasted old .
it is a shame that all were so bland .
i will not be back .
the clams and crab were flavorless .
we were very disappointed .
this review is not in regards to the food .
i have been several times and nope it sucks .
the meat taste strange , i mean real strange .
nothing gourmet here , greasy fried food .
save your money and go elsewhere .
not surprised that this place wasn't impressive .
the food was cold or dry and stale .
the salmon sushi had a weird taste to it .
then , he comes back .
i decide i want no part if this scene .
he says i wasted food .
nothing special about this place .
most of it was horrible !
soggy and runny with water dripping out from everywhere .
never again are we going back.
food quality is questionable .
too expensive for what you get .
we won't be going back .
very disappointed in quality of food .
not a good selection of food .
stay away and find some other place .
we ate over half our meals without any refills .
it was barely room temperature .
don't want food poisoning ?
don't go to hong kong !
we went there last night and it was terrible .
everyone got sick and couldn't stomach what we ate .
the food was obviously left out for some time .
we will never return here again .
overly priced , mediocre food .
worst buffet i've ever been to !
it doesn't make sense .
you're probably wondering if they adjusted the prices accordingly .
they refilled the shrimp tempura one time .
they didn't even have any and pepper shrimp .
they didn't have oysters .
the food here is of very cheap quality .
very limited selection for the mongolian bbq .
the food on the buffet was lukewarm .
the food was chewy and just bad overall .
i left merchandise on counter and walked out .
can't price match your own website ?
these people have no conscious !
stay away for any significant service work .
screw all these guys , so dishonest .
will not go back ever .
this is a horrible starbucks !
they consistently mess up and don't compensate for it .
it's very disappointing because we love starbucks !
no suggestion for something else , like what ?
worst starbucks service in the general area .
if you can avoid this location , do it .
the coffee tasted like cheap , burnt beans .
really disappointed with this starbucks .
customer service is extremely lacking .
orders are often wrong .
apologies seem to be in short supply , also .
this girl needs some serious customer service training .
that 's why i asked what you needed .
no apology , nothing .
i left highly annoying .
it seems like customer service is not important here .
she did , in no way rude at all .
really , just disgusting .
after tonight , f -- - del taco !
avoid at all costs .
never seen this before in a restaurant , ever .
left immediately and will not be back .
i may not be back !
that annoyed us so we said never mind .
worst customer service ever !
went to another foot dr. for a second option .
the service is slow and grumpy .
the pizza is thin and chewy and way overpriced .
nothing special tasting about anything served here either .
just like the brick they put in my stomach .
too much time between making the salad and service .
my husband and i could not finish anything .
the service was not that friendly .
the meatballs tasted as if they were frozen .
the pizza crust lacked flavor but was crunchy .
basically , this is mall food court quality stuff .
food here was bland .
this will come back to bite me , hard .
billing office was a complete nightmare .
this is where the trouble starts .
my experience was horrible .
please do not go to see this doctor .
i am not going back there .
this should not be this way .
they won't call me back ever .
why would they ignore me like this .
it just makes me remember how bad they are .
i ordered breakfast , which was just alright .
i abandoned them after a couple of bites .
being they were so bust service was slow .
that could make someone really sick .
i am not sure how this could happen .
how does bad food get out of the kitchen ?
the food wasn't even particularly hot .
the toast was not toasted completely .
maybe lunch would be better ?
what a waste of time and money .
the waitress could care less .
no onion , etc or anything - plain .
worst breakfast i have ever had .
ordered biscuits and gravy with sausage .
was not breakfast sausage but some dry beef stick .
i know this is not disneyland !
it was absolutely ridiculous .
that was an insult .
it's not anything like it use to be .
i like my scrambled eggs done .
won't be going back anymore .
the atmosphere is that of a very noisy cafeteria .
certainly , there are better places for breakfast .
raw chicken is serious .
my visit to this establishment wasn't pleasant .
the kitchen was also slow today .
just can't do it .
what job out there doesn't fit that bill !
albertsons is my closest grocery store .
they don't sell your information .
certificate to show their concern .
the burger was lacking excitement .
bland was the theme of the day here .
the place was dirty and poorly kept .
i'm not sure entirely what was going on here .
the food was not good .
how can a burger be done so wrong ?
it needed to close , this one was bad .
i won't be sending my princess here no longer .
the director is so rude !
she always makes unnecessary comments .
left my # every time .
i had the receipt and requested a price adjustment .
this is the worst of them .
ordered drinks , no problem .
no coming back to this location again .
but i can't fault the waiter for that .
my son 's however was really yummy .
food here is mediocre and tastes super artificial .
where are my caramelized peaches ?
i just had another terrible experience at this cpk .
was there a shortage of bbq sauce today ?
overall , it was a pretty bad meal .
the food was at best bland .
so hats off to you !
bathrooms are extremely disgusting .
the gluten free crust is horrible .
then they gave me another bad order .
then things started going downhill .
but this location always smells like raw sewage inside .
it is an on again off again situation .
this place was not good tonight for several reasons .
i find this annoying .
people are not as friendly as some other places .
i got the gel manicure and the spa pedi .
this is not supposed to happen .
ugh , i'm upset .
worst manicure ever , chipped the next day .
none of my nails were the same shape .
which i must say caused an awkward moment .
i wouldn't return for services .
i had cindy , she may be the owner .
other than that the place was empty .
too bad it's so close to my house .
( except for the lack of selection ! )
slow check out as well !
makeup staff is rude .
i scheduled an appointment with jen for a haircut .
i was trying something new , and getting bangs .
that is not what i got .
isn't that what people always do ?
worst dry cleaners in the valley !
i will never use desert ridge cleaners again .
they have lost another pair of pants .
i will never use this cleaners again .
and the tailor isn't in on weekends .
i'm not sure if they even deserve one star !
i will never go back to this place again .
avoid at all costs .
terrible customer service- calls never returned .
bad service with poor tailoring .
" we will call you " .
the service wasn't all that great either .
quantity - here 's where they really fall behind .
for desert ridge i would suggest another place .
i am never going back .
how could management not see that .
there smoothie tastes like crap .
this was not my first time getting crappy service .
no sense of urgency whatsoever .
will not be back .
this place is gross .
bland tasteless meat , mushy vegetables , plain bread .
i will not be back .
hate not getting any selection at this time .
the portions are very short and just not fresh .
the floor was just as bad .
most likely the worst panda i've ever been in .
the food was hot but didn't seem fresh .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the worst customer service ever .
they never acknowledged me .
horrible customer service , i was never greeted .
all paradise bakeries are busy !
what is wrong with you paradise ?
a croissant that wasn't even toasted .
you have no clue how to make anything .
you clearly can't think this food is good ?
hands down the worst paradise bakery in arizona .
so bad , and i love paradise bakery .
it is the worst paradise bakery in maricopa county .
edible but so stale and chewy .
it was painfully slow .
but now my visits have been disappointing .
i love paradise bakery but this location is terrible .
staff is not great , to say the least .
they are not accommodating .
i was very disappointed .
worst coffee i've literally ever had ever .
really , not even a carrot stick ?
the tuna was watery brown mayonnaise goo .
the ordering setup for this place is extremely awkward .
needless to say i did not make a purchase .
god these guys are so rude .
matt was beyond rude and unhelpful .
however , there hours are great !
more money for my dogs .
one leg was groomed the other three were not .
top of head was halfway done .
was too busy to be bothered with me .
check out clerks seem unhappy .
worst grooming experience ever .
i am definitely not going back there for grooming .
this location for dog grooming is horrible !
the groomers here are super inexperienced .
because the dog groomers here are lazy !
do not get your dog groomed here .
fair warning , do not go here .
my fish tacos had room temp .
and i don't mean that as a compliment .
i am not exaggerating .
i'd probably regret drinking that much anywhere else .
fries greasy and customer service poor .
unfortunately , island isn't up with the times .
food was barely warm and flavorless .
not very flavorful at all .
nothing like i remember .
i probably wouldn't return .
it just looks picked over and sad .
money isn't everything in this world .
worst sales reps ever .
this location gets worse and worse .
verizon store reps used to be helpful .
they said " we have no batteries .
they then suggested i go to batteries plus .
anyway , i called verizon .
why couldn't the employees at desert ridge do this ?
one star is even too much .
one star is even too much .
never been treated so bad !
this place doesn't receive a star .
he was extremely rude and hung up .
don't have very good customer service and don't care .
my moms phone just wouldn't turn on this morning .
and the store manger couldn't fix that day .
but i guess not .
the people helping me didn't get that .
had an unbelievable experience here .
i hate verizon stores .
do not go here and do not trust eric !
go anywhere else and do not listen to eric .
our waitress was slow as hell .
food is average service is not do good .
not worth the price of our meal .
the red onion overwhelmed the salad .
the food is a tad better than okay .
something 's wrong here .
atmosphere is half the rent .
nothing stands out at this pub eatery .
at least the prices were not outrageous .
i will not be returning .
they're gross now and taste frozen .
will not go back !
i have never been treated so rudely .
food mediocre at best and service was awful .
worst customer service ever in the store .
wings , burgers , chicken , french fries .
another chain restaurant with standard , dull american food .
so we thought why not .
will not be going back .
the manager was going around apologizing for delays .
we couldn't leave till 8:30 pm .
he processed our bill and came back .
no , no , and no .
" wow , that looks bad doesn't it ? "
no comment , dead silence .
would not go back for a long time .
really not appetizing and we all left hungry .
i couldn't believe it .
waitress said no problem .
sent it back because i can't eat cheese .
we used a coupon buy one get on free .
this experience should have been better .
there was a very limited selection which was disappointing .
this restaurant really should not exist .
looking annoyed it was taking us so long .
but you have too many .
i was very displeased with the size selections .
if i could give it zero stars i would .
horrible selection , never has my size .
manager was rude and not helpful .
i found it very rude and disrespectful .
sauce didn't mix well with the pasta either .
appetizer : calamari was yummy .
this used to be one of my favorite places .
also the salad isn't great .
and everything else is only fair .
i had the italian trio sampler which was bland .
the dinner was a disaster .
this it third time i have tried this location .
my son ordered fettuccine alfredo with chicken .
my son 's fettuccine alfredo showed up sans chicken .
however , this is the third time .
i am beginning to wonder about the management here .
it feels too fast food .
the food is mediocre .
but this evening was a disaster .
not what i remembered from this place .
what a disappointing birthday dinner .
the food was terrible too .
this was a disappointing item .
the service this time wasn't very good .
paying for the bill took forever as well .
service i wish would be more consistent .
actually worse than awful .
i won't be back .
i most definitely thought wrong !
i was disappointed in our evening out .
at least not the one at desert ridge .
which ill get to more in a minute .
also this entire time we have empty glasses .
the chicken was like chewing a piece of rubber .
the food was awful .
will never go back to this location again .
prosciutto is typically sliced very thin .
i am extremely disappointed because i like the menu .
i can only question : are they understaffed ?
if i could give negative stars , i would !
is this supposed to be funny ?
they were pitiful containers too .
could not get out if there fast enough .
no one needs to put up with this .
i too would give this place negative stars .
my grilled chicken was swimming in grease .
ok super horrible service !
and here is where it all went to hell !
the place was very dead !
they seemed busy but did not get anything done .
but , the long time it took was unreal .
no need to return for overpriced , chain food .
he was very unsure of himself and it showed .
i'd give it negative stars if possible .
she did not finish it .
it was decent but lacked any depth .
they couldn't even do that right .
the baked prosciutto & mozzarella was disgusting .
i tasted rotten - literally .
wait another five minutes to ask for silverware .
it's covered in mushrooms , which i'm allergic to .
and this was not even close .
this is wine not tang .
too little too late .
the bathrooms were filthy and the service was abysmal .
the entire experience was disappointing .
i wouldn't recommend this location .
it was a disaster .
most of the other reviews will support my experience .
don't waste your time or cash here .
the staff there is unprofessional .
i won't be back .
not the worst , not the best .
i just don't get it .
i am constantly disappointed with the food quality .
the burgers are sloppy and not stacked correctly .
the fries were horrible .
dry and tough and tasteless .
even wendy 's or burger king fries are better .
will not go back .
the staff showed little care for their product .
very little customer service .
shame on them for this happening so often !
my iced latte tasted like coffee grounds .
don't know why i continue to go to einstein .
i ordered a turkey sandwich on a thin bagel .
this one is the worst .
he finally gave me my bagel and i left .
the staff is run horribly .
the staff was all wearing dirty shirts .
my wife and i will not be coming back .
it's as if the staff have no training .
cashier would rather chat than move along the line .
i won't be back .
that is not acceptable .
the service today , however , was sub par .
the girl who took my payment didn't greet me .
she did not offer me a receipt .
the bacon was really gross .
no thank you nothing , rude !
it wasn't even that busy .
never had anything bad here .
needless to say it wasn't ready .
cheap as can be .
walked in looked like a senior center .
tables and chairs were very out dated .
we sat down in a booth .
the diner wasn't busy at all .
i don't know why the wait was so long .
the food was ok , service was horrible .
i showed the waitress and she really didn't care .
i sent all the food back .
she walked passed me like four times !
this place failed in my book .
don't waste your money !
i don't know how they stay in business .
they kept pushing me to add all these extras .
the bathrooms are completely disgusting .
i hate shell , and especially danny 's .
i will never go back to just brakes .
so nothing was resolved .
i would still never bring another car there again .
they are extremely unprofessional .
but just brakes was by far the worst !
that is not customer service .
batteries are under the wheel well , yikes .
that had nothing to do with my battery cover .
fool me once but never twice !
had a bad experience here .
the haircut was crap and they don't except cards .
their kitchen closes way too early !
everything inside is boring and dull !
the place needs major major surgery !
there no other way to say it .
dirty , smelly and dark .
yeah , doubt i'll be back .
been there once before , but not my favorite .
sorry i wasted my money with this company .
i was very unimpressed with my visit .
stay away from this pharmacy .
the pharmacy is a nightmare .
cvs just lost another loyal customer .
the absolute worst pharmacy i've ever dealt with .
they give exactly zero cares .
this is the worst pharmacy in the area !
this place has terrible customer service .
might want to think about the people you hire .
i don't expect perfection .
i've never noticed anything standing out good or bad .
and her attitude was not pleasant .
not very happy with it .
not in my case .
both of our appetizers were ok , nothing special .
what a complete disappointment !
apparently i am not getting this place .
i was offered pasta & artichoke .
even the presentation was sloppy .
and from there it went downhill .
i'm not sure exactly how they screwed it up .
over priced with horrible service .
i found myself sadly disappointed with roy 's .
it truly had zero flavor .
made zero effort to make it right .
times are getting better , much better .
it was just appalling .
service was great but the food was terrible .
food was okay , service was bizarre .
our server was completely disinterested .
appetizer never came and the waitress never mentioned it .
unfortunately the food was not that great .
sat outside where it was a beautiful evening .
salmon not cooked thoroughly .
not even any rice or veggies .
awful and won't be returning .
i doubt we will be back .
really bland food , really overpriced .
not , bad per se .
the service was way , way below par .
sadly will think twice about returning .
rice had not flavor and no spice .
you'll save money and have a better meal .
butter fish was awful .
onion rings tasted like cardboard .
they didn't offer to give us another salad .
this time was disappointing .
the caesars salad was wilted and somewhat brown .
horrible experience for my employees and our customers .
they serve me sake wine glass !
everyone of these drinks were just terrible !
this really topped off a pretty disappointing experience .
but the service didn't compare to the food quality .
i was not impressed with the food here .
don't waste your money on this overpriced restaurant .
surprise , surprise - no call .
looks like a converted subway with an actual grill .
my wrap was sad .
this place is just not for me .
was also disappointed they didn't have ice tea made .
just not for me .
i would not step foot in that store again .
i was too lazy to go anywhere else .
their quality is terrible .
also , the artichoke dip , sliders and tacos .
artichoke dip = large jar of mayo .
avoid anything cooked , fried or with a sauce .
didn't realize you could burn dried seaweed .
be careful not to sit next to the kitchen .
raw sewage smell from the bathrooms .
the pretzel sticks were dry and bland .
i didn't try it .
overall it was a lackluster and bland experience .
very large menu , but poor service .
others around us had similar problems .
pf chang 's has nothing to worry about .
very scary episode for me .
avoid this place at all costs .
secondly , their menu selection is pretty limited .
i also tried their pork banh mi sandwich .
this place does not do viet cuisine justice .
the pho was very sub par .
i would not return here again .
* rice noodles in my chicken pho are gummy .
* bean sprouts are brown / old .
* chicken in pho is not fresh .
this is an attempt at pho and vietnamese food .
not a fan of americanized pho .
what a huge disappointment .
they could have cared less .
oh the rice was mushy .
it kind of grossed me out .
the rest just downhill from there .
and the green onions weren't even chopped well .
i can't believe this place has such high ratings !
i just left out of there disappointed !
the beef in the pho was tough .
the boba pearl was under cooked and hard .
not too bad but not what i expected .
went in tonight to try this place out .
it came with wilted bean sprouts , no vegetables !
skimpy on the noodles in the pho bowls .
spring rolls are pretty bad .
probably won't come here again .
i looked around and quickly realized my mistake .
sorry , i'm a poker player .
i'm pretty sick of harkins .
will not go to this theater again !
it was disgusting , nobody cared .
they did not do anything with it .
it does not sound true .
arrogant , unprofessional , disinterested sales people .
useless , disinterested , internet sales people .
i had a questionable experience with this dealership .
they said nothing needed to be done .
i wouldn't even give this dealership one star .
audi north scottsdale literally stole my car from me .
absolutely the worst service in the city .
the experience was lackluster and really uncomfortable at times .
we left angry and disappointed with this dealer .
not one of the original issues !
do not go to this dealership !
no other customers in the showroom !
got some salesperson , don't remember his name .
why would they not know about the extended warranty ?
every time i'm with her it's so frustrating .
i would never come back .
the lines here are also painful .
i threw away the salad after that .
the urgent care here is ridiculous !
there is nothing immediate about this facility .
nothing urgent about this place .
i now avoid this location !
i hate two lane drive thru .
unfortunately i live in the area .
go elsewhere like in n out across the street .
the worst service ever !
that is the worst bull i have ever heard .
do not visit this location !
not really customer service oriented .
this place has terrible customer service .
they were already closed so i couldn't call .
i will not be returning .
hardly any veggies in their entrees .
food is horrible now .
doesn't feel fresh and soup had a smell .
positively the worst chinese food i have ever purchased .
tonight , the atmosphere was flat .
i'm sorry to say , it's our last visit .
even the won tons were terrible .
his healthy choice white meat chicken was not done .
i never get sick !
his healthy choice white meat chicken was not done .
i never get sick !
i highly recommend not using this location .
their service and attitude is horrible .
it won't stay connected to my wifi .
i finally just walked out .
the receptionist is rude .
i was very embarrassed .
crew , it seems a bit shabby and outdated .
so sad , maybe it used to be good ?
the experience they had was way less than pleasant .
that 's too bad .
this outlet lacks good retail shops !
pizza was terrible and i was hungry .
they don't deserve your hard earned money .
you guys don't deserve to have my business .
pizza might be good if it was hot .
no one seems trained at all .
way to reward loyal customers domino 's .
really , avoid this one like the plague !
still won't try the food again .
the food is not very good .
the anthem mcdonald 's is a joke .
it's not a difficult job .
but not this one .
sad as it's the only one close .
i won't be back .
and the wait was beyond ridiculous .
he does not have ethical business practices .
yikes , this food was terrible .
super greasy , tasteless pizza .
not even domino 's .
i wish i could give zero stars .
it was tasteless and soggy .
not to mention it was extremely expensive .
had a random bad smell in restaurant too .
this is not it !
the owner does not seem to like his job .
so she then said they would call me back !
i've had bad pizza before but this was bad .
tough , over cooked , half cold .
the breadsticks were boring and dull .
don't waste your time ordering here .
last time i come to this location ever !
absolutely horrible customer service .
this is the worst starbucks i've ever been to .
bad attitude and no personality .
maybe someone can open a dutch bros in anthem .
the service here is absolutely horrible .
they are so slow .
not what i've seen in other starbucks .
no wonder they closed once already !
bad customer service rude and nasty .
low quality and not very authentic .
this place is disgusting !
manager didn't care at all .
worst customer service ever .
the staff is so rude .
ok , so we tried calling our order in .
i don't understand how this place stays in business !
the service , however , was horrible .
an adequate sports bar if you need one .
food is typical frozen & nothing special .
service sucked and food was mediocre at best .
first , and last visit unfortunately .
first , it was dirty and dingy inside .
i felt dirty just sitting down .
i wish i could rate no stars .
no just more styrofoam .
on the positive , restaurant seems cleaner .
beyond that , restaurant remains subpar .
my order upfront was wrong on three separate occasions .
i won't be frequenting this place in the future .
unfortunate , because i was excited for the change .
hamburger and fries were cold .
i had hopes it would have improved but no .
typical prepared , previously frozen bar food .
keep up the mediocre work guys .
mediocre decor and atmosphere .
this place is still terrible with new ownership .
just a way to get more money !
worst haircut i've ever had !
awful cut and awful experience .
and it was sub par at best .
" no problem , " they say .
just don't bother with this place .
the gas is stupid expensive .
the staff is hit and miss .
some are okay , some are downright apathetic .
unfortunately i echo most of the reviews here .
if you have options don't stop here after 11pm .
not the best location .
no sign or anything explaining that .
the other waitress could have covered up some .
looked like she was going to a club .
restaurant full of smoke when we walked in .
lots of mushrooms but not much meatball .
almost to the point of being too much .
it was cheap but probably won't go back .
come on , don't ruin my favorite pizza place .
i would never go back to this place again .
checked out this place from the groupon last night .
that should not happen with white pizza .
until then , avoid .
it was soo greasy and a bit salty .
the sauce wasn't really all that great either .
service was not very friendly .
place looks like it needs some tlc .
the pizza was thin , cheesy , and greasy .
it was doughy and not very flavorful .
and their wings are horrible .
possibly the worst wings i've ever had .
it's not me , it's you .
much less sauce and cheese on the pie .
won't be going back unfortunately .
all in all , it wasn't a great meal .
unfortunately i ordered pasta .
customer service was meh .
it made for a really awkward dinner .
i probably won't be back though .
we had a disgusting chicken parmigiana hero .
we didn't even finish our slices .
the pizza was garbage .
the place was dead on a friday .
so , i will not be going back.
this time wasn't so good .
the chicken parm hero is soggy .
this is sad excuse for a restaurant .
she said they would honor the groupon .
lousy service with incompetent employees .
very heavy on the cheese and very little sauce .
i will not be going back here .
needless to say we won't be returning .
worst service i've ever had .
and , they charge for rice .
i'd been here before and my experience wasn't bad .
we walked in , it was busy .
all the food looked fucking miserable .
what the shit is wrong here ?
tonight makes me want to change my mind .
i walked in and then straight back out .
this location is trash central .
an absolute embarrassment to the company .
this one does not .
but wow the service here is terrible .
i have no idea why i go back .
all around a pretty horrible experience .
big thumbs down to this place .
they only had one waitress running the entire floor .
there was barely any sauce on the strippers .
it still doesn't feel right .
not a good way to get your guests back !
he was awesome and trained the other servers .
they're clearly struggling to find their way .
too many other choices out there .
not sure we'll be back anytime soon .
sad that this family tradition has faded away .
this place has the worst wings .
according to our server , this happens every monday .
the kitchen just seems to fall apart she says .
this place is poorly managed !
went in to grab some lunch after my haircut .
no one came over or said anything to me .
the drinks were watered down .
the server was horrible .
don't ever go there it's horrible .
& then hung up on me .
it's certainly not because of the staff .
not just once , but several times .
they deserve 4/5 or 5/5 stars .
wow the customer service is super lacking over here .
the remote they gave me came with no batteries .
rude , unhealthy place to stay .
there was nothing for vegetarians .
the food was mediocre at best .
the ambience was better than most .
took forever to get my bill .
i ordered the pho veggies and was sadly disappointed .
the food is not good as i expected .
the food is not quite as good as before .
spring rolls - basic - can't go wrong ?
but there really is an herb called fish mint .
apparently they don't serve it with pho .
admittedly , i was not uber friendly either .
it clearly was not an appointment .
he was really just shooting the shit .
there was no apology for the wait time .
there is no excuse for that .
very rude office staff what there is of it .
don't go see this doctor .
seriously , find somebody else .
do not use these people to finance your vehicle .
i agree stay far far away .
i wasn't that impressed .
the only thing decent here is the prices .
what a big fat fail this place is .
there was no heat in either one .
this place is the absolute worst .
this place totally sucks im going somewhere else .
not user friendly and kind of a scam .
how can you mess up a franchise ?
tater tots are n't too horrid either .
wish i would have just got my money back .
the service here is always super slow .
there is sheer disappointment written on my face .
doesn't stop us from getting our midnight shakes though !
i live close by .
so we asked them to remake it .
bad business and bad services .
i hope they shut this place down !
teriyaki chicken was nothing special .
curry chicken just wasn't good .
almost too big really .
won't be coming back here again .
my chicken was so plain .
it was just teriyaki chicken .
hard to mess up .
just dont go for the food .
same as any fast food chinese place .
would not recommend ever !
then the nightmare was to start .
i've having terrible chest pains and trouble breathing .
worst hospital experience ever .
i wish i could remember his name .
i don't even know where to start !
worst experience of my life here !
bottom line : i wouldn't return to this location !
this place has me fucking furious .
she never came out to the waiting room .
no fucking reason to do what that nurse did .
ridiculously soft and uncomfortable toilet seat is falling off .
this is a hospital .
they just made a quick buck off united healthcare .
sometimes things just never get done .
she was very rude and quick to the point .
but that wasn't the real issue with our visit .
absolutely horrible service treatment !
so i refused the x-ray .
don't you want your script !
he would get better care at home !
the whole banner system is horrible !
hi kristen - i would like to help .
that was the purpose of the wheel chair .
so that made me wait even longer .
they literally didn't do anything .
just asked me what my pain was from 1-10 .
what a waste of time .
everyone in the waiting room was freaking out .
i seriously hate this hospital .
they suck and they don't even care about you .
i rescheduled for 1:30 on a saturday .
the bride and i were kind of put off .
not even an apology or a manager stepping in .
i'm getting married this october .
a huge waste of my drive .
both left very unhappy with experience .
you can't reach a person on the phone .
she was absolutely horrible .
i had a horrible experience with this office .
the concept of time means nothing to this group .
poor service culture here .
dash off to another firm .
first visit here , will not go back .
what an impersonal treatment !
the providers are fine , the staff is horrible .
simply they do not care .
stupid me , i should have moved years ago .
the bacon in my burrito was raw for starters .
there carne asada with more like dog food .
granted , i have been to no whataburger !
and both visits were terrible , in every way .
everyone has bad days .
old , cold and full of mold .
ok , ok i thought to myself .
just kidding , out again .
nope , as long as last time .
and the food was even worse .
terrible customer service at this location .
will never return to this whataburger .
for the money , it doesn't get much better .
this place lacks even mediocre customer service .
our waitress was the worst .
do not eat here .
please don't waste your money here !
don't waste your time or money .
the range hitting area was bare dirt .
absolutely and incredibly absurd !
avoid this course like the plague !
staff were mediocre at best .
the fairways were ok , same with the bunkers .
fairly slow but they did roll true .
worst medical experience i've ever received .
once we sat down to eat .
this place was god awful .
my best advice , just don't go here .
you drop off your clothes .
i wouldn't even iron them let alone wash them .
once you leave you're stuck .
i've already paid and as usual have no receipt .
my " beef " is the food .
it's like printing money .
bad choice on my part ?
i normally tip , but not this time .
eh it's nothing special .
do not use this facility .
not the way to do business .
my appointment was booked and all set .
well what can i say about best hong kong ?
don't go here if you can help it .
the service is terrible .
only thing i like is their barbecue items .
me and my wife had a headache as well .
it was incredible how terrible the bowl was .
there was no rice taste whatsoever .
service is sooo bad !
don't want to go there any more .
also , she seems like impatient when we order .
roasted duck is mediocre .
this was the worst chinese food i've ever had .
i ordered cashew chicken lunch special .
the only thing i touched was the crab puff .
apps were greasy and bland .
if i could i would give it negative stars .
they said no problem bring them by .
very very disappointed with my whole experience with them .
no meat or vegetables at all .
just ramen and a lump of curry paste .
just really surly , unfriendly service .
i'd rather eat anything than this crap .
needless to say it tasted horrible .
but everything just seems off .
looked like just my kind of place .
i would not order sushi here .
the salmon was very not fresh .
the tuna was not fresh .
there was nobody at this place .
the owner isn't as nice as other reviewers said .
they did not even smile .
the very worst part of the meal was paying .
menu not big enough for me .
overall , the food was mediocre .
our service was terrible .
bulgogi : really wasn't good at all .
it blows this place away on all levels .
probably the last time i'm coming here .
the interior of this restaurant needs a renovation badly .
not worth eating out .
i mean , really ?
the lady told her they have no more potato .
just a bad day today .
i taste nothing but salty overly done chicken meat .
wasn't proud of that at all .
the two waitresses were running like crazy .
no booths , uncomfortable tables and chairs .
well , chinese take-out is at least cheap .
rushed me to hospital .
i couldn't talk , walk , or function .
absolute worst feeling in the world .
my feeling is that soup was bad .
there are better korean restaurants around .
can't be all random .
even main dish is lacking ingredients and no taste .
service is so bad .
crazy place never ever had before .
sever is stupid , only one sever .
also food is tasting so bad .
won't come here again .
once again , this dish lacked flavour also .
i know , weird .
both of our dishes tasted less appetizing than usual .
service is where i lost it .
disappointed because i really likes going there !
he lacked in social skills as well .
in my case they never showed .
do not use this company .
the tech came back out stating he screwed up .
this one is awful .
the chicken was old and not fresh .
like previous reviews stated the restaurant is very messy .
there was not a clean table in the restaurant .
but tonight was terrible .
i will not be returning to this location .
service here is horrible .
poor quality and awful management .
this location is terrible .
i wouldn't recommend this location to anyone .
my problem is the employees .
now can't even get money back .
the fries were almost cold and not very tasty .
i was not happy .
i guess it just wasn't my day or something .
i was incredibly disappointed .
not a good nail salon .
there isn't a cash register .
it's just loose money .
unfortunately service at this location is pretty pathetic .
the rice and beans tasted a few days old .
margarita was ok , not much alcohol though .
won't be back to this one at all .
decent place and people but a little run down .
the quality if beans are terrible .
if you like good coffee you don't like starbucks .
buying the upgraded bouquet didn't even last two days .
my general tso 's chicken was pretty nasty !
if i could give negative stars , i would .
they are n't willing to work with you .
they don't care about their customers .
honestly how dumb can you get ?
then the servers just happened to crash .
first thing i did was hang up .
a service fee to pay my freaking bill .
i am very disappointed with this .
i'm very disappointed with them .
the last band did not show up .
this place was terrible .
our bolognese was mediocre at best .
they brought me frozen creme brulee .
only good thing about the evening was the company .
you won't get it here .
the staff wasn't very friendly .
it seems like the place is run by teenagers .
they're not knowledgeable , not helpful and very unfriendly .
avoid them at all costs !
they have the most awkward customer service .
i hardly ever have been greeted properly .
avoid , avoid , avoid .
unfortunately , i will no longer be a customer .
there isn't any customer service .
avoid at all costs .
bad experience , bad customer service .
our old instructor mr brian was awesome .
after that , quit .
the owner is really rude , worst costumer service .
yes is cheaper , but you deserve better .
maybe this is why he is not so busy .
then tried to charge me more money !
the tux did not fit .
the owner was beyond rude !
incredibly unprofessional and talked bad about his previous customers .
he clearly does not appreciate your hard earned money .
trust me you are better off going anywhere else .
i have been going here for years .
i don't get this place .
this has gone to the point of absurd .
this is all according to our health care .
the staff that works there are incompetent as well .
worst experience of my life .
however , the ladies up front are terrible .
our must recent bad experience happened today .
we kept the same appointment time with another physician .
needless to say we left .
oh and the water is very nasty .
the central air seemed not very effective .
i was not liking that too much .
we were very disappointed when we drove up .
the hotel looked really , really old .
do not stay , horrible hotel experience .
avoid at all cost !
there is no such law .
it was old and outdated , and hot !
i sent him away and told him we knew .
i wasn't gon na get shot !
i warn all of you do not go there .
this place is awful .
the pool area was filthy dirty .
the bottom of the pool was also filthy .
dirty , stinks horribly !
couldn't wait to leave .
feels a bit run down and not cared for .
pillows small and lumpy .
the motel is old point blank .
it just wasn't worth what i spent .
the lighting is not the best either .
but still could use a little more tlc .
i could not access any wifi .
shouldn't of done it .
we only stayed two nights .
my husband and i were so tired !
the hallway smelled like wet mold !
my room key didn't work .
they gave me another one that worked , though .
still , a pain in the butt .
oranges , apples , bananas .
not sure why they didn't have regular sized pillows .
overall , it just wasn't a very good experience .
he said that there was nothing he could do .
not a place i would stay again .
the mold and stains on everything .
no dressing on the salad .
older guy running the bar did not care .
he is horrible with customer service .
i can't believe this establishment allows this treatment .
this place is awful .
apparently most people feel the same .
then the a/c went out in our new room .
there is zero customer service .
he said it again with the same nasty tone .
there is just no excuse for this .
obviously , this place does not wash their sheets .
and that is just foul !
not even a " can i help you ?
but plan to wait forever for your car .
i did not buy their tire .
i will not shop there again .
i do not recommend you go here .
the food was ok nothing special .
their hollandaise sauce was sooo salty .
not impressed at all .
the place seems tired .
poached eggs were severely undercooked , muffin was burned .
first , i find a bug in my water .
this place is very unimpressive .
been there twice and food was slow both times .
there was nothing special about my french toast .
it wasn't horrible but it wasn't good either .
the eggs were disgusting , they taste watery .
i did not like it at all .
sure do miss our old good egg .
too bad so sad to say good bye .
also , they no longer do the loyalty cards .
i won't eat and pay for cold food .
just cheap pizza that is good enough to eat .
jimmy and joes pizza blows this away .
he was very defensive .
just received cold pizza and under cooked bread sticks .
when i called , they were rude .
the franchise manager never contacted me .
i guess your manager is just not interested .
it definitely depends on what you are looking for .
don't ever try to return anything to this store .
she has no idea how to listen to patients .
she is the worst dentist i've ever seen .
i said no thanks and walked out .
my office all ordered from this awful place .
all the chicken and pork : overdone .
i will not be ordering from here again .
that 's very odd to me .
they didn't need to be typing away .
still no improvement , i see .
none of them seemed used to being handled .
there is no other way to describe it .
these birds often see no human interaction for days .
worse : employees act like they don't care .
when we walked in , no one greeted us .
overly crowded is putting it mildly .
no animal should be crowded like that .
they usually will not ask you what you need .
this is not the only bird store in mesa .
i hated every second i lived there .
they did not get a drop of urine .
i'm torn with this place .
i couldn't believe it .
and they weren't busy , like at all .
i asked for a supervisor and spoke to manuel .
i am so disappointed .
they did not even asked for these symptoms .
i am so utterly appalled by this facility .
no wonder they always run out .
too bad its the slowest starbucks i've ever visited .
just leaves me feeling frustrated .
step it up and hire some more people already !
not the dishwasher i'm talking about .
really they don't install on the same day !
then tim left me saying he had to leave .
they have one of the worst customer services .
goes off and says let me tell the tech .
this shop in mesa is no different .
stay away from sears auto !
its a freaking oil change .
there is no sense of urgency there for customers .
i just leave after that .
unfortunately i won't be shopping here .
this is that goodwill .
probably never coming back .
place was way understaffed .
there were no table waitresses .
do not make it up as you go .
that to me shows poor customers services .
that would 've been wonderful information to have .
the management needs to start training better here .
will not come back .
staff was of poor quality .
even manager was of no help .
never had a problem .
went there today and was treated like garbage .
rent a car from any other place .
absolutely miserable and frustrating experience .
super annoyed at this experience .
the dr looked he was annoyed to treat me .
call back and wait an hour with no response .
not even an email address from their web page .
the worst you can imagine .
couldn't even be bothered to look up .
sugar attracts more flies than vinegar .
i am not going to see the same doctor .
probably the most unprofessional call i've ever experienced .
she was a bit nicer .
all ra patients are suffering due to his quit .
the staff at this facility is just awful .
we can forward your medical records to them .
this is the worst office to go to .
the staff is unfriendly and unprofessional .
find another dr immediately .
nobody ever died from being nice .
the guy that seated us wasn't personable at all .
food was really bland .
however , the service was awful .
not crispy bacon means the bacon will bend !
but ambiance was not the low spot .
the waitress was rude and obviously poorly trained .
so did not get my soup or salad .
we ate our pies with no drink .
hard to finish without liquid .
chicken fried steak and eggs was my fave .
runny eggs and the steak was pure salt .
she left the receipt without a word .
too bad , losing my favorite morning spot .
very short review , village inn let down today .
this is probably the first time it has happened .
however , no longer will that be the case .
being my birthday i was really craving crepes .
its something i only get on special occasions .
i was really excited to get them .
wait , wait , waiting .
bummer the service is so slow today .
i was in no hurry so i could wait .
my husband refused his sandwich and we left .
the service is pretty slow .
it's kind of busy , but not that busy .
literally cold , watery , and with no flavor .
no second chances here .
so if you are alone don't go here .
good was not good , except for the pie .
no flavor and just weird texture .
he has horrible bedside manner !
this is not the way ordering should work .
anyway , the smell was really nasty .
it was that bad .
but i needed my bill .
my waitress didn't do anything .
however , the service was terrible !
very poor staff training .
however , the service was terrible !
very poor staff training .
chicken was way overlooked .
after all these years the place has gone downhill .
the food was excellent , the service was ridiculous .
seriously , how rude .
hardly a veggie in their food .
the bathrooms are a disaster and dirty .
crab puffs were the only good part of meal .
no one in dining area .
got our drinks quickly .
chicken marsala needed more sauce and mushrooms .
it was too late to order anything else .
not good food or service for the prices .
what a crap experience !
i spoke too soon .
i walked out without being so much as greeted .
never bring your pet to this place .
anyway neither of us will be going back .
anyway neither of us will be going back .
they have no respect for you or your pet .
not even one once of good advice .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
this place is empty for a reason .
first of all , every single barber is slow .
or maybe we're the idiots .
do not go here to get your haircut .
no name tag so i don't know his name .
i suggest albertsons for all meat purchases .
she lacks personality and a tiny customer service smile .
i dread picking up prescription from her .
cheap breakfast that is mediocre .
the service is mediocre .
upon entering the restaurant i had a bad feeling .
no thinly sliced prime rib and no mushrooms .
the check wasn't even brought to the table .
nobody knew how to run the cash register .
pies were the worst i've ever eaten .
crunchy and not ripe whatsoever .
we all got sick from it .
i will never return to this establishment .
the muffin came out quickly and was decent .
the steak was horribly fatty .
she acknowledged that it did not look fresh .
she squeezed out an apology .
the service completely sucked !
i was extremely offended .
they did not call me to let me know .
so i left my scheduled appointment with no massage .
i signed online to schedule an appt .
is closed for renovations this week .
if you want deep tissue , book him .
i will never go to this massage envy again !
i don't care just let me relax !
he didn't even check his temperature .
don't waste your time !
however , most of your employees are extremely rude .
recently i went in with my dog .
i will not be back .
chipped and missing concrete as you walk up .
they are not parent friendly !
there are no female trainers at all .
i was disappointed that there were no weekend hours .
things get fixed fairly quickly .
there is usually a wait , especially in winter .
bland , overpriced , and nothing special .
i'm hoping someone in our party had mashed potatoes .
disappointing especially since were were the first table today .
but this time the salad was not good .
along with , the chicken alfredo was missing something .
but not great to me .
maybe they would 've been better .
he didn't seem to care .
this was a crappy experience .
we will not go back .
service wasnt all that great this time .
man , my visit here was sad .
: ( rosemary chicken needed more sauce as well .
the tiramisu was gross .
seriously worst service i have ever had .
i will not be back !
the food doesn't taste like normal food .
they don't use salt in their pasta .
will not come back .
i will be choosing to spend my money elsewhere .
she seemed very confused by her job .
extremely disappointed with service .
i feel bad for the people working there .
i would hate to work with her .
foods still bomb though .
terrible waitress , she likes to ignore you .
the service is nonexistent .
and whats with the crappy service ? "
no bitch , you need to do your job !
they are n't bright !
this night , sarah served my first beer .
cheap drinks and full of native americans .
this place is not for me .
this place is horrible !
i'm not new to mediterranean food .
tasteless even with the sauce .
so i can't explain the falafel failure .
service is all over the place .
why not treat all of your customers that way ?
inconsistent quality of food .
their selection was incredibly limited .
the food was not memorable .
completely lack of customer service .
other salespeople are just standing there .
doc is not rude , just apathetic .
no apology for poor customer service .
there was no excuse .
my rx is very week .
it was not edible .
golden gate is very disappointing .
the food was thoroughly unremarkable .
it wasn't served with any type of dipping sauce .
they were absolutely artificial and flavorless .
in that , i was not disappointed .
but truly , the food was not good .
even the spicy dishes tasted rather bland .
not like it used to be .
not much to write about my lunch .
probably wont be back .
man this place was so dirty .
huge crumbs all over the floor , dirty plates .
possibly the worst chinese i've ever had .
i can't believe this place had decent yelp reviews .
i feel like a stone cold sucker !
my friend and i were the only ones there .
the food was mediocre .
the rice was cold .
over all , just not a good experience .
would rather have spent so much money elsewhere !
it's not even busy .
i feel so sorry for his employees !
completely absurd customer service !
will be filing a report with the bbb !
this place is the worst !
if i could post no stars , i would !
worse experience at a dr office ever .
wouldn't go back if they paid me .
would highly recommend avoiding at all costs .
rude staff , incompetent nurse practitioner .
don't get anything waxed there .
she didn't listen to my request at all !
i guess i'm better off wearing a hat .
it looked very run down .
so i really needed a fill and color today .
i guess i just don't fit into the mold .
this is very bland , americanized mexican food .
this place looks very dirty .
nothing had much flavor or spice .
i would not come here again .
i was mildly annoyed .
in my opinion this isn't always a good thing .
all i can say is very bland !
she didn't seem to do anything right .
not sure how he is even a mgr .
thank fully i did not get sick .
no refills were offered .
but we won't be back .
thumbs down for this place .
i was craving mexican food .
our selection for tonight was rosita 's .
it was mediocre at best .
dude just needed to listen better .
mexican food ain't fancy food .
he completely ruined my car buying experience .
i'm very disappointed in this place .
would not recommend this place to anyone .
i am contacting the better business bureau .
i wish they were a reputable dealership .
this place is a complete disaster .
she did a terrible job on my hair .
she was incredibly rude also , very arrogant .
what a complete waste of money .
it was neither kung pao or teriyaki .
my eating partner just had an egg drop soup .
it was not over fried .
i did not eat it .
does that also mean not good ?
the food is just too sub-par .
there is nothing here that you want .
could not eat anything that i ordered .
can't believe they stay in business .
waste of time and money .
the pants were replaced on the spot .
you can't button your jacket properly without it !
we began looking at ties , still no greeting .
save your time and money and try another location .
they didn't seem to pick up at that .
no stars from me !
here is where it gets bad .
do you really need to be that desperate ?
only myself and one other customer were there .
these associates are not even at & t trained .
yelp says it opens at 9am .
google says it opens at 10am .
wasted my time there .
i won't waste my precious time going to look .
maybe it's just me , but gross .
the answer was still no .
i'm really not sure how much he heard .
i do not recommend this company .
1st off , , , staff there is stellar .
took hours to get him ready !
this place is horrible !
i was very disappointed .
however ; dee 's wasn't worth my time .
the staff is much friendlier at barry 's too .
bad business all around !
this is a place to stay away from .
i miss fiesta mall .
bubbles of joy is lame .
it was not busy at all .
i waited one minute and nothing .
sorry , but not a fan .
overall i would not recommend this place .
this place is so crowded .
they just replaced the lens with the same script .
the hours clearly say they open at nine .
valentine 's day is not a national holiday .
the staff is the worst part .
they treated me horribly .
they do a horrible job of picking up garbage .
things i never thought would happen , happened .
my advice would be to just not do it .
no cleanliness is applied here .
worst manicure and pedicure experience i have ever had .
i will not have them back !
they won't even respond to my emails .
even for fast food i just can't stomach it .
didn't bother us as much as our burger .
and a friend of mine .
so they scammed me but whatever !
do not visit this location !
the food is extremely inconsistent .
but i'm not going to expect quality .
we probably won't be back .
so sad cause we like sonic .
this is the worst sonic i have been to .
i only got a medium strawberry limeade .
dumped it all out and found lettuce in it .
i'm never coming back here again .
one word for this place - nasty .
worst hamburgers in mesa period !
that 's assuming waste my money at another sonic .
this location will never get my business again .
the worst experience i have ever had anywhere .
what the actual hell .
tater tots are very cold and very old .
diet coke was flat .
my burger wasn't fully cooked , 3/4 pink .
i most likely will not return here .
we arrived around 9:30 a.m. to find empty shelves !
avoid this place at all costs .
sadly , this was the past .
thanks , never would have noticed it otherwise .
now don't get me wrong .
i will not be back !
this is not a way to treat customers .
i wish i could give zero stars .
pizza hut is terrible !
how does that all come out so horrible ?
there are too many other pizza places out there .
2nd was pizza not well done as requested .
was disappointed for the 3rd time in a row .
there will not be a 4th .
the crust was like a pizza stone .
horrible pizza as well as service .
won't be ordering from here again .
the store does nothing to stop this .
i would not go back , very poor value .
food was ok , nothing special .
the dog sat on her lap while they ate .
this place deserves zero stars .
it was very disappointing .
sorry but we will not be back .
worst place ever if you're pregnant .
refuses to make sushi for pregnant women .
at this point , we both lost our appetite .
also there is not enough room around the tables .
then businesses wonder why they are going under .
it tasted like plain ol ' chocolate ice cream .
it was not just hot , but tasted bad .
i visited the location on gilbert and southern tonight .
the place smelled and was dirty .
the food was over priced and tasted bland .
the concrete was okay , nothing special .
this is place will close down before to long .
we will not be coming here in the future .
we were very disappointed when it came .
terrible service and the custard was very runny .
just overall horrible experience and will never go back !
i won't go back .
it's a brioche bun that 's kind of hard .
the iced tea tasted very old and nasty .
also , the " what ? "
that was it , i was done .
no carrying in shooting range , please !
i won't be back .
very disappointed in this business today .
ok i'm sorry , really ?
i won't be back .
i was so disappointed though !
chips and salsa are complimentary .
we will not be coming back .
pale and tasteless , the burrito was very disappointing .
what could go wrong with that , right ?
even their guacamole was bland .
i walked in , ordered some food to go .
worst customer service i have ever received .
the employees didn't stop talking to assist us .
this is the worst starbucks i've ever been to .
i will not be coming back here .
horrible experience at this starbucks , all around .
that 's not what i wanted .
i'm sure they won't mind me taking a look .
what a waste of time .
you are a horrible company !
he doesn't even have the balls to call me .
even machines that work could use maintenance .
come to find out they never canceled the membership .
equipment is old dirty .
to gold 's , no .
( insulting another gym ) .
quite possibly the worst gold 's gym ever .
the layout of the place is terrible , too .
this gym only cares about its numbers .
these places are not exceptional at all .
way overpriced , extreme unhealthy food choices ?
or sitting through 20-30 mins of ads ?
the sound wasn't impressive .
the staff that was there that day was horrible .
they don't move and are super uncomfortable .
their 3d movies seem to be outrageously priced .
probably the last time we visit an amc theater .
because , i frankly don't !
very poor customer service .
won't be going back .
no discounts for students & popcorn was stale !
they actually charge more than harkins !
probably the worst seats i've ever sat in .
my back is still killing me .
smaller theater , late showing .
the movie volume was very low for some reason .
ticket and concession service slow .
not at those prices .
there was nobody there on a friday night .
we won't be going back .
they are not friendly to bigger people .
i rarely ever use another theater , until now .
i can't even leave it down .
no line , no rush to purchase tickets .
sad that i would have to do that .
no apologies or offers to correct their mistake .
such bad customer service at the framing desk .
simply put , they were a customer service disaster .
horrible customer service at this location .
dear michaels : i'm tired of leaving empty handed !
she was acting so inappropriate it was insane !
w walked in and the atmosphere seemed decent too .
the shrimp skewer was overcooked .
they were dry and had very little flavor .
the breading was very heavy and over done .
in all , skip it .
very disappointed and we won't be back !
we ignored them , but probably should have listened .
there is no coleslaw .
can't a girl get a coleslaw around here ?
my husband 's steak and prawns were weak .
overall our only positives were the side salads .
our server was pleasant but very slow .
inspect your gear thoroughly before leaving the shop .
the pastry was stale and hard and lacked flavor .
too bad not one was at the restaurant !
nothing was wilted or sour .
the fruit was in good shape , too .
rolls or bread was pitiful .
can i not have a whole bread stick ?
the people in this store are incredibly rude .
this walgreens literally deserves zero stars .
oh well then just don't bother coming here .
officially switching over to another pharmacy .
the customer service is so poor .
nope you're made to feel like an inconvenience .
our waitress was unfriendly and all business .
no personality at all .
it's a noodle with ricotta cheese in it .
i took one bite and was done .
i recommend getting the chicken marsala though .
second , the service was terrible .
and finally , the food is terrible .
what a waste of time and money .
while the food was decent the service was horrible .
i'm not sure i'd ever go back .
dont waste your time , or money .
this place is mediocre at best .
i shouldn't have to ask for refills .
the food is only ok .
it seems so unsanitary .
it was positively dripping in pesto cream sauce .
really , really unpleasant .
overall a huge disappointment .
i will not go back there again .
talk about overpriced and not very good .
i would never go back to this place .
chopped antipasto salad and it's not chopped very well .
sorry ; wish it was more exciting .
ha food was good service horrible .
now i remember why i don't come here .
if that was the case , i would have .
not a very good take out experience .
would not suggest take out from buca .
one of the worst dining experiences i've ever had .
i won't be back .
chicken parm was bland .
the waiter brought our drinks and some house bread .
we had the chicken parmesan , which was good .
spend your money elsewhere on a better italian food .
worse than the food .
dont spend your money in this chain .
don't waste your time here .
restaurant felt dirty and definitely lack luster .
weird sewer smell and dusty everywhere .
unfortunate because it used to be pretty good .
will not be back .
all the pastas were overcooked and overpriced .
there is no way i will be back !
family style dining not really my thing .
service was okay , overall disappointing .
the service was horrible and the food worse .
the baked ziti was overcooked and lacked flavor .
it tasted like nothing .
severely disappointed in this place .
food is so bland that couldnt finish eating it .
service was not good either .
my husband and i were very disappointed !
the fettuccine alfredo was the worst .
noodles over cooked and flavorless .
service was marginal as well .
i will never visit a buca again .
server was friendly but the place was overly priced .
sorry but will not be returning .
terrible service , ok food , and pathetic presentation .
just came here for mothers day pickup for catering .
i am going to cook burgers .
forget these clowns on a holiday .
it is a sure fire disaster .
this place is dirty and the food was horrible .
they probably wouldn't pass a health department inspection .
the pasta and chicken dishes were bland and tasteless .
it is processed crap .
plus the alfredo sauce was laughable .
very , very disappointed .
their desserts are just stupid large .
the chicken parm is inconsistent from visit to visit .
horrible " food " !
took one bite and knew instantly it was frozen .
it's not very clean or organized .
most petsmart 's are the same unfortunately .
so that visit was so-so .
there should be for groomers as well .
banfield costumer service is terrible .
no care or compassion at all .
never dealing with petsmart again .
they've really gone downhill in recent years .
was petsmart taken over by new ownership ?
did petsmart forget they have competition ?
my waitress said no .
i will not be back .
the restaurants are always crowded and very loud .
they are always fall of the bone tender .
also , their wait is never bad .
oh , get rid of the cinnamon butter .
the big problem were the ribs for me .
not the worst but i have definitely seen better .
although , the group selected afterwards were seated promptly .
the vegetable serving was completely overcooked .
this is my 3rd bad experience at this location .
idiots cant cook a steak to save their lives .
it looked like it might have been dropped .
this is my 3rd bad experience at this location .
a big no no on restaurant nightmares .
they would not seat my girlfriend until i arrived .
salad had too much dressing on it .
my prime rib was just ok .
worst customer service by a manager !
doesn't value paying customers !
tonight was one of those nights .
ate it all , then came the entree .
no one got their steaks cooked correctly .
she sent gets back .
this restaurant must have stock in blood pressure meds .
sorry , texas roadhouse .
you'd already lost most of my family and friends .
no free food , no nothing .
needless to say we went somewhere else .
if it was super busy i would have understand .
i will not be coming back to texas roadhouse .
the green beans i simply didn't like .
they were also too salty to eat .
it was just salty corn in salty oily liquid .
i would not recommend the texas roadhouse to friends .
customer service is lacking .
when she brought them , they were cold again .
the service last night was very disappointing .
i ended up cleaning with a wet napkin .
the mashed potatoes were cold also .
the butter corn was luke warm .
it didn't work out that way however .
our waiter had the personality of a cardboard box .
save yourself the frustration and hassle .
shame on you and your poor customer service .
no call no credit !
leaving this month to poor service .
customer service from courtney and amanda are horrible .
in other words most of the food was cold .
i wish i could get that meal back .
it looked like an old run down hometown buffet .
they are stealing your money !
how are placing like this allowed to be open ?
almost every chair was ripped and torn .
hot foods were warm .
doesn't make sense in my book !
i so want to like this place .
bagels were stale and blah as usual .
just don't come here , they don't deserve you .
the service will be horrible .
you have been warned .
customer service is nonexistent here .
employees are not friendly at all .
not a difficult order and not a busy time .
the customer service sucks even more than the selection .
they could do no wrong in my eyes .
if possible , i would have rated no stars .
are you kidding me ?
spend a little more money and stay somewhere else .
this place is gross , and smelly .
this place is disgusting to say the least !
the bathroom clearly had not been cleaned .
however , the beds were comfy .
he listened , looked at all photos .
no stars should be given !
i'm not a fan of buffets .
so , why did i go here ?
mmmmmm , chicken strips .
went with the lowest expectations and wasn't disappointed .
the clam chowder was ok .
this place doesn't have much to choose from .
waitresses take too long to clean up dirty tables .
beverage area was always dirty .
and no beef selection .
it just was not a good dining experience .
freakin ' hibachi grill has way more selection .
no chicken enchiladas here .
they are n't next to the right food .
hubby said the pizza wasn't good .
my chocolate cake was very stale .
we got some food sat down and ate .
we were not thrilled .
the food was dry and cold .
more food was out and it was better .
i would not recommend going there .
very disappointed we all felt very ill after leaving .
my husband took one bite and it was bloody .
the food smells bad and looks even worse .
even my boys who all love food barely ate .
so disappointing for how much we paid !
threw was no white meat fried or baked chicken .
the turkey was not worth the wait .
unfortunately , they may never be able to return .
-the maze is gigantic .
the arcade is small and the food is terrible .
which is not what was said .
i will not be going back .
they are not the only game in town anymore .
that usually is a horrible experience .
they were bad and hard .
and my chicken was burnt and dry and overcooked .
sadly , we were quite disappointed .
all of ours were cold .
finally , all of us except my husband left .
it wasn't even a crowded night .
ate at the bar on a sunday after work .
the manager just didn't seem to care about anything .
i won't rush back .
i was not happy .
she gave me my limeade free of charge .
i won't be going back to this location again .
tonight was definitely not their night .
bathrooms are a mess .
service was terrible and slow .
the place was almost empty .
do not recommend this restaurant .
it's gone downhill since then .
he yelled at the customer and was extremely disrespectful .
cream cheese sushi = not cool .
did not get what we ordered .
i do not recommend to anyone .
the bread seemed old and tasted stale .
finally their fries were a disappointment .
the inside trash was overflowing .
the food though , is not so fantastic .
both tasted deep fried , which is totally weird .
it wasn't great , but it wasn't horrible .
for the cost , i felt cheated .
honestly , i will not go here again .
my biggest beef the music was ridiculously loud !
that was the only good thing about this place .
they were dry , over done and cold .
first , no fresh fish menu .
pretty fishy , but that is to be expected .
the cooked dishes were forgettable , but not terrible .
ok ; here is my input .
every watch that chef on iron chef ?
it was a huge disappointment .
however , all where average to poor .
one of the servers barely spoke any english .
none of us ordered sushi .
no one was complementary about their meal .
the sushi did not taste very good .
it was only about a few tables busy .
poor guy was so tired of waiting .
she quickly said sorry but not very sincerely .
will not go back .
i'd rather go to tempura sushi bar instead .
i will never go their again !
this place sucks will not suggest to anyone !
won't be going back .
the menu looked like it had several great options .
the vegas roll was drenched in soy sauce .
i was very disappointed .
terrible , horrible , awful !
which was not discussed at my lease signing .
they turned off my water without notice .
no one said hello or offered to help us .
i don't like tomatoes .
ugh f me and my burrito cravings .
neither one was anything special .
the salsa bar was a mess .
tables were a mess .
i won't be going back .
i will not be returning .
it was just okay , but not great .
in all my years , i'd not experienced it .
could this place be anymore crowded ?
even then there is no order to checking out .
bad check out experiences every time i come here .
but today was exceptionally bad .
anyone else ripped off by them ?
do not give them any of your money !
next time i will take my new dog elsewhere .
ill never take my dog to this location again !
this place is ridiculous .
if you go , have the bread and leave !
not good when the wife is looking for drinks .
when we arrived , the place was mostly empty .
very disappointing , bland food , burnt pizza crust .
tonight we dined on pasta and ass .
the food was completely bland .
my pasta came burnt ( crispy noodles ! )
skip this place for sure !
this wasn't a horrible dining experience .
but it certainly wasn't fantastic .
it just wasn't great .
never saw the manager to check on us .
and should have been served warm .
the stuffed mushrooms were just boring .
he said it was terrible .
there was no apology .
too bad they had no flavor .
it was such a shame .
well tonight was not a good experience .
in fact , it sucked .
after taking our drink orders she just walked away .
once again , she offered no specials or recommendations .
their standards have fallen considerably .
first of all the place looks somewhat dingy .
it was totally bland .
we couldn't get out of there fast enough .
when we left the place was virtually empty .
drinks were never refilled .
no water was ever refilled .
service is poor and food quality is just okay .
went here to eat tonight for dinner .
now , this crap is garbage .
this one is garbage and their food sucks .
first clue , very slow service .
entrees were at best terrible .
my side of spaghetti was cold .
not just not hot or warm , cold .
it was like eating wet cardboard .
the parmesan crusted chicken salad .
that is just inexcusable .
after our order was taken everything was terrible .
tables throughout were left dirty and disgusting .
let me stress i will never be back .
this was rude and ridiculous .
thanks for nothing and for charging us .
they're doing nothing but losing money .
cold food and indifferent service .
not a fan of panda express .
portion size very little at this panda .
panda express , i wish i could quit you !
same thing happened the last time i was here .
do not eat at this location .
go away this is all we have .
too many options in this area .
waiter : " well thats our sauce .
me : " no .
it isnt just tomato .
i wasn't planning on letting them trash the place .
but the customer service is awful .
i will not be going back .
waste of time , but fine .
is this some sort of sick joke ?
she was so rude !
the price i'm paying isn't that great either .
my experience here has been horrible .
i have adopted a few dogs before .
i was a little irritated at this point .
that 's not the issue .
took ten minutes to be greeted by wait staff .
wouldn't be surprised if this one closed soon .
avoid this location at all costs .
odd , i thought this was grilled shrimp .
the phone call did not go well .
( grilled chipotle shrimp salad ? )
not great , but not bad .
so i sent an email .
overall , completely terrible .
it was a tuesday night , practically empty .
all around a disappointing visit .
but today our service was beyond horrible .
do not eat here .
our waiter wasn't attentive at all .
this is not a well run location .
and our service was slow .
very disappointed in chilis .
this entire meal was so not worth it .
i ordered catering twice this week at this location .
this location was messy , unorganized and unapologetic .
and the food sucked !
i won't go back .
i stood around for awhile .
so i ended up buying a more expensive model .
doesn't office max deal in computers ?
this store is not organized well .
complete waste of time .
i just know i'm not shopping there again .
poor customer service was an understatement for this store .
again , with a very rude tone .
i've never been treated this way at a starbucks .
she didn't even apologized .
worst coffee and service ever .
i'm running out of starbucks to go to .
this business just lost my business .
third strike and they're out .
hey , it's not his fault .
please avoid this place .
mean employees that were literally yelling at drivers .
very disappointed in wash results .
worst car wash i've ever had !
paid top dollar for shampoo full interior and wax .
never had such horrible service anywhere .
that 's not what i asked for .
left the broken piece just sitting there .
he never gave me my money back either !
never offered me a car wash in the future .
they tried hard sale upgrades from the jump .
and they backed off .
don't u wipe the interior ?
oil change guys , not so much !
worst so called wash ever !
no call that it was finished .
they did a terrible job !
they ripped us off .
not even worth my time or money .
poor service and poor wash job .
will not be back .
i ordered oven roasted herb chicken .
it's very dark , too dark for my taste .
unfortunately , we felt ignored by the staff .
i ordered the ribeye special .
and it was crap .
the service that was once so amazing , sucked .
i will not be going back .
shouldn't he be worried ?
draft beers weren't even cold .
not impressed one bit .
they seem to be accommodating to the handicapped though .
we had dinner here last night and were disappointed .
he did not return with a cloth or anything .
did not even eat left ruining our night .
find another place to get your wings .
it wasn't horrible but it was strange .
hot and ready pizza ?
not at this location .
calling ahead doesn't help either .
unless it's late at night .
don't walk , run from these apartments .
my apartment was not clean when i moved in !
the place is a shit hole .
run down , everything is out dated .
but anything that came from the office was garbage !
would not recommend them to anyone .
i really didn't like the tacos .
my experience was very different .
the service was nothing exceptional .
for breakfast so how could we go wrong ?
the staff was as friendly as could be .
it was a sunday , people were chatting .
bacon cheeseburger , fries and coke .
not even close , but their prices are close .
are the winners in taste , value and price .
but a little below average .
burgers top bun was very hard .
did seem giant too me .
nothing special going on here .
will not be going back ever .
floors , tables , etc are dirty and gross .
burger was nothing special .
fries were ok but not hot enough .
bad service and burgers are not that good .
way to much money for that !
most likely i will not be returning !
very disappointed in the customer service i received .
it seems like common sense to me .
not a pleasant experience this saturday morning .
this monday i found my car is dripping oil .
i can not believe that .
i'm sorry , but wtf .
there 's no service .
maybe a return visit on a tuesday in july .
toppings are only done in 1/2 .
the pizza is not even worth eating , imo .
the beer and wine is cheap .
and then they cheated on the toppings too .
but the food is terrible .
the food is not good .
it wasn't bad but could have used more sauce .
it could be a little awkward .
i didn't know you could screw that up .
the pizza was mediocre at best .
the room was crowded .
his entire arm was covered in american flag tattoos .
wait staff at the front counter were awful !
not kid friendly in menu choices @ drink counter .
pizza is below average & over priced .
the organ is the obvious highlight .
the pizza wasn't bad .
let me just say this was not my thing .
( wow , possibly worst description ever .
peter piper pizza has better food than this place .
there was no redeeming quality in anything we ordered .
i won't be back .
plus the way you order is a mess .
the pizza was some weird and mixture of blah .
unfortunately , it's not always enough .
the food is overpriced and very sub-par .
not allowed to wait in the building at all .
queens pizza and the waitstaff was awesome .
wait in another line to order your drinks .
sad to have a musician get a power trip .
it wasn't worth the noise and the people .
not going back , i think .
this management company is horrible .
dead plants are not being replaced .
there is no sense of customer service at all .
the clean up service outside is horrible !
the maintenance was nice but lazy .
this place is horrible !
biggest mistake ive ever made .
nothing in our apartment is updated .
they were talking poorly of customers .
i do not recommend this store .
there is tolerable people there .
won't be going back .
now not one good item !
the store wasn't even packed either !
i really wouldn't even give this place one star !
either way i'm not returning !
that didn't sit well with us .
very disrespectful and rude .
i wouldn't send my worst enemy there .
the front desk staff are very disorganized .
if i could leave no stars , i would !
i hate this place !
i left a terrible review .
the worst place i've ever encountered in my life .
worst health care facility i have ever been to .
i have no heat until wednesday .
owner is not willing to do anything about it .
however , not so much .
i would avoid this place at all costs .
i spoke too soon .
avoid at all costs .
her sense of urgency is very poor .
whatever your bag is , they can make it .
the 1st time i ate here .
my friends chicken strips tasted like sausage .
the strips were replaced with chicken tasting chicken .
they gave me guacamole in a small paper cup .
my friend noticed that i got the wrong size .
next time i will spend more money .
i will never ever return to this whataburger !
the food isn't too bad for bar food .
that 's where it goes down hill .
the wait staff there favors the larger groups .
he's like there 's no fee .
wish i could give no stars .
made me feel sick to my stomach .
it's definitely not for the younger scene .
the darts don't stick and are broken .
they just take up room .
this still doesn't excuse them for selling crap .
even the ingredients were terrible .
low quality bread cheese n pepperoni .
go to oregano 's instead .
so , so gross .
don't waste you're time or your money .
awful wings , filthy tables .
not great , but not bad .
friendly , but painfully slow .
i felt abandoned many times .
in a word : depressing .
too many other good choices around town .
this is so not acceptable .
boy was i wrong .
this place is gross !
i am shocked and disgusted !
first noticeable thing was the smell .
fries were a little soggy but fish good .
not helpful or smiley .
- place was disgusting .
no ambience , not hip at all .
no smile , not friendly .
- our chicken strips came out burnt .
it was not the bartenders shift .
he was there sitting as a patron with friends .
i was so disappointed .
and then just transferred our call .
everytime ive come to this native , it sucks .
the servers are never attentive , food is mediocre .
tonight was an extreme disappointment !
only gave two stars because of his customer service .
this location is pretty crappy .
not impressed at all .
this location was very dirty ( i.e .
the table chairs are narrow and uncomfortable .
service was just o.k .
the food is too salty and greasy .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
last week was our first visit to native .
from there it went downhill very fast .
how rude and how ridiculous .
this has to be the worst native .
worst native i've ever seen .
avoid them at all costs !
drove out of our way to visit this establishment .
not to mention the coffee was burnt !
i am so disappointed .
don't care for the service here .
this is the worst starbucks place for internet .
it's very , very slow .
i've been here twice , and never again .
customer service was terrible .
worst starbucks i've ever been to .
this place is terrible .
my next phone , i will buy online .
absolute worst service over phone .
trying another store instead .
extremely rude , unfriendly bunch they have over there .
unfortunately that was not what happened at the store .
changing my phone plan was nothing less then torture .
they've lied to me every time i've been here .
what terrible customer service .
it was too long and made with cloth .
my daughter was a little bit busy getting married .
in addition she was rude .
we probably won't be back anytime soon .
boy was i wrong .
it's kind of sad , really .
it completely ruined the burger .
nothing could cover up that horrific taste .
they try , i'll give em that .
waitress constantly ignored our table .
not cool when you have three little kids .
my husband and i visited here for lunch today .
really , i felt like crying .
i don't get why everyone praises this place .
food was ok , service was ok .
and now , they are terrible !
opt for the rib tips instead .
burger and fries were cold .
there was nothing that was yumm about it .
a regular burger shouldn't take that long .
a server called in sick .
this place is disgusting .
took one bite and i couldn't continue eating .
the changes are , sadly , not good .
they never ate at red robin .
uncooked vegetables in the soup .
it was my worst experience in a restaurant .
are n't they special .
the food was slow and dry .
i wish i would have taken a picture .
i will not be back .
for some reason this red robin isn't good .
no wait to be seated .
wish i could give zero stars .
the only pro is the price .
wasn't even able to get into my scheduled appointment .
the ladies at the desk were straight up rude .
awful place , don't take your pet there .
and its really zero stars , just not available !
there was no need to operate on him !
there is trash everywhere and everything is rundown .
or they just don't give a shit .
it's always busy , with never enough cashiers .
i wish the staff here cared more .
worst services i have ever experienced !
total assholes , worst customer services i ever experienced !
i hate this walmart with everything in me !
the service is horrific !
ruined my whole day !
this place is awful .
then walmart was about the customer .
not good customer service at all .
it's just plain awful .
i hate getting stuck in this line .
the worst experience of my life .
don't feel safe at this walmart .
people are beyond rude .
the pharmacy is slow !
and the staff is rude !
at this point i am so frustrated !
without us there is no pay check for you !
i have n't even put my order in .
ugh , i feel so bad .
people there are just horrible !
we will not be back .
will not visit again .
the bread reminded me of elementary school lunch .
this place just lost a few customers .
the customer service was awful !
i didn't even taste the cheese .
the food isn't terrible .
but it also isn't as good as jimmy johns .
this one guy behind the kitchen window never smiles .
ordered a tuna sub and one bite .
it was so dry .
poor all the way around .
this place was my living nightmare .
it makes me frustrated to even think about it .
why must i know these things ?
the sound isn't even my biggest issue .
worst renting experience of my life .
despite contacting management , nothing changed .
but i suppose i should mention the bowling alley .
crappy video game selection .
this was my first time to this particular alley .
they should have closed this one instead .
there were not too many people that night .
they raised all of their prices august 1st .
under staffed terrible service .
if you want a beer your forget it .
i will never return to this awful location .
snack bar is over priced and below average .
there was clear disappointment on his face .
they don't wear gloves .
huge cheese all over my sandwich .
this is your typical burger king .
it was overcooked , and too salty .
they are never helpful .
i have no problems with the staff here .
so annoying and such a waste of my time .
they did none of the above .
they didn't and i am talking to my attorney .
clearly i would like to tan : ) .
too many other amazing competitors in my neighbor .
i switched to beach house tanning on gilbert .
this review has nothing to do with the employees .
monday rolls around and no refund .
horrible experience with this target .
this store has burned me for the last time .
rude and condescending front end manger .
was not able to find shoes .
there were no shoes we could purchase .
i probably wouldn't stay here again .
worst hotel experience ever .
she did however miss a significant portion .
but he never told me anything when i left .
do not come here bad service and liars !
repaired a tire that should not have been repaired .
lost the nut that holds my spare .
their prices are extremely inflated !
do not go here if you have questions !
so i went on with my question .
i will never walk into that store again .
they said they only have deals monday through wednesday .
literally the worst customer service !
this store is not professional and very rude !
what i got was pizza swimming in sauce !
you're better off doing carry out .
and i was trained by real chinese chefs .
anyways , enough about me disappointing experience .
the worst " chinese food " i ever ate .
definitely the worse place i have ever been to .
very unprofessional and rude people .
not only that but he looked unprofessional .
very long wait times .
place was dirty , very unorganized .
very unorganized and lack of communication amongst the staff .
poor , poor customer service .
unfortunately , the sprint employee was wrong .
seriously such a crappy place .
they all sit around and do nothing .
this place makes me sick !
they won't treat me .
they wouldn't look at it .
wasted my time and money for a 3rd time .
they don't even take blood pressure correctly .
unethical , unprofessional , and just plain rude .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
i would highly recommend him .
my doctor isn't my complaint , however .
my complaint is getting an appointment .
if i could give zero stars i would .
there is no reason for such excessive hold times .
staff on the phone was very short and unpleasant .
this place is completely frustrating .
they clearly don't care .
don't go to this office .
that 's not the worst part .
i was prescribed the wrong medication .
i would strongly advice to stay away !
isn't that why you opened your doors ?
boy was i wrong !
i will not be going back !
i left another voicemail for her .
this is not a family medical facility .
more like an urgent care facility at best .
less than impressed on my first visit .
i will never use this walgreens pharmacy again .
said it was much better and would last longer .
they also give really bad nail jobs .
central location , awful execution of ice cream creations .
i used to shop there frequently .
the prices were competitive and the employees were helpful .
the employees are rude and unfriendly .
i would actually give this place zero stars .
she said i was gone for hours .
i will not be back .
it's way past its prime .
feels more like a walmart .
i wish to never come across her customer service .
a little understanding and customer service would be nice .
seriously the worst experience ever .
we left a call back number , etc .
good food but poor management .
chicken sandwich is a joke .
size of a kids burger and horrible value .
thumbs down this time .
brandon will never eat there again .
it tasted like it was fried in old oil .
it won't be a huge loss , either .
don't waste your time here .
business must be slow .
this place was horrible .
so am not shopping there again !
i instead ended up in the electronics .
i would stay away from this location .
enterprise was supposed to pick me up around 8am .
big inconvenience and they've now lost my business .
and i'm the only person here .
that 's pretty lousy service .
no star at all !
this is not acceptable to me .
that left a bad taste in my mouth .
they are you equivalent competitor are n't they ?
this has changed however , after visiting this location .
what i didn't expect was a bad burger .
at this location however , it was terrible .
seriously , it was bad .
the bacon one of course was a dollar more .
potatoes were frozen from a bag , not fresh .
the mashed potatoes were good , i ate those .
disappointed , but not a deal breaker .
i'm so disgusted by this place .
went before a ball game for a late breakfast .
the food is horrible .
horrible service , extremely slow and unfriendly .
don't the owners care ?
let 's start with the horrible flies !
still will not be back .
the server was told , and nothing done !
will not be back !
making us feel uncomfortable .
everything after that was awful .
not worth the aggravation or time !
this was not a good experience .
save yourself the trouble go somewhere else .
she continued to clean and not acknowledge my presence .
there were no real pillows in our room .
i sent an e-mail to management .
it's been ignored so far .
the suite was very small .
terrible , terrible , terrible customer service .
ill be taking my business elsewhere .
i think she was just being lazy .
hundreds of dollars was wasted .
only after that did they refund the money .
i understand the mistake , it happens .
no one said anything to us .
we will not adjust your bill . "
no conditioner or lotion ?
no problem , i thought .
i would never recommend this store .
selection was good but customer service was horrible .
just don't go here .
first she acts like we don't know anything .
the staff was friendly , food ok for az .
i could not find my waitress .
i will not go back again .
no chairs = boo .
the margarita was awful , very chemical flavor .
queso for an app and it was ok .
couldn't get a beverage refill .
couldn't get my check to pay .
skip it and enjoy good service by going elsewhere .
so sad to see this place going downhill .
they had brought chips but no drinks .
it was simply ridiculous !
which would explain the bad service .
we first walked in and no one greeted us .
the menus were disgusting and had food in them .
bad service seriously makes everything else so much worse .
now that did bother me .
friday night at 7:00 .
every time i go back the portions get smaller .
had dinner tonight and ordered the mango salad .
tonight sealed the deal for me .
steak and chicken was our choice .
our cups sat empty for quite some time .
not a good trip .
the chips were stale .
thinking i'm not arriving back here anytime soon .
late night was the final straw .
soda was bad also ( no syrup ) .
service was soooo slow .
i had a cheese crisp and chicken tortilla soup .
my chicken tortilla soup had little to no flavor .
we walked out , still hungry .
got the hell out of there .
will not be back .
worst dining experience i've had in a long time .
fajitas were like jerky tough and dry .
could never get a refill on my drink either .
vegetarian options are not that great .
also , the service was slow .
can't get a returned call about my account balance .
nickel and dime me to death .
terrible customer service and lack of listening .
what a horrible experience .
all services were checked and cleared .
do not use any jiffy lube .
all seemed fine and was in and out quickly .
my parking spot is no where near my apartment .
the staff has no respect for personal property .
run don't walk away from this place !
fees at this place are outrageous .
honestly it isn't that nice .
nothing is taken care care in a timely manner .
this is your warning .
food is ok , not good .
service was poor at best .
the breadsticks were not good .
you can never have too many on the table !
well it wasn't a very happy birthday .
our server was buddy and he wasn't very friendly .
he kinda just threw our stuff at us .
my boyfriend said his pizza was terrible .
overall last night was a horrible experience .
but not last night .
needless to say i was thrown back .
i recently ate at this olive garden .
it smelt so bad !
fish was soggy and just not good altogether .
we may just have been served canned tomatoes .
i'm so sick of businesses being understaffed .
customer service has just gone to hell anymore .
lack of real service from our server .
the service was terrible .
she was absolutely terrible .
i will never waste my money here again .
terrible way to spend the afternoon with my boyfriend .
i am dissapointed in you olive garden .
ive had worse , but not much .
the whole entire store smells like raw sewage .
now the stench is throughout the whole entire store .
if i could give no stars , i would .
one week goes by and i have heard nothing .
this was beyond poor customer service .
stay away and save your money .
why can't you find good customer service anymore ?
so big fat lies from the company website .
so i went to the mobile counter .
so do not purchase from them .
i don't even know how that can be legal !
but my last experience was absolutely horrible .
customer service is lost on the managers here .
these are the basics and i'm tired of it .
avoid this mcdonalds at all costs !
annoyed , i walked back to my chair .
i'm so tired of these tacky locations .
they were tired of me and it showed .
stupid service nasty food !
can we say , " rip-off ? "
i went to the restaurant for the first time .
my sides were rice and green beans .
i woke up at 2:30 feeling a little sick .
do not eat at this restaurant .
unfortunately , everything we ordered was disgusting !
this location is crossed off my list .
i will not risk the high blood pressure .
the hostess was very unfriendly and seemed confused .
he could have cared less .
there was no other flavor there .
it was flavorless as well .
the cheese that came with the order seemed fake .
really , really disappointing .
i will not be back !
the quality is missing from the food .
the quality is missing from the service .
the quality is missing from the management .
this is not a vegetarian friendly restaurant .
i ordered the quesadilla explosion salad without the chicken .
apparently this is not an entree .
too horrible to even give them a 2nd chance .
smelled like boiled hot dogs too .
talked to the manager who didn't do anything .
not making it right what so ever .
sorry excuse for a restaurant .
don't even consider the skillet queso !
it tastes like watered down chili .
should have listened to all the other horrible reviews .
sorry guys , no gratuity from us today .
my experience has been awful !
beware they will ruin your life and your credit !
his practice is little more than a procedure mill .
he's like a used car salesman from hell .
proceed at your own risk .
that 's bad business .
i don't get it .
the 1st time they replaced my bed right away .
this matt has also failed .
once they have your cash that is it folks !
called supervisor to get more info .
the problem was i work monday threw friday .
these people have to be kidding me .
don't waste your time going to these crooks .
the diamond quality was horrible .
but according to other jewelers it most def it .
he did not want to help at all .
they are not helpful .
horrible horrible wait time .
i'm still here waiting btw .
still has n't been fixed .
this is getting ridiculous .
don't believe the hype .
this place has horrible customer service .
no , i don't want three tires .
that 's asking too much .
very sleazy work discount tire !
fix it or turn it off .
it was locked , being cleaned for routine maintenance .
the pool was not open again until saturday .
but it just did not seem to matter .
i'm currently looking for a new apartment .
that means , no smoking , even outside !
that cost me nothing .
the second surgery really hurt .
that 's not cool .
i am extremely angry .
i'm not even lying .
next i tried the kalua pork .
i could see spices but couldn't taste anything .
it was very bland and looked even worse .
the cashier later refunded my order .
it went from bad to worse .
the chicken was hard as a rock .
i told him the chicken was dry and awful .
it was just disgusting .
it was very bland and looked even worse .
the cashier later refunded my order .
it went from bad to worse .
the chicken was hard as a rock .
i told him the chicken was dry and awful .
it was just disgusting .
i ordered the teriyaki chicken with macaroni salad .
no " aloha " attitude in hawaiian spot .
prices have been increased and portions reduced .
teriyaki chicken , mahi mahi and coconut shrimp .
maybe it was a bad day ?
the mac salad with no potato , huh ?
was that too harsh ?
i really dislike wasting hard earned money .
i'm absolutely horrified by this experience .
do not give these jerks your business .
she offered me the kalua pork instead .
not the best hawaiian food i have had .
my husband wasn't thrilled with his beef either .
ok , this place was not clean .
food was alright , i've had better hawaiian food .
rice scoops were for babies .
service , felt bad for the cute girl .
i gave two stars just because i was disappointed .
this place was horrible .
tables weren't cleaned off .
we purchased a groupon for two dinners and desert .
it was good but way over priced .
mac salad didn't have a whole lot of flavor .
it was okay nothing special .
trash over flowing and dirty tables .
went to this restaurant because we had a groupon .
there was three slices of long pieces of meat .
it smelled great but it tasted like sour beef .
chicken was cold and dry also .
this place used to be a favorite .
it wasn't very good .
and finally the beef was extremely dry .
food lack consistency in taste .
i'm used to massive portions from other hawaiian place .
overall , i won't be back .
it's was ok , nothing special .
( not her fault she has to ) .
his chicken mole enchiladas were even worse !
service was extremely slow .
overall thoughts are that i should 've kept driving .
the food was cold when it came out .
could hardly find or taste the fish .
nothing special but nothing really messed up either .
when we went the place was nearly empty .
salsa is chunky watered down and blah .
chips hard and stale .
so far not looking promising .
actually that place might taste better .
that was a bit of a mistake .
the food was mediocre at best .
the chips that they bring out are gigantic .
the salsa wasn't bad .
she argued with us , and was incredibly rude .
the food was bland and boring .
food was very bland .
light fixtures had a layer of dust .
will not be coming in ever again .
this place was gross !
ruined my sons birthday .
take my advice and just don't .
and the service sucked !
wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy !
don't waste your time or money !
we had the chicken fajitas and cheese crisp .
tortillas were not good .
beans and rice were bland .
staff was friendly however .
i wouldn't recommend the food at all .
taking my bean burro w me .
the rice was horrible , sticky , no flavor .
i was very disappointed .
won't be back to this location .
they were so rude i had to walk out .
didn't seem very interested in serving me at all .
i could not wait to get out of there .
such a rip off !
don't get ripped off by michael 's for glass .
extremely poor management of the situation .
completely understand why this place has such poor reviews !
looks like a change is strongly needed here corporate !
messy messy store and no one around to help .
don't expect good customer service here !
apparently we weren't dressed nicely enough for her tastes .
the floor show started and it was boring .
not to mention , the food was so horrible .
stay away from rockin ' r .
it all started off fine .
but then all of a sudden things got weird .
while they weren't great , they were pretty entertaining .
please stay away and spend your money somewhere else !
we were beyond disappointed with our visit .
overall , a very bad experience .
extremely poor customer service .
take your money someplace where it is appreciated .
i was greeted warmly .
it probably is for a phoenix location .
this is not phoenix . "
that 's not exactly how i see it happening .
this place is horrible .
the employees are no help , whatsoever .
he was almost as bad as the employee .
customer service has gone way down hill .
store would not take it back .
do not go to lowes .
kind of a disappointment .
the bed was large , and wasnt too bad .
but , then again , it is mesa .
the internet was super slow .
he went got another key which also didn't work .
@ 1am came back still didn't work .
the front desk service was not very good .
ladies were rude and not helpful .
the grounds staff were nice though .
i would not stay here again .
the new room was clean , no bugs , .
quite a rip off .
don't have a room for you .
would never recommend or ever stay here again .
sorry i wasn't more specific .
i would never go back to this place .
i feel bad for her .
there pool was down where our family was staying .
this place is not worth it !
next room was slightly better .
false advertising if i have ever seen one .
there is dust all around the room .
no water pressure in the shower .
people were nice though .
was told we " might " get another room .
the room smelled like urine .
not like the website , at all .
however , this was not the case .
on a weekend night , no less .
are you kidding me ?
this place is horrible .
quality of toys is low .
this place is really run down .
worst insurance experience ever .
this is not based on a single experience .
mike , feel free to return my call .
that should have been my first clue .
huge waste of time .
will not be going back to this facility .
slow and rude service at a dirty restaurant .
i was not impressed with this restaurant .
we will not be back again .
slow in getting our food .
will not be returning .
one group of folks walked out after waiting .
i don't remember our waitresses name .
uh , no i don't .
as more guests came in , still no hostess .
needless to say i won't be going there again .
slow service to be seated .
dirty walls near booth .
everything was downhill from this point .
this should have been our first sign .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the parmesan crusted chicken was terrible .
the food wasn't the issue on this visit .
a little overpriced compared to other chains .
chicken , cheese tacos came with no chicken .
i would avoid it if i were you .
wait time was short .
nothing to write home about .
both restaurants in mesa , az are now closed .
only phoenix , surprise and sun city are open .
my insurance provider auto selected this dentist for me .
nobody is this incompetent . "
the devil in me is a liar .
each time , they quoted a wrong time .
i'm sure i'll think of it later .
it's like you're trying to piss me off .
leaving me with no tail lights !
not so at all , to my surprise .
yet this could have been an urgent life matter .
the service was friendly but not terribly attentive .
we finally get at our table and it's cold .
my fianc 's meal looked disgusting .
she didn't eat either .
that use frozen , poorly cooked vegetables .
just not my kind of food .
beyond that , my experience was not so great .
all in all , great food , horrible service .
had the worst experience tonight .
for the money , taco bell is way better .
food wasn't the greatest either .
the food was terrible and so was the service .
the food was bland and tasted old and nasty .
the chimichangas were not really fried either .
over all horrible experience .
don't waste your money here .
they have been going downhill for years .
the management is careless to complaints .
the busboy who brought us chips was rude .
the waitress was not interested in serving us .
this was a situation that should never have happened .
needless to say we will never go back .
she was very uncaring & rude .
why wait until i am already in the back ?
i find this explanation ridiculous .
this is just a lazy practice .
this is the worst place to take your animal .
i assume they are .
this place was awful !
1st pet in mesa does !
very angry and disappointed .
you deserve better than what you might get here .
the staff were cold , uncaring people .
we had a terrible experience there .
his care was terrible .
only one surgeon was helpful .
they shouldn't even get one star .
stay far away from this hospital .
i was treated like shit .
they also refused me bottles water at night .
this hospital is the pits .
for breakfast this morning cold pancakes .
i just walked out of the er .
i would not take my dog to this doctor .
this er is the worst .
this place is a nightmare .
way too much time .
it was very upsetting to be sure .
not having much luck with banner hospitals or doctors .
can you imagine trying to sleep through that ?
visited the emergency room with a head injury .
nope , she never acknowledged me .
she told me i could leave if i wanted .
i wasn't sure if i should get up .
this was a horrible experience .
i will never visit this hospital again .
look at all the reviews , they are horrible .
it's got ta be criminal .
the nurse was really rude about it too .
do not send your loved ones here .
it's got ta be criminal .
so there shouldn't be a code period .
completely unhappy with this experience .
the doctor was rude as well .
alta stop wasting people 's time .
well long story short i was transferred and disconnected .
don't waste your time .
girls at front desk are rude and short .
will not be returning .
this office is a nightmare .
no respect for patients time .
worst experience i've ever had .
not my place i would order from again .
not much to this place .
no place to sit and eat .
worst pizza hut pizza i've ever had .
couldn't even eat it .
will not be going back .
too many other choices out there better than this .
i would give this place no stars .
i'm updating my negative review to average .
i was really mad .
i would give negative stars if i could .
no call back yet .
the worst experience i ever had !
don't eat here unless you want to get sick .
food was never fresh .
all hard bread and dried out meat .
to mcdonald 's if you want trash .
the food is not that great .
chicken was good , but the corn tasted synthetic .
very pricey , not many food choices .
he acted rushed , impatient and rude .
losing a patients phone number ?
i was not very impressed with his bedside manner .
after not getting a call back i called again .
he never called me back .
not even the next day .
this is a rip off right now .
isn't that the purpose of a tee time .
bad management and lazy staff .
made the turn and it was horribly slow .
greens were in horrible shape too .
this place is horrible .
play somewhere better for your money .
worst course and customer service i have ever experienced !
what a poor experience .
i won't be going back here for a while .
the manager could not even get it open .
it is by far the worst dairy queen around .
i won't be going back inside .
walked out the door immediately !
they're concern should be bugs in the ice cream .
my lane was just dog slow !
prices are n't all that great either .
this place is beyond trash !
i will not be returning to this location .
the customers are trash as well .
it is hit or miss .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
incredibly slow service in the mornings .
not a good combination in that line of business .
next time , i will find another location .
this location is so slow .
this starbucks is the worst we've ever been in .
slow , rude , don't make drinks to standard .
they are horribly slow .
they will mess up your credit !
and make you waste your money !
caution when buying a used bike from these guys .
they did and said nothing else was wrong .
and there were stains on the .
just a let down .
i walked out of the store in frustration .
this is poor poor business practice .
not a fan , won't be back .
what a bunch of nonsense .
employees are clueless and rude .
worst fry 's i've ever encountered !
went to ace hardware and no problem .
still trying to solve this problem .
horrible for anything beyond what 's on the shelf .
even that has n't been fun .
now , calling corporate offices to bitch at them .
the mall is much more affordable .
like that is stupid .
the car was finished saturday at 4:30 .
i wish this were only a joke .
however my engine light did not reset .
something did not sit right with me .
low and behold the engine light is off .
gross , gross , gross !
did i mention gross ?
pizza was as i remembered though .
the food is worthless cardboard pizza .
i spend to much money on ticket games .
the pizza wasn't great , but edible .
the pizza is terrible .
why can't places for kids serve better quality food ?
it made me really nervous .
we'll go to peter piper pizza next time .
most don't give tickets .
everyone was just standing around confused .
the table wasn't set either .
worst customer service ever .
i've been a loyal customer .
this locations customer service was awful .
the manager was no where in sight .
then he would stand there continuing on his phone .
sadly i couldn't even eat my food .
didn't end up playing on the games .
- salad bar was not kept up or maintained .
don't take your pets here .
unfortunately , they were horrible .
please do not take your pets here .
this place is over priced .
the staff at all banfield locations are disgusting .
the garlic mashed potatoes were pretty decent .
the green beans were very rubbery !
here 's where it gets bad .
steak cooked to order but really fatty .
won't be returning to this location .
will not be returning .
first time having a bad experience at this establishment .
not just bloody but cold on the inside .
the awful waitress surely was responsible .
finding another go-to steak house immediately .
it was extremely hard to cut into .
probably will not go to this location again .
this veteran as extremely disappointed with outback steakhouse .
i will not be going back to the outback !
each of them struggled to cut the meat .
i even tried and it was terrible .
my husband ordered potato soup and salad .
i see now why they got poor ratings .
horrible service , finally just left .
it wouldn't be ready for hours .
very disappointing , not recommended for lunch .
went there for our anniversary .
the service is at best bad .
i blame management when food and service is bad .
everyone 's food came out yet not my plate .
just slightly confused there .
my mom insisted on outback .
i'm not huge on chain restaurants .
when our food came my moms food was laughable .
quality is poor and service is worse .
he said his baked potato was pretty tasteless .
not as pleasant as it used to be .
same ol ' same ol ' .
nothing like the picture in the menu .
glad i didn't order the porterhouse pork chop .
mine on the other hand was over cooked .
each time she passed she would bump my chair .
i have never written a food review before .
i probably never will again .
mom had the seafood cannelloni and it smelled fishy .
tonight 's meal was beyond poor .
the main dish was horrible .
don't waste your time and money coming here .
went here for a wine tasting / dinner pairing .
not great , but not bad .
just simply state " we dont take reservations " .
don't set false expectation .
i for one won't be going back there .
( so why not have more wine ?
then the ultimate insult !
dont waste your money here .
i place numerous complaints about cleanliness and was ignored .
i wished i could leave no stars .
have not been here in more than six months .
they made several changes that do not make sense .
ordered mashed potatoes as his side with fettuccine alfredo .
yet they have no security guard .
he could be screwed .
he said he couldn't it was denied .
always mess up my order .
please avoid this place .
when full circle took over , things went downhill .
this place is so slow .
i would not recommend this place .
don't you want to upgrade to a leather cleaner .
worst car wash in america !
service and car wash were satisfactory .
they need to hire a lot of people .
no call no show .
because i so have a beef with this restaurant .
it just tasted off .
my chicken was dry and boring .
next , garlic mashed potatoes .
they brought it out fully cooked !
mcdonalds would have tasted better .
this place is worthless .
they overcooked my wife 's steak .
i had too much fat on the prime rib .
overall , i was unimpressed .
next birthday , we'll head over to longhorn steakhouse .
the worst steak i have ever eaten .
applebees has better steak .
this place was absolutely terrible .
the prices are extremely ridiculous for what you get .
the service was horrible .
it was so thin you could see through it .
the place was dark and was not very inviting .
all we got was blah , blah , blah .
poor service from beginning to end .
prime rib was ok , but thats about it .
i would not recommend this place .
3rd chance , you will not get from me .
i had salt at home i could have eaten .
fry 's has better ribs for half the price .
the rice , chicken and fries had no flavor .
the soup was equally as disappointing .
there was no distinct flavor to anything .
i left thinking , is this it ?
honestly , everything was just awful .
they had to refund me and charge correctly .
not a huge selection of veggies .
made my salad very bland .
potato : it was ok .
random mac and cheese was cold .
it might have been ok if it was warm .
overall , not impressed .
and won't be back .
worst management i've ever seen .
the food was sooo bland and no taste .
i love thousand island dressing and this was horrible .
my daughter used ranch and said it was horrible .
the staff was friendly and counters were clean .
the crust was limp and doughy .
the macaroni and cheese was like wallpaper paste .
the baked sweet potato was mush in a skin .
there 's no other way to describe it .
if i could leave half a star i would .
will lie and steal your money .
terrible service don't go here !
absolutely horrible horrible experience .
do not go here for honest work .
the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
service is awkward and very slow .
this is the worst burger king i been to !
it was no bueno .
greasy , old reheated food that just stinks !
will not be returning to this location .
i won't be going back .
the service was awful .
false advertising right there .
and james was hardly apologetic .
this store needs to get their hours straight .
the wings were awful and tough .
i have never had worse service in my life !
it was borderline chaos !
it has n't been just me either .
just not this one .
bad service bad food !
taco bell is losing my love .
gave us the wrong order .
worst location i've ever been to .
sorry guys , bad stuff .
if one was clean , the other was clean .
more money for jiffy lube .
this place is expensive and dishonest .
rude and generally unfriendly .
they just piss me off .
very poor customer service !
avoid this car wash .
never again will i go there !
that was cool too .
do not fall for the free breakfast bit .
the reply was , " nothing . "
each stay is from monday through thursday .
the staff was helpful .
everything else is like a courtyard and predictable .
breakfast isn't free , at courtyard .
people stop complaining when you book thru priceline .
i wouldn't come back .
i was beyond shocked !
the service is horrible !
their service is horrible .
no , we want our food !
the food is not that good !
how could the manager have handled that better ?
we were disrespected and that is unacceptable to us .
totally agree with another reviewer .
so , i probably wouldn't go back .
the food was overpriced and not very good .
the potato salad tasted pre made from a tub .
the pulled pork was lacking flavor .
the mac & cheese is not good .
companion 's chicken was overcooked and dry .
they are not usually dry and/or actually burnt .
pulled pork is sad .
the taste of the pork alone was unimpressive .
it really is awful .
not to benefit the customer .
was that so hard stupid appliance guy ?
i just recieved horrible customer service at this store .
this was not happening .
called back and reached someone in asia ( ! )
repeated story and was transferred to my best buy .
oh and don't be a jerk to me .
is that too much to ask ?
you're confused - that 's an led tv .
can i interest you in direct tv ? "
i'm not interested in supporting either company .
at 1:30 , no tv .
your store is garbage .
seriously will never come back .
i would give them negative stars if i could !
afternoon rolls around i decide to call them .
hire better workers best buy !
i went back and talked to the owner .
the selection is very limited and expensive .
i would not recommend it .
i just left this store & i'm pissed !
i was very disappointed with selection of wigs .
the staff was so rude !
they were not helpful what so ever .
parking lot sucks to get out of though .
full disclosure : i was redeeming a groupon .
running a business is hard , i get it .
but at least say sorry when you mess up .
will not go back again .
guys are very rude !
and don't let them anywhere near your engine .
unprofessional , rude , and like to argue .
i however had better ideas for my day off .
these guys just can't get it right !
this place is pathetic !
we walked out because he was a jerk .
i'm never coming back here again .
how rude of them .
this story goes on too long .
instead i just won't go back .
this was my fifth visit , and last .
there is no information provided on your receipt !
this is an awful company .
only stayed one night , got in late .
no complimentary water either .
not string here again .
the staff has little common sense .
avoid this mcdonald 's at every opportunity !
sometimes even 2-3 times a week .
extremely rude worst customer service ever .
highly do not recommend .
worst place i've ever been .
everything about this place is gross and dirty .
i probably shouldn't have eaten it .
this is no longer the case .
really , there are better seafood places around .
the casinos all have crab leg and shrimp buffets !
why waste good money on bad food ?
manager didn't offer any compensation for our inconvenience .
never again coming to this overrated places .
horrible horrible over priced never coming again .
my food was horrible .
this is a major pet peeve !
i can't believe they paid for this crappy food .
( thumb down ) .
i personally felt rushed .
the only saving grace is the cheese bread .
this place isn't what it used to be .
i was in mesa on business and checked in .
the whole hotel might as we'll be for smokers .
no shampoo in the bathroom .
left and stayed at the holiday inn .
are you kidding me ?
worst place we have ever stayed .
if we could get a refund , we'd leave .
i would rather sleep in my car or outside .
do not stay here .
worst place to stay !
worst place to stay !
he saw me immediately which was nice .
there really is no discount .
they apparently tried to pull one over on us .
sorry - didn't happen here .
do not use this service .
the management blamed the error on a new employee .
we immediately switched services .
they were diligent , considerate and professional .
again , stay away from this company .
don't use this company .
this customer service is terrible .
i'm not that remote , i'm in cave creek .
they never have hot and ready pizza actually ready .
avoid this place if at all possible .
i am very disappointed with the food .
horrible place to go for pizza !
they didn't have a cheese pizza ready at all .
very disappointed with the way home depot handled this .
i don't know what it is , who knows .
i'll shop home depot in gilbert .
after one season , stopped starting .
said ' i don't normally work over here . '
terrible phone and customer service .
will never use for installation of anything again .
they overcharged me and were completely inconvenient .
i don't care what the deal is .
never again home depot .
people here are rude !
then she hung up on me !
then hung up on me again !
there is no way i let this stand !
big rip-off junk trash mattress junk !
do not buy a mattress from this company !
shame , shame on you !
guess i'll take my money elsewhere .
the man i talked to was very rude .
absolutely no service after a sale .
shouldn't promise things they can't deliver on .
poor excuse of a proper business transaction .
don't do business with especially mike .
i wasn't window shopping .
we had n't even driven the car yet !
unfortunately , this man is not the salesman .
there was no one there the whole time .
i'm in a hurry people but they don't care .
service was rude as could be as well .
if i could give zero stars i would .
no customer service skills at all .
maybe this is why the parking lot is empty .
they always forget an item or two .
making me wait even longer .
both times left without my complete order .
got my drink order wrong again .
no strawberry just a limeade .
even my receipt says frozen strawberry limeade .
all i experienced was bad service .
boy , was i wrong !
this place could not be any less organized .
horrible service , horrible price , horrible customer service .
for no apparent reason .
are you kidding me ?
no " nice to meet you " .
are you kidding me ?
this was completely unprofessional and unacceptable .
the food was bland and lacked flavor .
nothing about the dish screamed central american flavors .
the breading was heavy and disgusting .
dry , overcooked , and extremely chewy .
i am not trying to pick on this place .
oh how we need negative stars available on here .
ordered chicken strips , fries and mac n cheese .
that was a mistake .
the mac n cheese was runny and bland .
this location is horrible .
my first experience sucked !
it really needed to be wiped down big time .
mmmm bathrooms right by entrance kind of gross .
mushy , tasteless bun .
just recently stayed here .
made a big mistake .
does not mean much to this hotel .
but that 's not the worst part !
not real happy with my first experience with them .
i was seriously disappointed .
this is not a new york style pizza .
this location is just not that great .
so soggy were not hot at all .
don't give this place your business .
when i received the order there were no dressings .
" streets of new york " - really ?
no napkins or utensils were given to us .
chicken parm - don't do it .
you're better off making it at home .
the sauce is bland and the chicken is dry .
margherita pizza - it's doesn't taste bad !
all sizes , toppings and types work for me .
everything else was bad .
tea was watered down and tasted like water .
lots of dirty tables and the floors were filthy .
sorry but get better food and servers .
sadly , i was wrong .
then the spaghetti tasted like it was microwaved .
i wouldn't eat at their restaurant again , though .
they gave away our double queen room .
now for the bad experience .
this place is just as bad as cali .
so rule of thumb .
recently stayed at this hotel for a baseball tournament .
not the comic store for me !
and the amount of rice you get was pitiful !
i couldn't eat it .
i would not recommend this place .
highly disappointing and a waste of money !
it tasted like canned lemon pie filling .
the fried rice was dry and awful .
the egg roll was soggy and disgusting .
don't go here with any high expectations .
the food is just bland .
i ordered chicken teriyaki for lunch take out today .
i could never go back .
nothing was fresh not even the vegetables .
why am i the first to review this place ?
i mean it was totally dead .
so we sat down and ordered some food .
i could hardly eat any of it .
i normally don't complain about prices .
it's been slowly getting worse everytime i visit .
last night was a joke though .
no bartender to make mixed drinks .
the food was not very good at all .
i don't see myself ever going back .
it's ok sushi , for arizona .
on neither occasion did the restaurant have green tea .
on the second occasion , i ordered a sake .
it was watered down .
that 's how bad our experience was .
sadly , they are now closed .
she seemed like a miserable lady .
worst service from any business of any kind .
i couldn't be more disappointed .
the employees are not courteous or even basically helpful .
the dmv is not fun .
she got rude with me from this point out .
don't let the pretty office design fool you .
i won't be going back .
they claimed it fixed , but it's not .
my experience here has continually been subpar .
would not recommend this dealership to anybody !
don't take your car here .
no need to even lift my truck up .
i would never recommended anyone go here .
horrible customer service by matt .
guy has no people skills .
i don't get it .
the sausage was bland and was almost freeze dried .
no flavor , not moist .
the chicken ( which i paid extra to have !
he just hung up on me .
after waiting too long , we ordered .
both the house dressing and balsamic dressing were awful .
the salad was tasteless .
i was not impressed with the pizza .
i had a deep dish with sausage and meatballs .
not the best dinner .
so do yourself a favor and skip this place .
i won't be going back .
the milk shake did not satisfy my craving .
none of them are dressed like they work there .
they didn't greet the customers .
they didn't acknowledge the customers .
we only ordered blizzards and cones .
won't be returning to this dq .
that call never came !
wish there was a no star option !
i should have walked away .
it was clear she was not on her meds .
they tried to hold the paperwork for more money .
one star is too many .
she definitely does not have a way with kids .
for me this is very inappropriate .
won't be returning , ever .
we had artificial grass installed in july this year .
this is a complete lie .
customer service needs to improve .
i will not be a return customer .
time after time this store continues to disappoint .
however , the quality is really poor .
do not use smith plumbing .
the 4th try was by mike again .
smith plumbing refused each time .
a little crunchy , but not too crunchy .
the burger was a little messy .
i don't go often to islands .
fries were bottomless but not great .
so late night dining options are somewhat limited .
the location was not busy .
my wife stayed behind to pay for the bill .
oh , now you wan na cut calories .
the white bread toast was stale .
oh no you didn't !
this is was a complete let down !
i'm officially grossed out .
needless to say , that is not very appetizing .
would not go back ever !
bad food , worse service .
plate was hot but the cheese was cold .
another woman had been waiting there longer than me .
it is not a relaxing place to eat breakfast .
one of the worst denny 's ever !
it tasted like a nursing home breakfast .
i gave my debit card and marked a tip .
absolute worst place i've ever lived !
you don't want to live at this place .
they gave us generic jackets on both orders !
she greeted me and didn't make eye contact .
that she might have one zip off skirt dress .
and the dress was too small .
jamie , our waiter , was awesome .
the sad thing is it wasn't even busy .
the sad thing is it wasn't even busy .
will not be coming back .
the muffin may have been carrot , not sure .
it was fried and was crispy and tough .
and way not worth it .
very disappointed first time ever .
the service gets consistently worse as each year passes .
didn't even get rolls until the dinner arrived .
the final insult was what they called pumpkin pie .
so long , mimi 's .
do not be fooled .
in any event i was really bummed .
however , who orders artichoke dip @ mimi 's ?
but still , it was awful .
by the way i don't write negative reviews .
only received half of my order .
will not be going back .
shame on you for taking my money .
walked out without being served .
place was nearly empty on a saturday evening .
so i ate it cold and it was gross .
turns out she was sorely mistaken !
the hair dryer wouldn't work the second day .
he didn't even bother to respond .
staff is approachable , not extremely helpful .
internet service was poor .
staff do not even bother to fake concern .
the hilton in mesa is very outdated .
the lobby is dark as hell .
the hot water is lukewarm .
i have been to other hotels .
none of them charged their guest internet fee .
none of them charge d for breakfast .
no alarm radio only alarm clock .
i would never go there again .
this place isn't nice enough to be a hilton .
this is really depressing !
very dated as others have mentioned .
nope , not hilton .
lame corporate no class hilton .
seems pretty outdated as well .
seems pretty outdated as well .
stayed here in january ( yeah i'm behind !
and was not too pleased .
but our sandwiches were like all bread ?
the sauce bottles on tables were filthy .
negative attitude but the staff seem to try .
it is a waste of time .
zero stars for customer service .
and they gave me the wrong order .
got the california chicken wrap .
are you kidding me ?
the food is ok , the service is not .
they were not serving many items on the menu .
the service wasn't very good .
crew were having fairly loud personal conversations .
was so disappointed , don't bother , not good .
but the dirt wont come off !
the hostess put him on my guest list anyway .
there is no air machine , even .
you are n't missing anything .
worst customer service ever !
boy was i wrong !
the service like any vietnamese place was lacking .
this place was the worst of them all .
my first impression was not good already .
this i'm not used to .
someone else would have left .
sorry guys , next time tend to your customers .
booked ahead so , no problem .
got a no smoking room .
only smelled a bit like cigarettes .
they gave us hand towels to wash with .
bed too close to wall .
it has not improved .
thru doubled checked , and realized it was three .
i'm tired from a long drive .
the room smells awful , it looks awful .
cheaper but not worth it .
there 's no hot water .
treating the customer horribly .
said only deal with companies .
worst possible experience ever .
that 's just bad business .
this place won't be in business long .
that 's just bad business .
this place won't be in business long .
they gave me an appointment to take it back .
bad experience all around .
do not go to this company for any reason .
contacted groupon and requested my money back .
waste of time and money .
nothing ever came of that .
no manager ever contacted me .
i would not recommend this place .
i had a 9:00 appointment .
this business doesn't even deserve one star !
don't waste your time .
extremely unhelpful and rude to boot .
get off my property ! "
this place no longer stands out to me .
just not worth it .
this is an awful place for lunch .
for starters , the service has been really bad .
i took the sandwich back , no refund needed .
the pizza and wings were terrible .
almost like it was old or not fresh .
whoever runs this place should be embarrassed .
they wont even come out to look at it .
the price was right but the job was crap !
do not use this place !
it's not their fault !
just trying to sell stuff .
however , zero stars for the double western burger .
it was bland , and very dry .
the bacon was so gross .
but customer service goes a long way with me .
not really sure why anyone would shop there .
mason failed to mention it .
i am not real happy with mason mechanical .
it was so nasty !
what doughnut store has no doughnuts ?
i was seriously disappointed .
i was grabbing breakfast for me .
they don't prepare their food very well .
it's a gross place .
my nine year old wouldn't even eat it .
needless to say , i was not impressed .
soggy and bland deep dish pizza ?
well i was wrong .
he gave us a stack of cocktail napkins .
the shredded lettuce off his sandwich .
overall an awful experience .
i will not dine here again .
multiple tvs surrounding the dining area .
i won't be going here again for dinner .
the food was bland .
we hardly ate our meals .
the service was bad .
the food was bad .
the deep dish pizza was terrible .
last time for this chicago wan na be .
the fried pickles weren't what i remembered .
she was courteous , polite , and lightning quick .
so very disappointed tonight .
so disappointed in the place .
total bummer , another one bites the dust .
had that done and still had same problem !
i'm now going through the better business bureau .
dont be fooled by the good reviews .
window screens are full of holes .
walls and doors are dirty .
but it has gone down .
pool did not work .
the room wasn't vacuumed when i checked in .
the room i stayed in was anything but renovated .
overall , however , i was not impressed .
would not stay here again .
breakfast is very low quality .
most horrible experience ever !
i will not return anymore !
the pizza never got here - ordered hours ago .
we ordered stuffed crust with marinara sauce .
the pizza was just dough in the middle .
why wouldn't i , they had good reviews right ?
i would highly advise not bringing your car here .
the car is not even worth that much .
they also threatened not to give her car back .
no apology just were coming to get your bike !
we should of asked for our $ $ back !
got a specialty pizza and some honey hot wings .
the food was good but the pizza wasn't crisp .
the service was not good .
the dining room had clearly not been vacuumed lately .
very disappointed in this location .
hello that is not the customers problem .
this is not pizza .
it's absolutely horrible bread .
this time however , it went too far .
im not going to go into details about that .
we left there disappointed .
not at all what i expected .
don't think i'll be taking another chance on aloha .
everything else is pretty horrible including the spam musubi !
i went today and was disappointed .
thankfully , we have ono hawaiian bbq in town .
drab location in an unassuming strip mall .
service was mediocre at best !
we had teriyaki chicken , katsu , and fish .
the fish tasted like egg .
however , i was quite disappointed with my visit .
chicken was crispy from the outside and juicy inside .
i don't get what people see in this place .
she just continued to stare with no reaction .
don't think , pretty sure we wont be back .
otherwise , you won't see it from the road .
don't get the saimin bowl .
it's just not for me .
teriyaki chicken was quite burnt and hard .
beef was tough and bland .
won't go there again .
we really didn't find this place appealing .
there was confusion about their menu .
neither , apparently , is their printed menu .
the chicken katsu was decent .
way over priced for this nasty meal .
don't waste your money .
ok , way too much for breakfast .
there wasn't enough cinnamon either .
it was so wet and disgusting .
probably just all of my bad luck !
i don't get it .
the food was bland and meh .
the waitress was slow to take our order .
i got the spinach , mushroom and bacon omelet .
it was dry and hardly buttered .
to start , service was not very good .
waiter was not attentive .
maple syrup isn't even available !
they have 4-5 employees standing at the register talking ?
just ate there this morning .
had the country fried steak and biscuits and gravy .
not impressed at all .
food is super bland and terrible quality !
didn't you write my order down ?
for the price i would expect much better quality .
very unprofessional and inappropriate .
that is no way to treat customers .
this was one where it missed the mark .
my eggs were perfectly hard poached .
no yellow lava , but a yellow stone .
it was a disappointing morning to start the day .
sorry crackers , try again .
eggs came out tiny and overcooked .
and will never return here again .
i wish i was told this upon arrival .
honestly nothing to write home about .
spent more time waiting than eating .
came in today with my seven person family .
so disappointing and embarrassing to the family with me .
they have lost my business .
the management is very rude .
the bathrooms are very dirty and smell horrible .
we couldn't eat inside and sit down .
i am never coming here again .
booked a moving truck rental online a week prior .
budget is not " pet friendly . "
one star is for nathan kelly avis rep .
i grabbed a towel and wiped my leg .
he repeatedly denied my experience .
this time it came dry .
for a cardboard box !
the worst customer service i have encountered .
however they didn't fix it .
i asked them why it would take so long .
i just walked out and will never go back .
do not sell your things to these people .
they offer you almost nothing for your stuff .
i am sad to report i was not impress .
the service is slow .
my experience , however , was very disappointing .
unfortunately , it didn't !
the salsa was bland and tasteless .
they were so bland .
it's not so bad .
i've stayed in worse .
not impressed at all by this hotel .
but i would not stay here again .
bottle of water is apparently an unreasonable request .
ok so now i am a bit annoyed .
annoyed i proceeded to re check in .
the worst holiday inn experience ever .
it was a very uncomfortable experience .
the restaurant on the other hand is horrible !
but even worse , bed bugs .
to my shock , there was bed bugs .
i'm covered in bed bug bites .
this hotel is awful !
he was disrespectful and dismissive of our concerns .
he is the reason for this seemingly unnecessary rant .
a group of us ate at the restaurant .
one of the worst sandwiches i've eaten .
the several ron was very condescending and rude .
will not eat here again .
the range balls are old and a little worn .
i said for the ice bucket that 's ridiculous .
she did not seen to want my business .
probably will never go back there again .
sorry appliance parts depot you lose .
i also needed some other items printed .
the worst service ever .
the manager is a complete racist .
this branch is disgusting and sad .
the food is just ok with almost no selections .
why go to a buffet with no choices .
the noodles were burnt and the pork overcooked .
word to the wise should be sufficient .
wish i had gone with a different company .
ill be going that way from now on .
the tires still have not even moved still .
we are having our 1st baby .
nothing like rushing on our big day .
she talked me through the whole process .
everytime i would go they had someone new .
it was the generic computer voice .
every phone i used reached my phone .
will not be doing business with them again .
he was rude and very condescending .
it will save lots of money and hassle .
five of the last six sundays have been missed .
terrible , terrible experience !
the worst marketing company i have ever worked with .
the check was short .
i guess it's not at az republic .
none have been able to provide lasting solutions .
too strange for me .
i'm not calling them again .
they said they couldn't find them in their warehouse .
their customer service is lacking to say the least !
it does not exist .
she didn't even look it up .
she said no your not your through shopping here .
i wouldn't spend it at cvs .
office staff was less than friendly .
customer service is horrible .
i might consider switching banks after that awful encounter .
eyebrows turned out ok i guess .
won't be going again .
even worse , she wasn't even apologetic .
no hot towels or hot stones .
no waters given to clients .
lesson learned , will not ever go back .
lesson learned , will not ever go back .
no way would i go back to this business .
the service there is almost rude .
: / not the best starbucks experience i've had .
i should 've listened to the other reviewers .
can i also get a pumpkin muffin ? "
it made me uncomfortable .
i'm not ever coming back to this one .
should be zero stars .
slowest drive through starbucks on planet earth .
this is the slowest starbucks i've ever been too .
weather you're drive through or going inside .
probably won't be going here no more .
wonton soup as best thing i had .
not worth the drive to east mesa .
the bbq pork chow mein wasn't horrible .
this place is a joke !
went back several months later with my girlfriend again !
don't bother going there !
i figured i had to write something .
very cheap but not very good .
the food ranges from alright to absolutely awful .
they also use a lot of canned vegetables .
everything else is a crap shoot .
this is the only chinese restaurant in the area .
also , there staff are not talkative or friendly .
just didn't seem like it had much flavor .
ate lunch there and wish i had n't .
worst food i've ever eaten .
too much batter on the honey chicken .
even if they want cheap .
ordered an egg roll and it was cold .
the tso chicken was extremely breaded .
the sweet and sour sauce was kind of bland .
my wife said the orange chicken was below average .
the customer service was overall lacking with this person .
they said they could not help me at all .
will not go back .
i need services like this to work properly .
i received no apology or explanation .
so extremely disappointed with the service .
so , so disappointed !
the fellow informed me they were out of sourdough .
he informed me he would have to charge more .
same bs as before !
both just completely rude and lazy .
i will never be back .
boy was that a bad idea !
the problem is bad smelly meat .
i think he is fat and very lazy !
i will not buy bashas own meat again !
too bad the management can't perform well .
it tastes like cardboard .
it's ridiculous to try and fool your customers .
if you know , then tell the customer .
you are being lazy .
i'm not really sure how to rate this place .
we will never step foot into this establishment again !
because the quality of menu items is very poor .
the carpeting is very worn .
the restaurant gives a real tired appearance .
because the quality of menu items is very poor .
the carpeting is very worn .
the restaurant gives a real tired appearance .
but the reality is i probably won't be back .
life is too short for mediocre !
this restaurant is no longer in business .
no meat as stated on menu .
salad is not included in the more expensive meals .
alas it is not .
not a lot to say here .
very average food you can get almost anywhere .
but the food and drinks were lame .
could not park anywhere near my room .
they just lost regular business .
had dinner in restaurant second night it was horrible .
no one cares at check out about your problems .
but the service and amenities are terrible .
there is no water at any of the holes .
the golf attendants didn't remove my clubs from cart .
we are even a gold card member .
so disappointed in the service .
no one offered to remove my golf bags .
so disappointing - both the courses are beautiful .
the front office and billing is terrible .
they insisted that we cover their error .
slowest mcdonald 's i have ever been too .
nice staff but slow .
if you go inside it's worse .
only because you can't give it a half star .
i hate absolutely hate this walgreens .
worst service i've ever got .
very bad customer service in the pharmacy .
" i'll see you in small claims court ! "
i have never been so frustrated !
i could not believe the way she treated me .
i am beyond confused .
total waste of time .
they did not bother to follow up with me .
this is not even that !
i was there to get pedicure and manicure .
i did not realize it was that long .
that is just gross .
do i need to get it myself ?
enchilada poblano and a grande burrito .
it looked like soup .
it was an awful presentation .
the meat in the taco was seasoned really weird .
i couldn't eat it .
i stopped goin here a long time ago .
serrano 's has better food for much less money .
nothing to get excited about .
( unlike many other places in aj ) .
i wasn't that impressed .
moreover , the service was lackluster .
i won't be back .
i probably wouldn't ever go here again .
they didn't even cut them all the way through .
was a chef mistake .
just took the item off the bill .
and the vegetables were oily too .
unfortunately our food was very bland .
nothing here to write home about .
the service usually stinks .
guac was incredibly bland .
the burrito was just veggies folded into a burrito .
cheese enchilada was also horrible .
all in all , not a great experience .
the place was clearly understaffed .
taco salad very dry .
spinach enchilada was tasteless .
the food was good , the service is horrible .
long wait to be seated .
the food was not bad but not super great .
the service was slow .
atmosphere was loud and crowded seats together .
not much food for the price .
the service was more than lacking .
the food was horrible with no flavor .
if the kitchen is too hot then get out .
are you kidding never !
fries were cold & plain as well .
by the way , the bathrooms are gross !
there was no hostess in sight .
what a waste of gas to get there .
the food wasn't good either .
the worst service and food i have ever experienced !
the food is not good .
the service is sooo bad .
the worst service ever !
worst dining experience we've ever had .
do not bother with this place , highly disappointing .
oh and the outdoor bathrooms were also disgusting .
i said no i'm sorry but you did not .
maybe she was just having a bad day ?
this wal-mart is not a good wal-mart .
this place is not very professional at all .
fry 's opens back up at 4pm as well .
employees fighting at yelling at each other .
if i could give this store less i would .
i just sat down and they called his name .
so i don't know what to think .
i unfortunately need to do yearly blood work .
pizza was a few hours old .
the staff is pretty unprofessional though .
the owner is so incredibly rude !
the food was bland , boring and overpriced .
margarita was the worst i ever had .
i was so disappointed !
it was very small and no onion .
there was more lettuce on my plate than enchilada .
greasy , stingy and a bad cut of meat .
where 's the lettuce , white and yellow cheese .
our waitress was running her butt off .
the margarita was your basic amateur margarita .
why were your employees dining where the guest eat ?
drink order was slow , but we were patient .
no taste of seasoning whatsoever .
too bad , not sure we'll go back .
again , another review , another update .
this place is not ever consistent , ever .
but owners needs to put this lady in charge .
drinks : i only had a margarita .
it was too weak and way too tangy .
place was over lit and quite tacky .
bus boy was better than the wait staff .
this is our sunday routine no longer !
that is how bad this place is !
this place has gone straight down aj 's throat !
sad to see this place turn such a corner .
probably been better to go someplace else .
not worth the money spent .
do not pay with a cc .
before we were approached with chips and salsa .
drinks came , no straws .
i am officially bummed .
same poor food and service .
they also serve cold beers .
the food is sub-par .
went there for lunch on monday .
will not be back .
taco bell was better .
don't waste your money .
the service was terrible .
worst mexican restaurant ever !
bad service , rude staff and terrible food !
service today was just horrible !
no excuses for this today !
i've been to this place three times .
here 's where it all falls apart .
the scrambled eggs were undercooked and cold .
the french toast was completely amateur .
so there it is , plain and true !
overall , very disappointed in food and service.
would not recommend and will not be returning .
service is poor and the food is so-so .
the food is only so-so .
the portions are n't bad for the price .
this place has really gone downhill .
horrible , the name change to new golden china .
i don't need to go back .
now we generally always get the orange chicken combos .
food cold , rice cold , couldn't eat it .
honestly don't even waste your time stopping here .
don't go to this location unless you hate yourself .
i don't know what she did with it .
worst pizza hut i have ever been to .
the pizza we received was disgusting .
the bread sticks were stale with no flavor .
first of all , it's a desert course .
this is bad business .
if i give negative stars i would .
every time i'm amazed how bad the food is .
why has n't the health department shut them down !
have not ate yet .
the waitress was very polite and kept apologizing .
the gravy was hard , chunky and old .
husband picked up dinner from here tonight .
the sometimes mess up sizes .
it was still wrong .
stupid people work here !
can't tell the difference between fake money and real .
problem is , we had already paid .
there weren't very many people there .
this situation was poorly handled .
this was so wrong .
shame on you sonic !
and that is not a good thing .
each time could have been much better .
this most recent was tonight .
but it came with coleslaw and no toast .
the carrots were very soupy and over cooked .
really disgusting and quite gross .
will not go back for a while .
our drink glasses went empty .
complete waste of time .
she did not offer me coffee or anything else .
also was given no compensation for my visit .
the windows are gross .
very dirty very slow and bad customer service .
they should be embarrassed .
as he walked back to the office .
it could be worse .
okay , i wasn't too crazy about this place .
well , there was to be no heat whatsoever .
twelve bucks down the drain .
this place is horribly boring for anyone any age .
the tour guide was terrible and an idiot .
not worth time , money or energy .
i didn't get that feeling at all .
it doesn't take long to walk the grounds .
the bathroom in the restaurant was awful !
biggest waste of time .
every experience has been the same , painfully terrible .
always , looks and acts half asleep .
it was ok food , but overpriced .
this burger king is rude .
going through the drive-thru has n't been the best .
your waiting and waiting , watching car after car .
the whole two lane thing isn't working here .
i won't be back .
do they think i'm sitting here for my health ?
this place needs a manager with a brain .
the guy behind the counter was nothing but rude .
i was so irritated i walked out .
they obviously did not want our service .
i would not recommend them to anyone !
yelp kinda let me down on this one .
i was not impressed with this place .
it was really greasy and not all that satisfying .
no way , jose .
the wait was ridiculous !
service is okay but the food was awful .
ate at the dirt water last night .
disappointed to say the least !
ate early to avoid waiting .
they were under cooked , limp , and cold .
i won't be back .
our waitress didn't seem to know the menu .
a pure rip off if you ask me .
the service we had was friendly but loud .
the food is just not good .
i do not recommend .
always busy , but i'm not sure why .
he didn't seem to help the waitstaff at all .
food was not good .
salsa is tomato sauce .
not good for liver .
the gravy is out of a bottle .
he was very condescending and rude .
overpriced gross food and a rude owner !
huge , old and bland .
it's only scrambled eggs and potatoes !
i guess that 's why they're so affordable .
next time , we'll stick with the farm .
we were very disappointed .
the food was so very bland .
this is the worst place ever .
after wayne passed it became awful .
are all stores not on the same page ?
the club is kinda small .
luckily i had his wallet though .
this place is very poorly ran .
honestly , this club sucks .
worst gun shop i've ever been in !
anyway , today was the last straw .
prices on ammo suck .
this was not true .
but this location is terrible about keeping appointment times !
they could do much better !
all the dogs in the cages looked sad .
and then she charged me more than quoted .
so anyone i know with a trans .
mary offered incredibly poor customer service .
don't come here for pizza .
i ordered a sausage and mushroom pizza .
would rate it a zero .
it probably was to confusing for the cashier .
monday - friday 11am to 3pm .
waste of my time .
chips and salsa was not edible .
no other way to describe it .
not coming here again .
they do not communicate with their customers .
the branch manager is a very unpleasant person .
the eggs were cold .
not warm , but cold .
no one eats raw potato .
we will never go there again !
is no stars an option ?
nothing about my meal seemed fresh .
service is pretty lacking at this cracker barrel .
then , the gross happened .
service was just awful !
had breakfast and was very disappointed .
will skip this stop next time !
worst cracker barrel in arizona .
but this was utterly abysmal .
he didn't speak english to explain in detail .
there was minimal customer service .
however , the service is slow .
sadly , the service has slipped .
not enough help to wait on the customers .
we are not likely to return .
i won't be back .
i wouldn't recommend their service department to anyone .
this place is terrible .
to say the least we were very angry .
the park has full hook ups and cable tv .
the weather in february can't be beat .
i wonder how many bugs we ate .
you don't know if you should laugh or cry .
i think it is highly overrated .
the driver apparently went to the wrong sheraton .
i'm wondering if we went to the wrong resturant !
the same thing goes for the general chicken .
i probably will not be back .
most casa grande restaurants need a good cleaning .
she says she will never go back .
our room has wallpaper peeling everywhere .
would not stay again .
it was an ok stay .
stayed at several hotels in the casa grande before .
pretty lame , even for casa grande .
the beer selection is very basic .
that was completely obnoxious .
maybe the cleaning staff ordered the movie ?
i personally don't like their breakfast buffet .
their buffet is more like a sit down restaurant .
housekeeping needs to do a better job .
not to mention horrible customer service .
shouldn't the computer tell him this ?
my car went up on the lift and sat .
no employees were even in sight .
no worries , spare on .
ok flat bed tow .
new tires are flat .
one was totally flat , by tuesday all were .
chose the cactus , it will hurt less .
on a crappy dirt filled lot with trash everywhere .
the store is old small and disgusting inside .
the employees are slow and don't care .
most horrible service ever !
it's a crap shoot .
she was impatient with taking our order .
everything here just seemed so very dry to me .
the sushi was dry and seemed old .
texture , flavor & all around consistency was terrible .
would not take it back .
terrible " customer service !
the atmosphere is low key .
i won't be going back .
sorry i changed vets to here .
one of the worst i been to .
not like the garbage this clinic dishes out .
it's not just about money !
i second the rude customer service .
she just couldn't be bothered with a customer .
most horrible customer service .
everyone else was horrible .
didn't receive a call until the next day .
summary : not worst place but disappointing .
- vacuuming was not effective .
so i don't think it is our stuff .
i would never wish this experience upon no one !
do not stay here .
i can't get up , i can't call .
should have stayed in the car .
manager refused to move rooms .
then repeated bye , bye , bye .
this is the worst hotel i've ever stayed in .
the manager is not helpful and is very arrogant .
won't stay there again !
will not be back .
beware : do not stay here !
do not go they have bed bugs .
this is the worst night of sleep ever .
the water didn't get quite hot enough .
the hot food at this place is disgusting .
they are so rude and awful .
it goes beyond bad customer service here .
the food was only average .
was beyond condescending and arrogant .
ok , no more denny 's for us !
your pancakes are cold , etc .
however , the place was dirty .
this does not even deserve a star .
the denny 's in casa grande is very horrible .
very dirty food all over the menu .
service very slow took forever to get food .
that is not the case here .
that doesn't smell funny .
my husband got a regular chicken burrito .
everything was bland , bland , bland !
the chicken was tasteless , the tortilla was soggy .
i've eaten better hospital food .
the burrito itself was just ok .
there was no conversation during the haircut .
the special sauce was watered down .
casa grande doesn't have many choices .
i dunno , never been back never plan to .
tire lube center slow , disrespectful and unprofessional .
however , security was super nice .
i would avoid this place at all costs .
we unfortunately were patients there far too long !
( no longer ! )
after this , it only gets worse .
an e-mail sent through the website was ignored .
save yourself time , frustration and money .
one of the worst medical experiences in my life .
no appointments , over two week wait time .
where 's the sour cream ?
at least it'll be cheap .
beans are delish , tho .
the food is really not good .
so sorry we didn't have this instead !
the cheese crisp came cold .
there is nothing exotic on their menu .
the shredded beef had no flavor .
so not the best .
the salsa tasted like tomato paste with pepper .
i left this dump .
what a lousy way to start the day .
won't waste another dime in this dump !
probably the worst filiberto 's in the chain .
my problem with this one is the price .
no guacamole means no guacamole .
their guacamole is like runny baby shit .
inept with poor customer service .
i was simply amazed .
there is no snack bar .
fail , francisco grande .
course feels and looks terrible .
service is poor and food quality is bad .
so the bar is cheap .
and not just in a good way .
it just smelled horrible and the color was wrong .
alot more than was delivered here .
the pizza was typical pizza chain fair .
if i could give no stars , i would .
do not eat here .
good pizza , bad service !
talk about leaving a bad taste in your mouth !
i call this pizza butt .
it's like they hate their lives .
however , i was a little disappointed .
menu never changes though .
the food wasn't bad or good .
i can't understand the good reviews at all .
place was dirty , used dishes everywhere .
this place is disgusting !
the service was horrible .
got tiny tiny bowl of chips , no salsa .
no refills of the tea were ever offered .
we will not be back .
bad , bad , bad stay away !
there is no real concern or care .
i am very disappointed .
screw it , why not check this place out !
the carpet had like , palm trees .
unfortunately , they didn't have either movie i wanted .
the worst experience ever !
the food is downright bad .
how do you mess up a sweet potatoe ?
this particular location is just horrible though .
lol ) pretty disgusting .
dress it up a little .
it looked a little pathetic .
it was very disappointing .
it looked like a chicken caesar .
garlic mashed potatoes sucked .
i am so done with outback steakhouse .
sadly , chandler blows .
i am still pissed at her .
i'm starving , ripped off , and angry .
we're not all rich .
food did not impress me .
the waiter was rude & the table was dirty .
i would not recommend this location .
this was the worst onion i had ever had .
it is typical chain food .
no wonder the guys were laughing .
paid for my food and again it was cold .
dont sit and wait for your food .
no one even looked at us .
walked out and went to longhorn across the street .
only takes one bad server .
blooming onion was burnt .
alice springs chicken was rubbery .
pasta with shrimp was so dry .
won't be coming back .
i was disappointed , but i must admit .
server knew nothing about it .
jen 's steak was over cooked .
worst apartments i've ever lived in .
nope , never happened .
this place has really gone downhill fast .
i won't be back .
i just don't like it .
it's tasteless and somewhat expensive .
overall , i was underwhelmed .
she was not so pleasant .
the bf , however , really didn't like it .
here is the real reason for the bad review .
the sandwiches just weren't good .
the meatball parm was really bad .
my sandwich was ridiculous .
i love garlic , but this was too much .
it was almost bitter in my mouth .
we actually received no service .
who said that the pizza was bland .
last night it was especially bad .
we ate here for the first time this evening !
the service was terrible and the place was packed .
not sure if i'll try this place again .
i am really disappointed with this restaurant .
worst , worst , worst absolutely worst service .
the employees are rude and not at all helpful .
there were no customers in there except me .
the thing is , it ain't all that great .
two words : soggy pizza .
this is not pizza !
the crust is hard and flavorless .
i have nothing good to say about this place .
there is much much better out there .
hell , my students make better food than nypd !
so nypd you just lost a return customer .
alas , that has not been the case .
food was great but service was terrible !
i didn't even want to give one star .
i felt so bad !
won't go back ever again .
poor management is what this sounds like to me .
that place is nothing out of the ordinary .
the service is really going downhill at lunch .
guess its time for a new weekly lunch spot .
we were terribly disappointed .
no apologies , i will not return .
you served raw dough pizza .
but thats pathetic serving raw pizza .
i emailed nypd , with no response from them .
this location , however , has horrible service .
tonight was definitely the last i'll ever order here .
no offer to do anything but make me one .
the pizza was soggy and the wings were terrible .
do yourself a favor and avoid this place .
just lost a customer .
i won't be back .
and these prices are too high for so-so pizza .
it seemed like there was zero leadership working .
nightmare to try and get it .
skip it , you'll thank me .
all of the noodles just stuck to each other .
the food was not good at all !
and handed me my receipt .
it has gone way downhill .
their ingredients are very poor quality .
the moo shu tasted very sour .
except , of course , there weren't any .
worst customer service ever !
rice was under cooked and dry as hell .
and their rangoons had barely anything in them .
ordered online last night and was very disappointed .
the sauces were watery and tasteless .
for starters , it's the least you can do .
so yes , i want a full refund .
why yes , of course i did .
that a manager might not even show up today .
this was very careless on on the shops part .
so i'm going to start going somewhere else now .
i was greatly disappointed !
most of the food tastes like reheated frozen food .
awful , horrible experience !
ok pizza , rude staff .
not a fan and won't return !
this is not a winner .
service is extremely slow .
we do not recommend .
she immediately asked why didn't you come to us .
he prescribed a drug for me to try .
what a horrible display of bedside manner .
the meat here is very inconsistent .
the restaurant should be avoided .
unfortunately the management has changed hands .
not a relaxing environment at all .
this place gets loud when its busy .
seriously , what is that ?
this place is gross .
i left there feeling gross and unclean .
number one rule of salons , sanitation !
so i went back to have it fixed .
the girl did a really sloppy job .
polish is too thick .
worst place to get your nails done !
don't waist your time or money going here !
they are just plain dirty .
the mirrors are covered with dust and are nasty .
this place is super crammed too .
they will take your debit card .
they are just plain dirty .
the mirrors are covered with dust and are nasty .
this place is super crammed too .
they will take your debit card .
did they rub it off the skin ?
extremely rude to me during the process as well !
also , it didn't seem sanitary .
will not be going back .
i will not be taking my mother there again .
this place has been going downhill for several years .
this place is horrible .
and , yes it is dirty and dingy .
i found it horribly rude .
it is not that complicated .
i was unfortunately very disappointed .
been coming here for years .
service has gotten worse and worse .
i hope they know how to respect their customers .
do not go to this branch .
i was angry and walked out !
worst experience in a fast food place ever .
staff was rude , food was ice cold .
horrible drive thru service around noon today !
rick w is correct ; dr .
dr fish is an ok oral surgeon .
however , his financial practices are shady .
this place is horrible !
if your not rich then your treated less !
i do not recommend !
the staffing and management situation here is absolutely ridiculous .
this store is managed extremely poorly .
location is alright cuz it's near ultra .
product selection is alright too .
they clearly don't care about customers .
they clearly don't care about customers .
the selections however were horrible .
rude customer service and always dirty .
took me three employees to get them adjusted properly .
what a waste of time .
she never went to the list .
insurance plan only covers the cheap lenses .
be prepared to walk away .
i've done business with batteries plus for years .
i will no longer use batteries plus for anything .
absolutely horrible people to deal with .
we will not be going back .
would not recommend this place .
no " sorry for the wait " nothing !
i looked at the invoice and was stunned .
the medication charge was outrageous !
can't believe that they treat their customers this way !
terrible terrible terrible horrible customer service !
what is wrong with you .
then the worst part .
this place is a complete rip off .
very unhappy with the services .
they just want your money .
do not go to this place .
thank god my sister didn't want to give up .
but this vet place is a rip off .
i had never ever seen him like that !
and then they got my sons drink wrong .
got home and all my food was wrong .
this location is horrible .
i hate you taco bell .
please do not make the same mistake i made .
car was still dirty .
never , ever , ever again .
it was a noisy zoo .
the man at counter was very rude .
i wish i had n't .
so i pushed on , ordered food and paid .
needless to say i will not be returning .
these newer fries are horrible .
also , the parking lot is weird .
not sure why they made it like that .
not the best , not quite the worst .
however my past two visits had errors though .
got my money back for the groupon .
i wouldn't go there if it was free .
the waits here are way too long .
they didn't seem to care very much .
and that 's too many fails for me .
and service is not so good .
this place was a complete rip off .
my windshield had absolutely no damage whatsoever on it .
it was a hard , hard sell .
talk about a bad first impression !
ill stick to do it yourself places .
i was then rushed from the premises .
they did a horrible job .
do not go to this place !
i'm never coming here for a car wash again .
so why exactly is he standing there again ?
then come back to get my car washed .
well the oil change was a disaster .
i have been highly disappointed with this car wash !
no one called in sick today .
i won't be back .
they told me i could buy car washes .
not even for car washes .
unfortunately , he lied .
finally , don't be in a rush .
ugh , what a terrible experience !
i'll stick to cobblestone auto spa .
i do not like deceptive businesses one bit .
they do the worst vacuum job .
i find this unacceptable .
never once have i even received a sorry .
i was once a loyal customer here .
worst car wash i have ever gotten .
really bad service here .
this is my lunch .
no apology when went back ?
yet another awful experience do not go here !
i will never return to full circle .
i was disappointed to say the least .
i didn't hear anything so i called back today .
so i have more things taken ?
during our entire conversation he was extremely rude .
i went inside to wait for my car .
she said very rudely that it was marked .
i then looked over the whole car .
i told him it was only an ok job .
probably the worst car wash i've ever been too .
didn't explain anything other than i needed a filling .
she told me it wouldn't be a problem .
sorry , but i don't recommend and never will .
why are small children allowed into the workout area ?
no way , not with me !
the front desk staff is not friendly at all .
i feel management needs to train their staff better .
also , the spin classes on sat are ridiculous !
i could not even tell you who management is .
the cardio machines here suck , plain and simple .
so , customer service ?
i'd hate working here , too .
this staff is horrible and not courteous whatsoever .
they don't care they only want your money .
i wasn't impressed from the first hour , frankly .
an obvious safety concern .
staff : hit and miss , mostly miss .
but not really , and not with that attitude .
dude , mexican food is my shit !
from a hygiene standard it's pretty disgusting .
basketball court is a serious safety hazard .
most incompetent staff that works here .
never take up training sessions here .
this gym chain is terrible .
never even tried to fix it .
staff was ignorant and just stupid , period .
the level of professionalism at la fitness is nonexistent .
no frills , just easy , american food .
service was very poor .
food was not very good .
what a total lack of responsibility !
i am very disappointed by this store .
are you kidding me ?
it was extremely rude & terrible customer service .
dumb me for ever asking for advice .
the second story floor plan is horrible .
this apartment complex just sucks .
the appliances : terrible and so old .
the grounds look terrible .
sadly , no one ever came .
this apartment has been an nightmare .
no joke i have been having the worst experience .
this place doesn't even deserve one star .
this office does not care about the patient .
don't say i didn't warn you .
we felt very pushed through the system .
such poor patient care !
i just simply hate them , so unprofessional .
she was very cold and rude .
i will not be returning .
do not support this business .
worst dr i have every been to .
worst place don't go !
the whole experience was disgusting .
um , no thank you .
this was my last visit .
i told them no , thank you .
not going there again .
this place does not take care of there customers .
not recommended for anyone !
the cashier ( asian lady ) was very rude .
i will never spend another penny at this place .
the taco plate was skimpy and bland .
maybe try a burrito instead ?
one word : disappointing .
the guacamole was a bit thinner than i like .
i wasn't willing to wait this time .
again , no offer to make it right .
i should have just asked for my money back .
my husband was not impressed with his carnitas burrito .
the place was clean and the staff was friendly .
seriously , rice and beans are a staple .
really bad service and mediocre food .
i don't understand crappy rude service .
no thanks or eye contact again .
had a carne asada burro with beans no rice .
but that shouldn't excuse poor service .
she also never apologized for their terrible customer service .
not pleasurable at all .
however , last sunday i placed a phone order .
today was a horrible experience !
they both got rude and upset with me .
very poor poor customer service !
it's some sort of bland , cheap green stuff .
the wife had a hard time eating it .
the mexican food there is ok .
i will not make this mistake again .
this would have been more than enough for me .
i will never step foot inside this place again .
next problem was a few months later .
the worst customer service .
so i walked out .
most reviews are negative about this company !
i had a terrible experience here .
we left feeling really uncomfortable .
very very unhappy with the customer service .
there was no where to wait until my appointment .
the color section was disappointing .
save your money and go elsewhere !
anyhow , women beware !
the food here is just not good .
the food and service was poor each time .
i just don't get it .
and he did - and multiple times .
i hate it when the salsa is watery thin .
it's expensive too , so not worth it .
i have to say , i was disappointed .
sadly , i can't let my old review stand .
i couldn't handle it .
i probably won't be going back for awhile .
the rice was blah .
we had a chili relleno that was just awful .
very weird feeling in your mouth .
the chips and salsa also not that good .
the waiter was a bad mood jerk .
once again completely disappointed with the food and service .
they were not good to say the least .
they have awesome salsa but not awesome chips .
it's overpriced and definitely not easy on the stomach .
the chicken tacos were disgusting .
the fish tacos apparently were okay .
food was bland bland bland and horribly greasy !
not a fresh item to be had .
it was like drunk college food only worse .
way too overpriced for the junk they serve .
rice was tasteless and horribly mushy .
drinking water cause they got the pepsi .
server tried to tell me thats how it is .
no visit from a manager or anything .
i won't be going back .
i'm not just talking every once in a while .
unfortunately every time we are equally disappointed .
this is completely unacceptable .
this isn't a one time thing .
plus the service is terrible !
the others were not very pleased with the food .
friday happy hour , bad experience .
she tried a different variety that tasted like soap .
waiter ( diego ) comped it , thankfully .
our checks were not ready had to wait on .
a sorry about that would have gone along way .
both chip plates where dirty along with our silverware .
this place was awful !
over thirty minutes to have our order taken .
longer for drinks to be delivered .
there are many places nearby that would be better .
we will not be back .
so sad to see this place slide into decline .
she didn't even offer to comp the meal .
i was never contacted by management .
however the wait staff sucks !
when i asked for another beverage he walked away .
been going to valle luna literally for years .
if anything , there should be free refills !
i said don't you care about customer satisfaction ?
first , the chips tasted over done .
they had attitude as well .
first , i feel bad about this .
they stopped giving bean dip with the chips .
wrong beer , and no waitress in sight .
i wont go back to poor customer service .
we could not get out of there fast enough .
their food is mediocre .
total bummer and disappointment .
i think it's gone downhill .
i had the most bland fajita 's ever .
i'm torn about this place .
rude , rude , rude .
the clerk today was put out by my business .
no , little girl , tough for you !
why don't you clean your press machines ?
will take my $ $ elsewhere .
sadly the tea was nasty .
it's not inviting at all .
the restaurant looks dirty and greasy inside .
she is going through the same thing i did .
all in all it was a very disappointing experience .
obviously a huge rip off .
i would avoid this studio at all costs .
i was quite disappointed at what i saw .
the pedi however is where things really head south .
but would not rub my feet .
won't be going back .
will not be back here .
never again will i return .
i tried this place twice for manicures .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
it always takes 5-10 seconds at most !
i wouldn't even bother ordering pho here anymore .
there is outdated furniture and decor .
it does not have to .
nothing more and nothing less .
i have done it a thousand times before .
it's not authentic and it's chinese style trust me !
don't go to this restaurant .
what a shame this place used to be amazing .
went in for lunch and it was moderately busy .
we went here after purchasing a groupon .
the service was so strange .
my boyfriend ordered pho thai .
my pho was really bad , too .
the biggest disappointment was the service .
the service here was horrible .
one of the families got their order wrong .
disappointed friend talked to another server about it .
my friend said the damage has been done .
rude server was upset .
one of the families got their order wrong .
disappointed friend talked to another server about it .
my friend said the damage has been done .
rude server was upset .
the service was bad .
today , our visit was disappointing .
( i've asked on prior visits with no problems .
mmmmm , not my idea of clean .
no " thank you " not " i'm sorry !
it was horrible service !
another thing , they are not kid friendly .
service was soooooo slow .
pho is supposed to be piping hot .
in addition , the pho broth was too salty .
the service has always been bad , rude servers .
had another bad service .
very very disappointed in the service .
our waitress was incredibly rude .
and the service was extremely slow .
overall , i wouldn't recommend .
worst service i have ever seen !
what the hell did you say ?
i cant even explain .
i do not recommend .
so she told me my total .
no flavor at all !
" , would suffice .
makeup artist was incredibly rude and unprofessional .
the check out desk was also unprofessional .
i will not be back to this location .
do not get your eyebrows done by amanda .
she does not pay attention to detail .
i don't even want to use the store credit .
all three employees were chatting behind the counter .
10-15 mins later , no one came .
i sure do miss my camelback location !
the managers are just so rude .
it seems like they hate their job .
reason why i prefer to go to sephora !
floral arrangements are not delivered as they appear online .
would not recommend this place .
the language barrier always gets frustrating .
figured it wasn't worth arguing over paid and left .
besides , my pedicure was nothing special .
will not go back and will not recommend .
the talent of this jeweler is obvious .
this place is awful .
this is not just a service thing .
disappointed that the cashier tonight was rude and rushed .
worst shopping experience ever !
we will never return to a petco again .
don't waste your time here .
i would highly recommend going there instead .
poor service from this cvs !
customer service is not what it used to be .
i'm gon na move over to another cvs .
not responsive to members requests .
too run down and dirty for me .
very disappointed by this place .
a ) it's very affordable .
my chicken wasn't hot .
but only if you get fresh chicken .
but i feel the need to report a problem .
there is simply no excuse .
well my daughter and i went in for lunch .
do not eat here !
terrible food , a shame .
lasagna bland and mushy !
not what i had in mind !
my calzone was a bit dry .
pizza was downright lousy .
well , wasted money and calories !
a frozen pizza would have been better !
the breadsticks were bland and disappointing .
even the bread pudding was just okay nothing special .
these reviews are cracking me up .
awful experience , and even worse food !
so bummed we spent any money here .
place is dirty and needs remodeling too .
won't be coming back .
and service was slow .
worst italian food i've ever had .
i scheduled my appointment online .
i've never been treated like that before .
they weren't even understanding and willing to help me .
she made me feel uncomfortable .
if you don't like your job don't do it .
it just wasn't very good .
complete and utter disappointment .
i won't make that mistake again .
the churros were old and dry .
to date there has been no response .
typical greasy , low quality mexican food .
this review is not about the food at filibertos .
i am not exaggerating either .
only good when drunk really .
overall food quality for me is poor .
despite my bad first trip , i went back .
this location is horrible .
however two weeks ago no problem .
they just don't seem to have it together .
staff was so stupid .
he explained everything to me , including pricing .
why would they not tell me about this ?
well i was completely wrong .
i was clueless as to what that was .
the rudest front desk staff you ever could hire .
i would not reccommend this location at all .
didn't have time to see a sick dog !
didn't have time to see a sick dog !
doctors are incompetent and dangerous to treat - animals !
don't bring children to this location !
i'm never coming here again !
this is the worst office i've ever been to !
was a horrible experience .
most horrible buffet i have ever been to .
the food is awful here .
i tried really hard to like this place .
my boyfriend didn't like any of it either .
i don't understand how they have such good ratings .
the pesto was lacking flavor .
yea dont feel it .
you made them very unhappy .
the service standards have gone downhill quite a bit .
their food is mediocre at best but ridiculously overpriced .
crispy bacon is is critical though for this dish .
make a sauce with the noodles already in it .
the meat was weird .
it's a bummer that it was a bomb .
the service was pretty terrible too .
i probably won't be back any time soon .
tried the tuscan and cracked crab alfredo pizza .
my waiter was the managers son , apparently .
great pizza , they should hire more professional waiters .
i will not be back .
the worst was the linguini in white clam sauce .
very poor execution on both dishes .
dessert was a complete let down for me .
never gon na go there again .
this place is a nightmare .
chandler urgent care said this is their billing practice .
i would advice everyone to not use these facilities .
nothing urgent about this place .
they billed it as an emergency room visit .
go to hell chandler regional .
conclusion - waste of time and money .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
avoid this hospital if you can .
but i have no insurance .
the visit continued to be awful .
this place was disgusting !
the ed leaves a lot to be desired .
my baby and i were put under unnecessary stress .
i wish i could remember her name .
my experiences with chandler have not been too great .
just wait until you leave and get your bill .
then all hell breaks loose .
of course he refused .
when my other the son was sick .
so , prove that nurse wrong .
chandler regional is not a great er .
they are a horrific er .
not at chandler regional .
worst experience at a hospital ever .
nursing staff was rude and condescending towards it's patients .
the nursing staff is incompetent .
would not go back to this er .
super ridiculous long waits .
department is a hot mess !
never did , i even asked for her .
my mom stayed behind because jasmine was scared .
we left and will not be back .
i no longer trust chandler hospital .
these dr 's and nurses are not properly trained .
i have never seen such a poorly run hospital .
but overall staff is horrible .
they don't check in .
i checked in to get treatment for this issue .
this was just to charge more money .
worst hospital experience ever !
staff unfriendly and the wait time is unbearable !
the worst hospital i have ever been to .
if i could give it zero stars i would !
signed one very unhappy mom !
the lab results showed nothing of the sort .
why would a er doctor lie to us ?
she knew i didn't get them , bad sign .
be warned do not ever come here .
they told me if symptoms got worse come back .
she said well then just get more pain meds .
i went to chandler regional hospital with my mother .
shame so close to getting five stars .
zero stars for her .
please don't ever come this hospital it sucks .
what a waste of time !
drove across town for nothing !
so freaking rude and a waste of my time !
none of those things actually happened .
it was a horrible experience .
absolute worst hospital i've ever been to .
avoid this hospital if possible .
this place is a joke !
then told to bad this is it .
it's a horrible situation here !
he hated every day there .
the food is gross and they are way understaffed .
the b wing of the hospital is the worst !
the cafeteria is a big disappointment and is filthy .
wait out turn in er .
at this time it's not as bad .
he spent twenty minutes in pain waiting for room .
here 's my edit to add on .
but here goes another review .
i have no complaints with the er .
never did get a wash bowl and soap .
the nurse took over and had no trouble .
very disappointed with the hospital .
the dr refused to do it .
what a waste of time and money .
stay away from this hospital .
the room was incredibly small .
nothing else so i was like ok ?
i was not impressed with their management either .
she seemed to care less and wasted my time .
do not waste your time .
really horrible , and sad .
nothing seems fresh and the flavors are very weak .
heard its closed , not surprised .
sorry , this place closed about a year ago !
don't go here unless you have to .
if you have any options go elsewhere .
i knew this was going to be ugly .
felt awkward and uncomfortable .
the scheduling staff and management are very rude .
that office is complete shit .
i have had the very worst experience with them .
would not help me at all .
i really hate this place .
don't waste your time or money here .
it's been a nightmare .
and , this dental assistant was very rude .
horrible , horrible experience .
they just filled my mouth full of holes .
save yourself , stay away from these people .
they blamed my doctor so i called him .
they won't put me on hold .
secondly they don't have their insurance down .
under staffed under trained and over worked .
cold cheap domestic beer in a strip mall dive .
if i could give no stars , i would .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the booze is watered down !
i am not making this up .
still the same well garbage .
she is just the worst .
i would rather hang out with my ex wife .
and the hotel would not be covered .
they stated pet stains on the carpet .
worse property company ever .
do not go to this company for anything !
unfortunately , that changed recently with new owners .
tonight , that all changed .
i won't be going back .
general tso 's chicken i'll miss you .
the chicken was just so , blah .
no complaints on that part .
will never be ordering from them again .
disappointed in the war wonton soup .
normally this is my go to place for chinese .
very , very bland .
maybe they just gave up .
not great but better for sure .
i am wasting my time going any further .
i wish i had n't ordered already .
so this was not an isolated incident .
i had to rush right home and shower !
the loud music on the weekend is annoying .
the food is too bland for me .
it tastes like diet food .
made the mistake of sitting on the patio once .
one of the worst hummus plates ive ever tasted .
service was slow but the overall atmosphere was okay .
it was too dry .
same setup as all the other pita jungle restaurants .
staff sucks , except for the hostess .
i couldn't believe it .
sad face for howard , beef gyro for me .
no , not yet .
don't expect to be wowed too much .
well pita jungle is consistent -- on horrible service .
sorry , try again .
so we avoid it like the plague .
or maybe my waitress just sucked .
won't be coming back to this one anytime soon .
then why does the menu state it has guacamole ?
that , i believe , is completely unacceptable .
the funny thing was that the restaurant was empty .
oh and don't get those garlic potatoes .
my family was seriously running away from me .
i suggest going there instead !
she said she would let someone know .
ruined it for me .
a little disappointed since i was expected better .
bartender however was very unprofessional .
last time , it was missing the cucumbers .
my least favorite pita jungle location throughout the valley .
wont be visiting this location again .
thanks for serving me rotten artichoke .
this place is either great or horrible .
and doesnt assure me it will never happen again .
no kidding they are not all rotten .
i have to wonder why we bother coming back .
the service is hit or miss .
she quickly responded , " oh yes .
she was so rude .
and the manager on duty was not nice either .
even the manager was terrible .
no consistency at this restaurant and horrible employees !
good food but the worst service on the planet .
i won't be back .
it was soaked in grease and soggy .
the meat was also dry overcooked .
i love pita jungle !
but this location was such a disappointment .
probably won't go again .
hummus was not good .
i have never seen deep fried home fries before .
biscuits + white sausage gravy should = delicous .
the food filled the void but had no flavor .
altogether everything was pretty much disappointing .
i sat down and brushed her shitty service off .
the eggs were under cooked for over medium .
was extremely polite and gave great customer service .
there were a few problems with our visit .
it wasn't tasty or high quality .
lauren , you are too good for that place .
it wasn't the greatest food .
the prices was way too high .
not appetizing to say the least .
my german chocolate cake just made me sad .
but i won't be back .
not only that but the floors were very grimy .
i didn't want to be embarrassed so we stayed .
( and why the long wait ?
however , i wish it had been cleaner .
please don't waste your time .
longest wait & worst service .
it's not worth it .
worst experiences of my life .
and you shouldn't be yelling at fully grown adults .
the sandwhich combinations are n't the best .
i am not going back .
i mean it this time .
don't get me wrong .
this place has the worst customer service ever .
convenient but poor service .
overall an unpleasant experience .
this location really gives bagel places a bad name .
i am not going back .
i mean it this time .
this location is very disappointing .
the second , it was bad .
what i got instead was a pumpkin bagel .
talk about a disgusting mess .
will not come back to this location .
this place has really has the worst customer service !
the manager and his staff are rude and obnoxious .
horrible customer service everytime .
rude and very slow .
slowest service in chandler .
this location is a huge disappointment .
it was so weird .
issue that needs to be addressed .
terrible service , unfriendly employees .
nor could i simply get a refund .
i'm sure no one cared .
worst customer service i have ever received .
this location is awful .
my husbands breakfast sandwich was cold .
do not recommend this location .
otherwise , i would go elsewhere .
rather disappointed in this location .
and my kids and i walked out .
the over all customer service was horrible .
yes chewing gum disgusting .
her response , nothing .
terrible way to start my lovely friday morning .
unfortunately they were very slow in getting out orders .
as restaurants go , they suck .
it is very clear that this establishment doesn't !
very very poor customer service .
he just looked at me .
he just pointed to the register .
very unprofessional and weird .
bad cuts , bad cooking !
why did my steak taste like fuel ?
why couldn't i cut it with my knife ?
i lost it and started laughing .
why isn't she talking to us ?
this is so weird .
you didn't get all of that .
it just says you do but you don't .
the food ended up being nasty .
probably one of the worst meals ive ever had .
i think the place has gone downhill .
prime rib was way overcooked and fatty .
stay away from their side caesar salad !
the margarita i ordered was poorly made .
this was not the " dinner for two " .
they looked like thin pieces of top sirloin .
he never came back and neither will we .
the menu was horrible .
the cheese was thin and flat .
there was not one pasta choice .
burger was ok just ok .
just not a good experience .
ruined ruined by staff .
this time was poor !
i don't know if we will be back .
she was late on refills as well .
would not recommend this location .
the restaurant was clean , but outdated .
there were just a few tables in there dining .
this is not the black angus i remember .
the dishes were very plain , almost looked plastic .
the tables were not set high end at all .
but , i thought it was priced too high .
was not appealing at all .
i replied umm no thanks im almost done .
the loaded baked potatoe was so dry and stiff .
it took way too long .
nothing helpful or polite .
don't waste your time going here .
why is my package in another state ?
boy was i wrong .
the coffee is worse .
and the prices are more expensive .
unfortunately the management at coffee rush kills the experience .
wi-fi isn't really free .
i thought the coffee was average at best .
and he is racist .
i just picked up my stuff and left .
it is loud and uncomfortable inside .
sorry , but i've experienced better .
cons : coffee is ok nothing special .
they don't like you hanging around for too long .
no attempted hand washing or anything .
the music is way too loud to read .
friendly barista but the place is dirty and rundown .
the staff here was rude , almost like annoyed .
the wifi is useless as well .
needless to say i left without a coffee .
unimpressed with the customer service at this location .
i will not be returning to this establishment .
customer service has gone down hill !
that is not how customer service works !
how tacky and rude can you be ?
i will not go back to this coffee house .
first off : the coffee stinks .
but no : it was styrofoam .
it was very unprofessional .
nothing better than anywhere else .
stick to coffee bean just a mile away .
not sure why they would allow all that smoking .
in addition the quality of the coffee is disappointing .
too sweet and did not taste like coffee .
i just didn't want one right now .
i regret leaving them a tip .
unfortunately not a nice one .
it's the most ridiculous thing ever !
i regret going here !
they're cheap , i'll give them that .
this makes pei wei look gourmet .
how is this place getting all these positive reviews ?
no draft mex beers .
the atmosphere was kinda of weird .
it's not bad , but it's nothing special either .
dont waste ur $ .
so completely overpriced for just your standard mexican fare .
i feel like i'm back in junior high school .
my experience was far from positive .
that is also unacceptable .
after all of this , the food was sub-par .
still " not feeling it .
the salsa was nothing special .
the food was mediocre .
i would not visit this place again .
there are way better mexican restaurants .
not a fan so unfortunately i left empty handed .
no booze ; just two iced teas .
the rellenos were soggy , and very little spice .
what a bust , skip it .
it not worth the money .
there no heart or passion in the food .
this place is awful !
dirty and poor management and customer service !
nothing to write home about .
the enchilada sauce was basically just tomato sauce .
i couldn't even finish it .
very americanized , bland , " mexican " food .
but tonight , not so great .
everything was slow tonight .
cleaning crew didn't even pick up the tables too .
the food was mediocre but the drinks were good .
the rice had absolutely no flavor whatsoever .
i really like the salsa selections with the chips .
so the appointment system does not work !
not happy at all .
it was not relaxing at all .
i was very disappointed and won't recommend this place .
it just doesn't make any sense .
there was no account for cox corporate .
avoid at all costs if you can .
cox is getting out of hand with their fees .
now i have to fix up their mess .
if i could give no stars i would .
do not get cox phone service .
do not get cox phone service .
not helpful at all .
i do not recommend cox services to anyone .
customer service is a joke .
you guessed it , no installer showed .
turns out the salesperson didn't order the install .
i had better service with direct tv .
no help at all - i gave up .
worst customer service i've had at a tech store .
it was very expensive , but he seemed competent .
instead he offered me a deal on another suit .
there 's nothing special about this place .
very disappointed , will never return .
again , i explained i just needed a hem .
needless to say , i won't be going back .
no apology given after the mess .
first , measurements we're off .
in fact , the owner was down right arrogant .
it's a shame that rudeness ruins a business .
after today i refuse to go back .
when we walked in there was no greeting .
clearly she did not need our business .
none of the social media pages reflect this .
it's a shame because i wasted a trip .
this charge is a bit off the charts .
no wonder doctors make so much money .
not worth the money .
will not be going back !
never going to go back !
are you freaking kidding me ?
we left very unsatisfied !
chunky but not spicy !
a mexican place that doesnt serve hot salsa ?
thats some crap you see at taco bell !
walked in and several people were eating the menudo .
so i added more crushed chili and salt .
yup , i was very disappointed .
not smokey like burnt taste .
but it was made to taste smokey .
my tea was horrible .
i give this place thumbs down !
they could never get my tires balanced .
they do not even stand behind they're work .
i would not recommend this location !
sorry brake masters , get better or get gone .
this company offers very poor customer service .
because brake masters won't give that .
i will not be returning to this location .
i just want to be healthy .
every time i show up to my doctors appt .
overall the experience here has been rough .
the call never comes .
the worst experience i ever had .
just the worst experience from this doctors office !
this is the only office i have visited .
i was not even late to my appt .
convenient location but not recommended .
medications not delivered on schedule .
well we were very wrong !
the food is gross !
she hated this place .
stick with the dim sum .
was the service rude and uncaring ?
dinner here was much better .
dim sum is pretty bad .
service is not that good too .
maybe it was the coconut bread .
i couldn't help myself ; it was super tasty !
anyway , i ate that happily .
it's not because of their foods .
what a shame on them .
it was all pretty bland .
on a whim , tried it again .
i thought , what the hell is that ?
so beware of that and don't tip !
at the moment , i doubt it .
ew don't ever eat dim sum over here .
avoid on weekdays if you want dim sum !
and you wait forever for refills .
receptionist has horrible attitude .
the sauce was runny and not spicy .
overall , just not really worth it .
it looks like it is falling apart .
it was just bad .
sorry i won't be back .
all the dim sum was a very poor quality .
it tasted and the texture was very cheap ingredients .
the food was greasy and tasteless .
the quail came out next , completely dry .
but crispy , anyway .
so for regular entrees , this place is ok .
i used to love coming here for dim sum .
the place was near empty this morning .
i only saw one full cart the whole time .
service is extremely slow .
rule one of restaurant etiquette , control your kids !
there are big problems here .
peter was always around running things .
the restaurant was horribly under staffed .
wouldn't take the chance .
this was our favorite restaurant especially for dim sum .
the service was simply horrible .
the food left much to be desired .
dim sum overall were slightly dry around the edges .
i lost my appetite and never went back .
she looks at me and says you can't come .
even another patient mentioned that it was rude !
i do not recommend center az heart specialist .
i do not recommend center az heart specialist .
i try to never go to this store .
i hate the way things are organized .
long story , long recipe .
sprouts market has cheaper prices on produce .
however , you will pay the price for it .
you can't tell without you slice it .
lee lee 's stinks .
again , crappy customer service .
i have not opened them yet .
plus , prices seem more expensive .
the most disappointing part is their customer service .
i avoid this store unless i need something specific .
they have no brazilian in this store !
we've shopped here on and off for several years .
not so much anymore .
that can't be good for business .
you guys need an inventory control system .
my money was stolen out of my purse .
she didn't even thank me .
i was unable to make it out the door .
don't think i'll be back .
this place is terrible !
wish i could rate no stars !
that was the only positive experience i had .
i think crash , burn and die . "
ended up getting inconsistent stories from two mechanics .
i didn't get it all done that day .
lol i think not .
never go to just brakes .
hard and flavorless , it was utterly unacceptable .
tasted like there was no vinegar or seasoning whatsoever .
the place was packed , which was unbelievable .
the sushi was bland with a lot of rice .
it was just about all you could taste .
before ninja was not bad .
at least the sake is cheap and good .
worst sushi i've ever had .
not a good sign .
the food wasn't that great .
ugh the sushi is terrible here !
there is no flavor and its dry !
worst sushi i have ever had .
we look at it but nothing sounds appetizing .
he didn't enjoy them anyway .
needless to say , i won't be coming back .
unfortunately that all ended a couple of months ago .
simply can't be done .
so anyone can have a bad night .
the worse restaurant i have been to !
the food was gross .
they literally gave me a side of hot sauce .
i was like , uh no .
i was not impressed with the food at all .
so not a great selection .
wasn't especially fresh and definitely flavorless .
they were like all rice no fish .
now many of the rolls have cream cheese ?
two of the rolls were just " eh " .
it was not good .
my water tasted so bad !
table service was lacking .
price for it wasn't that great .
i'd rather go tempura sushi which is way cheaper !
sushi was good , service was bad .
it was just bad all around .
i went with my boyfriend on a thursday night .
the sushi was terrible and over priced .
terrible experience and a lot of money
food was okay , service was horrible .
unfortunately , we will not be going back .
don't waste your time !
please get your restaurant better organized .
you lost our sushi card .
the list goes on with this place .
later she was at a table drinking wine .
whether or not everything was fresh is questionable .
at that point , i cancelled my order .
our meal should have been comped .
this is unbearable and wasted of time .
the service was marginal at best .
the place looks run down .
does this business owner even read the reviews here ?
it wasn't poor but it wasn't great either .
i did not see anything here .
all in all , steer clear from this place .
they forgot orders and they never refilled our cups .
food isn't bad but isn't amazing .
the sashimi was surprisingly soft and yummy .
seriously poor customer service .
and the service at the store is not good .
wouldn't use them again .
my money will never go to ultimate electronics .
we will not be going back .
the customer service has always been pretty bad .
now i know why the employees dont smile .
this place is gross .
if not , i will expand .
but seriously , the atmosphere is horribly family oriented .
my problem was the food .
all four items we ordered were bad .
my french dip was pretty mediocre .
it came out cold and dried out .
she had n't even started yet .
your my waiter , own the situation .
corn chowder was tasty but not very hot .
totally raw and cold .
he ate half his sandwich before his fiance noticed .
we all lost our lunch !
the selection was horrible .
the service was even worse .
the restaurant was not very busy .
the soup was cold when i finally got it .
the food made me and my friend sick .
has been going downhill for years .
used to be my favorite place .
tries to be upscale , but fails .
this was a very sad experience .
the place was empty .
all i learned is why the place was empty .
wish i could write a review .
so i called for takeout breakfast .
this mimi 's cafe is terrible !
turns out our name was never on the list .
what point is a reservation then really ?
it was totally out of place .
waitress was rather on the slow side .
she stayed that time , we didn't this time .
the service and management is most surely lacking .
there was already a party waiting .
my entire breakfast was cold .
my wife 's was hot .
no need to return .
this place is not worth it .
i was beyond disappointed .
the turkey bacon brie mushroom crepes were awful today !
yet another fancy rip-off .
when we got our food it was pathetic .
did not really taste any .
we said thanks but no thanks .
we will not come here again .
anyway i chose the salmon .
bland food , terrible service and overpriced .
the wait staff is also very inattentive .
perhaps the worst experience in a restaurant ever .
if i could give it zero stars i would .
restaurant was not busy at all .
drinks were not refilled .
no wonder they are going out of business .
anyhow , i'm not picky .
but it wasn't medium well ( see picture ) .
my gf thought the cobb salad was ok .
no option for baked potato .
wanted chicken and they are all out of chicken .
terrible service and food .
the wait staff was mostly standing around .
service left a lot to be desired .
not so much now .
we will not be back .
husband was equally unimpressed .
the turkey was not real turkey .
nothing on it , not even herbs .
i could not eat any of this .
i also took the turkey home to my dogs .
a most disgusting meal .
i don't know how they stay in business .
will not go back .
husband called it sad - standard american diet .
it was obviously not prepared by any chef .
my guess is they never bother to clean it .
what else do they never clean ?
i am so disappointed in this place .
i would give zero stars if i could .
looks nice but isn't at all .
they had no compassion and management wasn't any better .
not a nice place at all !
the worst service ever in my entire dining experience .
it was ok , nothing exceptional .
he didn't even acknowledge us .
what a nightmare experience .
never had service this awful !
don't bother with this place .
when we got home the order was totally wrong .
never going back , such a complete disappointment .
guess we won't know unless we try again .
we were excited to visit this sushi restaurant .
but our anniversary was totally ruined .
their service was terrible , just terrible .
after that things just went wrong in every way .
yes , we just felt ignored and miserable .
didn't even say hello .
he was rude and not friendly .
took my money and business down the street .
they really need to work on hiring better employees .
i will not go back again !
we just stood there thinking we will wait .
i was very offended and walked out .
it almost ruined our anniversary dinner .
we started off with the fried calamari .
it looked great but tasted awful .
and the restaurant was not overly packed .
unfortunately shimogamo left a bad taste in my mouth .
very disappointed there was no sushi .
we got ignored most of the night .
the food quality is very cheap .
this is the worst sushi i have ever had .
the fish was bad and smelled .
not please back later but " no ! "
if i could give no stars i would .
he ignored me the first time i walked in .
i have never been so mad after a meal .
i was completely unsatisfied and disappointed .
just 3x as much money .
this places blows and i am pissed .
i am still hungry and never going back .
i just don't get it .
i hate you shimogamo .
i really hate you .
great sushi but horrible customer service .
i will never be going back .
customer service , more seating and more affordable sushi .
don't go through the drive through .
they f you in the drive through .
that 's fucking disgusting .
not the worst out there .
first time they served me oatmeal in a cup .
she didn't care about taking my order .
never been denied business for nicely asking a question !
we'll resolve it next time and that never happens .
this is not rocket science .
the snack selection at the market is very limited .
no longer accepts debit cards at the pumps .
couldn't find soda i wanted inside .
it was only batteries after all .
i thought no big deal and proceeded to browse .
i was pretty disgusted .
the customer service is lacking at best .
they refused to even discount replacing it .
booking an appointment is a nightmare .
they don't care about their patients at all .
it's hit or miss .
i would not recommend them to anyone i like .
they didn't even apologize for my huge inconvenience .
counted at least ten ants in one stall alone !
i will not be coming back .
but mainly the meat was way too dry .
they get our order wrong more often than not .
eating in isn't much better .
they also frequently serve old food .
new management or ownership is really needed here .
1st window repeated it .
no a/c in the building , still serving customers .
unfortunately , this location doesn't get it .
southern food doesn't hurt me .
i was ok , i'll take one .
we spent way too much i .
however , there are some issues that i have .
my youngest , however , needs my assistance .
however , it has been like that each time .
what the hell do you want ?
don't go into the bathrooms .
this place is filthy and needs more seating .
i'm equal parts shocked and annoyed at fedex .
do not go to this location .
that put a bad taste in my mouth .
( fedex 's problem , not my drive . )
lastly the lighting in the room was so harsh !
disappointing , and terrible !
i tried calling front desk and it was busy .
the tv was stuck on one channel .
i should get a refund for this !
the wifi is horrible .
there is no jacuzzi .
was not told about this when making reservation .
not enthusiastic when answering the phone at night .
the lamp shade had a hole in it .
the room was not clean .
and we couldn't even use the pool .
seems like he remembers his regulars .
i will not be back .
too bad , really like the quaint garden area .
wouldn't take my dog there .
carrots all tasted old .
barely any meat , didn't really have any taste .
highly disappointed in eggroll .
no one ate much .
yes it was that bad .
i couldn't finish the chicken .
the food is below mediocre now !
the new owners changed way too much .
don't bother going anymore .
worst white meat teriyaki chicken i have ever tasted .
will just stick with aloha kitchen much better food .
the resturant looked clean and was busy .
i wish i ordered that instead .
the chicken was burnt and dry .
this was the worst i have ever eaten .
we will not be ordering from here again .
this ultra sugary fake maple syrup flavor is dreadful .
the chicken often has little vibes in it .
the worst food poisoning ever .
what am i really paying for here ?
not the best korean food i had .
do not order japanese food here .
oh thank you god !
it was the worst set ever .
do not go to this place .
they are minus zero stars .
they did a total bait and switch on me .
maybe they are , i don't know yet .
but i don't care .
they didn't even apologize .
it was very unprofessional .
this is exactly what i was trying to avoid .
i would not come here again .
she said they are already discounted .
staff is not the friendliest .
coupon or not , it's not worth it .
if you're closed , shut your lights off .
i shouldn't have to explain this to you .
it's not rocket science .
please just go out of business .
avoid at all costs .
why did i never call my regular vet ?
worst experience with eye doctors .
the front desk is terrible .
they try to rip you off however they can .
it used to not be this way .
horrible experience , and their prices were overpriced .
the prices are higher then most gun stores .
frustrated i left and ordered online .
don't waste your time or money at guns etc .
a call to discuss would have worked .
the front sight is rotated a little off center .
no wonder it fell off .
just like i requested originally .
they are also grossly overpriced on most things .
prices - way overpriced , on everything .
she just turned and walked away .
this gun shop deserves a rating of lol .
i couldn't agree with david more .
the food was bland and boring at best .
i would not go back .
i really liked it the first couple times .
i was kind of embarrassed by the service .
didn't care for it .
expensive , small portions , and mediocre cooking .
i was so mad .
sorry , won't be back .
suffice to say i was disappointed .
the food is bland .
one star is too much for this restaurant .
what a rip off .
first , the owner was irritating and sarcastic .
i don't recommend this place .
this did not help the location and decor .
if i could give zero stars i would .
there is no one in the place .
first off , the food is horribly overpriced .
taste wise , the pho was horrible .
additionally , the brisket smelled like it was spoiled .
even my american co-worker thought the food tasted horribly .
it was that bad .
that should have been the warning sign for me .
stick to pho chandler .
cheap plastic furniture starts it off .
pineapple curry chicken was terrible .
lastly the short ribs matched the other two dishes .
the food is just ok .
sorry but that won't do .
this was not the case .
i thought wild horse pass casino was already open .
made them rush me through .
since i was rushed the treatment was ok .
took forever to get seated even with reservations .
then forever to get food .
we got tired of waiting for everything .
never a problem there .
your masseuse is of course thrown off .
the towels are n't hot .
the hot oil isn't even warm .
massage ends , i head out to pay .
sounds like a great deal , right ?
no one seemed to know our names .
also , the specialty drinks were legendary .
in fact , they were very pretentious .
i would avoid this at all cost .
not impressed i will try again .
we almost walked out and went elsewhere .
desert schools is neither !
don't have direct deposit ?
don't go to this branch !
wish i had never opened an account here .
don't waste your money .
does my bank believe me.
i will not be returning to this branch again .
they smell gross and the toilets are never clean .
they were roughly 1/3 off retail price .
what a waste of a gift .
however , it really isn't .
they could not get any of the stains out .
they refunded me with cash .
i submitted his bid to my insurance company .
yet brian did not even show up .
if i could give zero stars i would .
sucks to wait and get blown off .
can not recommend them .
they had done nothing .
i have not paid nor received any warranty .
do not hire this company !
no , fucking do it today .
these guys are a joke .
my bad for not walking away .
their sales department has no ethics .
bad customer service and the part was wrong .
i went there twice and nothing was done .
finger prints and dirt all over it .
just don't trust anything else they say or do .
i gave one star because the dealership is clean .
not a dealership that i would trust .
the pharmacy staff is extremely slow and incompetent .
prices are typical nothing special .
i am so disgusted with this place !
i came up to the register and was ignored .
he didn't really even acknowledge me ( e.g .
there was very little cheese .
it's not a difficult thing to prepare .
maybe it wasn't a good day .
my whole experience with her was unpleasant .
the sandwich itself left much to be desired of .
thanks but no thanks .
i thought that was extremely unprofessional and rude !
i went in to get a pedicure for myself .
so it pains me to write this review !
instead we just walked out and didn't tip them .
it was kind of rude .
i will not be returning .
i won't be back .
anyway , this time my oldest picked indian .
my daughter got chicken tikka masala , her favorite .
these , too , were fine .
no fine dining but not bad .
to be fair it was dead .
it was right under the empty toilet paper dispenser .
maybe we hit them on a bad night .
the meat is not fresh or it's over cooked .
i won't be returning to this restaurant again .
what kind of asian dish doesn't come with rice .
i will not return even with groupon .
terrible , terrible , terrible service .
i can't even believe i was treated like this .
great selection , lacking service .
they too were " meh . "
amazon is where i will buy toys now .
you just lost a lot of business .
just to come out empty handed .
the whole room is out dated .
not worth the money .
so it doesn't makes sense to me .
very very dirty carpet .
front desk people are unprofessional idiots .
if you stay here you get what you deserve .
the furniture could use updating .
the front desk was helpful .
having only bathroom for six people was not !
oh my back is killing me .
the check in process was slow .
the room was blah .
sure could use some updates .
cleanliness is not their first priority .
but it has gone downhill badly .
my most recent stay in september was horrible .
the lock on my room door didn't work .
the carpets in the hall were dirty and smelly .
the food served for breakfast was inedible .
i won't be staying here again .
this place is gross .
and everything looks dingy and old .
internet does not work .
it was the smallest room i've ever been in .
very outdated and paper thin walls .
hurry up and get her a room .
she's been complaining of not feeling well . "
unfortunately , no one ever returned my call .
needless to say - no sleep for me .
horrible excuse for a hotel room .
the sink was dirty .
halls were dirty , breakfast sucked .
i don't even want to give one star .
the food is mediocre at best .
all i had was a potato .
this is not one of the better valley locations .
i didn't get to place the order .
bull crap i have records !
other people were having the same problem .
got my potato soup and it was cold .
the cheese on top wouldn't even melt .
my tuna sandwiches was tasteless .
there was no flavor to it .
but they made the sandwich wrong .
no how are you today ?
i couldn't eat was so gross .
this place wasn't very good .
it was old , dry bread with old tomatoes .
i couldn't even finish it .
would not recommend at all .
worst service ever and worst management !
( looked to be roaches ) and was filthy .
my girlfriend and i were horrified .
i couldn't even finish my food .
i wish i could give them no stars .
i received my ring back , paid the fees .
super irritated , i waited the week .
i am absolutely disgusted with this store .
she argued with me that it wasn't from there .
no selection and feels pretty cramped .
stick with foot locker .
i don't get cold stone .
i can't rate this place because it's not there .
horrible business practice will never return there again .
nothing else in it , not what we ordered .
the most filthy experience and rude service .
the customer service at this place was terrible .
two were not helping with customers at all .
ice cream was not cold enough .
i will never step foot in this store again .
dont bother with this place .
but was told there are no refunds .
i am extremely disappointed in this chandler mall location .
i was very disappointed !
the customer service at this store was horrible .
we couldnt even get them from other stores !
first of all , we're not from the street .
i went back and i asked to return them .
they always ask , " are you sure ? "
the apple store sells computers .
and more importantly , the apple store repairs computers .
and then the wait .
horrible , horrible , horrible .
because service here was awful .
before here , i had went to verizon .
they run this place like it's a doctors office .
this experience left me with a lot of questions .
wouldn't come here unless i was absolutely desperate .
i'm calling bs on this .
something is smelling like rotten apples !
then the two of them walked off .
can the service get any worse ?
guess it's going to snow in phoenix pretty soon .
one person to help every customer is the worst .
i left without any face time or questions answered .
i am extremely disappointed at the customer service .
are you kidding me ?
ya i signed off that that may happen .
i will no longer be recommending apple products .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
the staff ( including management ) is really arrogant .
not worth even a single star .
stay away from this apple store .
talk about the worst .
now this store , straight crap .
she treats everything like gold .
they replaced the phone and solved the issue .
you have lost my business .
some of the worst customer service i've come across .
and they have not solved my issue at all .
total waste of time because of incompetent scheduling lady .
that is not the way to handle customer service .
( assuming phone is somewhat working ) .
the customer should never know more than the salesman .
there were more staff in the store then customers !
this is not helpful at all to the customer .
horrible customer service for your customers .
omg , what a nightmare !
tech support was rude .
completely obvious mistakes , visible to the naked eye .
is a customer worth that little ?
however , the maintenance for their pieces is terrible .
disrespectful and did i say rude ?
i would never recommend them .
take your money and go elsewhere .
the man doing my nails tried and failed .
she had to go elsewhere to get fixed .
i won't be back .
hard to communicate most of time .
first time at party nails and the experience sucked .
so avoid her please .
if you hate your job , quit .
they are money hungry assholes .
which isn't good customer service if you ask me .
i walked out one day .
won't go here anymore .
i hate salesmen that lie .
sadly i broke my promise and came back .
i ordered corned beef hash and eggs .
the eggs were cold .
the corn beef has was not cooked and cold .
i will not be back .
the truth is it was nothing special .
the food is just that , nothing special .
lastly , the food just isn't that good .
you fell off the wall .
therefore , there is a honey shortage .
blatantly serving me fake honey is not ok.
i am not convinced .
very disappointed with this visit .
the mixed greens are just gross .
nothing to write home about .
when the food came it was barely warm .
the only good thing was the remodel .
disappointed in the changes they've made .
never never purchase an extended warranty from lowes .
it's quite a scam they have going on .
not a worker in sight .
girl at checkout asked if i found everything ok .
she only responded with a blank stare .
obviously there was no interest in selling the refrigerator .
absolutely the worst customer service !
such a load of crap .
tried the nachos last time , they were good .
we will not be going back .
no toppings at all .
this is no way to run a business !
i paid extra for grilled veggies and extra chicken .
what i got was an underwhelming bowl .
not worth driving out of my way for .
this place is the absolute worst to deal with .
they do not stand behind their products .
after only a few months they went bad .
the feta cheese was dry .
drove from se gilbert for chili omelette so disappointed !
at least the other locations are apparently staying open .
review is for the service department .
unprofessional at best , dishonest at worst .
if i could go lower i would .
they replaced the transmission on my company vehicle .
no big deal , all under warranty .
( without ever even raising my voice ) .
worst car buying experience i have ever had .
service department lacks customer service .
now my wife can't get to work .
we left feeling very scammed and disappointed .
having first oil change in this little car .
employees using the same restroom customers do .
no other information was given .
that seems a bit strange to me .
my husband and i could not believe these folks .
bad treatment for customers .
took hours and hours and the salesman was obnoxious .
my car was not clean .
really makes me not like freeway chevrolet .
plus i already have financing through my bank .
i gave one star because i couldn't give none .
everybody else was very rude .
the seating in the waiting room was minimal .
change oil and rotate tires .
i promise they wont disappoint on that end .
i understand why you must charge more .
this is the second time this has been done .
they are just ridiculous .
i just don't get it .
its too bad because some dealers do .
i reply with " hell no .
i waited another week and sent another text .
i was told no more car washes .
wasn't part of their original offer .
go elsewhere to buy your chevy or used vehicle .
possibly the worst buying experience ever !
would you guys quit already !
stay far away from this crooked bunch .
don't waste your time dealing at this place .
seems like a scam to me !
that 's a bit lengthy though .
sorry , bad suggestion .
the appointments don't mean anything .
not a good idea .
needless to say the warranty ended .
this dealership is one of the worst !
well my old loan is still not paid .
sitting there and hearing this crap made me sick .
i won't be coming back .
they said there was no going back !
i ended up waiting for almost three hours instead .
but again lack of communication .
and then you keep calling me .
a total waste of time .
total waste of time and money .
waste of money and time .
cvs minute clinic dropped the ball , big time !
i saw no reason to be concerned .
then we walks away .
guess what ; no sales associate .
this home depot will not get my business again .
cranky , clearly didn't care about us .
my fianc and i ordered a product online .
she did not smile once the whole time .
apparently neither men could check out an online purchase .
they were very rude .
place needs new employees .
everyone is rude and unfriendly .
dont know why i keep coming here .
there was no one around to ask for help .
which is not the case .
i guess the hampton doesn't work under those terms .
sometimes you really should listen to your patients .
i will not be returning .
when she answered the phone she already sounded annoyed .
we can not recommend this doctor .
instead i sat there wondering where she went .
workers are super slow .
this is the worst customer service .
nope , wasn't taken care of two weeks later .
wish we never left verizon .
this is the worst store .
if i could give negative stars i would .
the worst customer service on this planet .
i can't believe how ridiculous that is .
apparently neither they nor can fix their posted hours .
second , i hate to complain .
our lights didn't work in our room .
the housekeeping staff needs additional training .
the breakfast food selection was poor .
the television signal was terrible .
the room layout is awkward .
i will never return nor will i recommend .
taco bell cooks better .
there were a few patrons sitting down .
i went back for lunch .
it was not explained very clearly on the menu .
in the end , i just felt ripped off .
the food here is ok but nothing special .
the service and ambiance are very lacking .
very slow service this time .
she can't eat beef .
well it was beef and now she is sick .
when they are full they can't handle the volume .
unfortunately i got screwed !
did not feel me up .
that was not cool .
came in to send out some flat rate boxes .
the worst nail place ever .
does not earn even one star .
would not let my son use the customer bathroom .
she was completely rude .
she was pre paid so could care less .
i am not allowed to return to her store .
employees need more training .
worst customer service - ever !
prices are very affordable and the food is ok .
the food itself was pretty mediocre .
i will not be back again .
no bueno , nothing to write home about .
we went back inside and there was no room .
sadly , i was unimpressed .
the food wasn't bad but good is a stretch .
overall i would not eat here again .
we won't be going back .
for us , the food was not memorable .
i won't be going back .
very generic subpar food at high prices .
i then proceeded to wait until friday !
they eventually printed out another one with much trouble .
don " t do business with these guys !
overall it was an ok experience .
no fridge , the ac didn't work properly .
will not be staying at this hotel again .
working with fine point finished was awful .
they were terrible with communication .
many times i never received a phone call .
we lost several hundreds of dollars to this company .
do not use this company .
worst experience of my life .
i have been to the dentist before .
oh , and it's not over .
seriously the worst , absolute experience of my life .
they didn't really know why i was there yet .
the cake decorating section is piss poor .
ignoring us doesn't make us go away .
this store needs a serious corporate overhaul .
the customer service level also needs some upgrading .
very bad customer service .
if i could rate them any lower i would .
disgusting , filthy , cramped store .
it's also messy and cramped !
keep your candy bars , chandler residence inn .
no respect for platinum members !
the sears employees didn't even know when they closed .
that 's poor customer service .
it indeed was sears to my surprise !
i know , we're weird .
but we got sick of getting sick .
other than that , the ambiance was irritating .
i won't be back .
so this review is nothing against the company itself .
poorly seasoned , and yes , frequently undercooked .
another two times the rice was under cooked .
portion size is way down .
first off the place was a hot mess today .
oh , and the rice was under cooked also .
however this location was incredibly rude to me .
going to the chandler mall one from now on .
this place has really gone downhill .
now i remember why i don't eat chipotle anymore .
my rice is hard my lettuce looks old .
and the service is the slowest i've ever had .
to never forget how big our burrito is .
unfortunately this one is pretty lame .
neither meat is anything i'd recommend or buy again .
i had the wood fire grilled salmon .
quite irritating and inconsiderate actually .
the clam chowder tasted canned .
actually the restaurant in general has gone downhill .
i couldn't even finish the meal .
first bad experience though .
it may have just been a bad night .
unless you are just craving red lobster skip it .
: / not cool .
and the tartar sauce , has no taste .
another waiter brought us out our food .
this was expensive night out .
sadly we will never go here again .
this night at red lobster was the worst .
it actually smelled like chemicals and building materials .
next was a caesar salad , which was good .
i was really unimpressed and thought it was bland .
for dessert , i had the brownie .
lobster was not fully cooked .
it was less than mediocre !
my scallops smelled funny and tasted bad .
our only positive thing was our server .
don't waste your time or money at this place !
walked around the restaurant .
nasty , salty and buttery food .
the place wasn't even busy that night .
and the mussels were dry not seasoned and cold !
no will i recommend to people i know ?
f # # k no !
nothing on the menu looked fresh .
yes , it tasted like frozen salt water seafood .
will not return again .
just real bad service .
there is no happy hour .
the lobster on both was over done and rubbery .
the server larry is very rude .
very bland tasting everything from start to finish .
this is where it begins .
sadly , i will never eat here again .
pad thai : average ( at best ) flavor .
tom yum soup tasted only like chicken broth .
update : wait is way too long .
the dish was so salty i couldn't finish it .
the only vegetarian oyster is an oyster mushroom !
overall nothing really stood out .
the waitress came and grabbed the dish away .
it was just ok .
she talked as if she was annoyed .
such an unacceptable behavior .
totally ruined my day .
never going back to be treated so terribly .
even upon arriving , i was utterly disappointed .
my duck was burnt as well ) .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
worst thai restaurant i ever visited .
their curry dishes are awful .
i was not happy with taste .
this pizza hut location has poor customer service !
i won't be ordering from here again .
threw my appetite off !
just like macaroni grill .
not a fan of oily over-cooked pasta .
i most likely wont be going back .
i like pepper but not overpowering .
we skipped dessert and took my leftover pasta home .
we ate at carrabba 's in chandler last night .
the service left a lot to be desired .
the caesar salad was horrible .
cheese melted but outside tasted like old grease .
the salad was lettuce , carrots and dressing .
i am not even exaggerating the hour wait .
and sauce won't help this overcooked piece of meat !
just from eating the salad and a couple bites .
the service was awful .
the ambiance was very wrong for a carrabba 's .
the staff could not be anymore friendly !
but the food was not good at all .
my husband just ate what he got .
even the soup , i mean really ?
waited forever for check , you get the point .
and i tried again tonight .
that dish shouldn't have left the kitchen that way .
a little too late .
it wasn't impressive for what you pay for .
they really skimp on the salad dressing .
once he addressed it , it was still no .
stingy greedy corporate management .
it was greasy and tasteless !
wtf don't recommend coming here !
can't get the time right ?
not so sure about this place anymore .
another fail for this store .
i don't get it .
today 's meal failed even that low standard .
the california omelet was not much better .
the veggies and cheese were barely cooked .
you shouldn't have " no , seriously .
she really shouldn't have .
i do not understand it !
ok sorry for the rant .
all in all a pretty bad experience .
it's like they just don't care .
overpriced , underwhelming food .
it makes me die a little to write that .
i don't understand this place .
my wife had the chicken mushroom lettuce wrap .
the bread was cold and hard .
kids like it and its not a bad vibe .
if zero was a choice i'd go with that .
i'll be back , but not for breakfast .
btw , the food is under cook !
food was also slow getting out .
worst service i've ever received at a cheesecake factory .
will not be returning .
customer service was not that great .
why not just have us wait ?
i can't stand the taste and smell of them .
the catfish actually looked like fried chicken .
will not be back .
the waitress had no idea i was there again .
our food was so bland .
just a huge bowl of noodles no flavor .
yes it's not made fresh and shipped from california .
almost no sauce so we sent it back .
guess i'm not the only one .
no server to be found .
very disappointing for such an expensive upper scale restaurant .
that wasn't any fun .
i'm really disappointed with them .
never come back to this place .
got orders all wrong .
regardless the wait time service was just horrible .
i probably won't come to this location again .
because there is virtually no flavor .
the burger was undercooked .
probably the worst pasta i have ever tried anywhere .
he started off really bad and didn't even smile .
later on it got better .
this review isn't about that .
this is based on my incredibly disappointing dining experience .
twenty something minutes later , my plantains came .
everyone else had already eaten .
my food was then cold .
it was kind of pathetic .
the shrimp was so dry and overcooked .
the noodles were a little bland .
this dish was nothing spectacular .
kind of a disappointment .
major food poisoning at this place .
first bad experience at a cheesecake factory .
won't be going back to this location .
don't eat here if you're vegan .
the waiter asked me if i wanted cheesecake .
no one there ; no one around .
must be having a bad day or something .
the bathroom was not clean and not well kept .
the starbucks cafe was a joke .
the gals behind the counter were slow and rude ?
i went to customer service to get my refund .
not my favorite place .
fail hugo from best buy of chandler !
what a customer service nightmare !
i would not come here again for anything .
wow this place is surprisingly bad .
the worst customer service .
the management at every level is horrid .
too expensive on most products .
it was not busy at all .
they might not last anywhere else .
horrible service and product knowledge , even worse .
never shopping here again .
they would not help me .
auto pay should just be done in the store .
worst customer service experience ever !
i grabbed my tower and went to my truck .
don't waste your time .
bad attitude , bad review .
staff and manager did not care and were rude .
i actually find the meat market vibe annoying .
it used to be incredible .
the server was very polite .
and the place was not even full of people .
bad service do not recommend going there .
it comes down to service or lack of .
we very nearly left , thoroughly disgusted .
we probably won't go back .
very cool environment but the worst and slowest service .
very disappointed in the way she handled it .
very disappointing food quality .
isn't that a side dish ?
chicken with mozzarella sandwich and i had the salmon .
the rice was swimming in soy sauce and pineapple .
the salmon , just more frozen fair .
the ciabatta roll was dry and tasteless .
its a shame they can't handle both .
are you kidding me ?
my crab crunch roll , however , was wrong .
these tasted like stale styrofoam .
not a nice dude .
what a huge disappointment .
unfortunately the service was horrible .
however , not anytime soon .
i am not sure if i will go back .
none were to be found !
our waitress refilled our drinks and then disappeared !
it's very disappointing - the service isn't always great .
the service is slow and the sushi isn't consistent .
once again its not consistent .
however , the main dishes are mediocre at best .
not on any planet .
the oriental salad i ordered lacked presentation .
i doubt we will be back .
don't think ill be visiting a kona grill again .
don't think ill be visiting a kona grill again .
should have stuck to the food court .
menu is limited and expensive .
service is ridiculously slow .
taste of food is just meh .
bathroom is dirty with trash on floor .
lighting is awful and makes you sleepy .
expensive mistake to make while hungry .
next time , well , anything else .
she said " ok " and walked away .
very small sushi portions !
the place was a mess .
the chicken was lackluster and barely crusted or cooked .
the service was nonexistent .
the entrees also took so long to prepare .
i would not come back .
it's not worth it - esp .
for how much money kona charges too .
i said not good .
worst sushi and service ever !
might try again another time probably not .
i'm sorry bummed about this place .
thick , thick , tough chicken .
my friend 's order came out wrong .
then the manager insisted it was correct .
sushi is decent , but service is very slow .
a miss for me .
i'm bummed about this though .
the selection is really , really slim .
their serviced wasn't acceptable !
i was like no i dont !
this is a bad !
never will i or my family go back .
now i can not even get the phone answered .
the worst hotel experience ever .
never will stay in hyatt again .
they left us high and dry .
they didn't even have the courtesy to call us .
i don't know what went wrong with this place .
the last few times were terrible .
i think i'm just going to find another location .
i've never seen a burger so gross .
service is always horrible .
the burger was nothing like the photo .
i will not be rushing back to this place .
don't waste your time with this location .
so i didn't even bother to order more .
not a good value for the money .
the service is poor also .
i would not recommend this restaurant .
we walked out and i will never come back .
i left hungry and pissed off .
i left hungry and pissed off .
what on earth happened here ?
new decor and no service .
not even a lot .
she was giving me an attitude and everything .
ruined my experience and i will not be back .
that is so unbelievably disgusting !
terrible service towards the end .
probably won't be back .
i've never had such terrible service .
our food was cold and the broccoli was rubbery .
it was so bad .
i would not recommend this place .
burger was horribly overcooked !
i don't know why people like red robin .
first off , the service was bad .
the food isn't all that great .
so i guess none of it was good .
my food came out cold and dry .
a straw will not work .
not my best experience .
whiskey river wrap dry and not very full .
i'm not sure why everything took so long today .
smoothies are n't supposed to be watery !
i don't do screaming .
but just don't say i didn't warn you .
i ordered a soup in a sourdough bread bowl .
service was very slow for just soup and sandwich .
frankly , it was ridiculous .
the soup itself was tomato garlic .
we didn't have a great experience here .
then again , most likely not .
even the customers were rude !
with a totally inappropriate tone .
i probably should have because i'm still completely offended .
she was so rude .
i'm so sorry ! "
the register with unhappy stunned faces .
this was terribly overcooked .
it is a shame and an amateur mistake .
generic , flavorless food .
disappointed and won't be returning .
my wife refuses to be near me .
there is nothing " fantastic " about this place .
no smiles or friendly attitude at all .
worst of all was the haircut itself .
one of the worst haircuts i ever had .
i will not go back there .
any how i came in on a saturday afternoon .
the end of the session was the worst .
bottom line , i will never be back .
worst mexican in the valley .
it's like the rainforest cafe of mexican food .
what an disaster of a restaurant .
the sangria tastes like fruit juice - ick .
but it's also for the most part very forgettable .
i will not be back .
the chips were also nothing special .
mediocre food and so so service .
chips greasy and thin .
salsa thin and watery .
i was starving ( what else is new ? )
when dessert was offered , we politely declined .
i was very embarrassed .
first off , the atmosphere was nice .
the refried beans were very bland .
no lard for sure !
my guess , flank or skirt steak !
the veggies under it were not mexican !
they were soupy and tasted like liquid smoke !
just gross and very over priced !
shrimp cocktail was terrible .
hit a street taco vendor instead .
husband complained of not many fixings .
nothing special about it at all .
the cheese was weird .
the rice was tasteless like they didnt use spices .
same went for the beans just bland and yuck .
beer was ok i guess - got a pitcher .
i'd never go back .
they were okay , nothing special .
it was very bad .
still deciding , huh ? "
and then walked away .
the charge was taken off the bill .
the food was not impressive nor was the service .
tasted a little watered down .
jalapeo fritters were the best thing i ate .
the green one is just plain offensive .
the salsa left much to be desired .
honestly , the whole meal was just ick .
i would avoid this restaurant .
unfortunately , i was quite disappointed .
their green salsa is out of this world .
there was a digital screen on our table !
no seasonings to speak of .
bland , bland , bland !
i had some shrimp , quesadillas and poppers .
shrimp was good but rice was stale .
i was not happy with what i ate .
the rice was cold and the beans were dry .
quite frankly i've had better mexican food elsewhere .
hardly any room for salsa .
i was totally wrong !
horrible rude disgusting food !
and was very bland and flavorless .
it was instant potatoes !
nothing was worth going back for .
this is not authentic mexican food .
and i do love mac .
over the weekend , on sat .
she was horrible , very bad customer service .
so thumbs down to mac this weekend .
the mac counter is the worse !
horrible stuck up over made up stuck up associates .
i had the worse experience at mac yesterday .
employees are rude and completely unhelpful .
i had the worse experience at mac yesterday .
the worst people work here .
very short and rude .
ummmm , let me check . "
every time my experience here get 's worse .
really there should be no stars .
no customer service at all .
i was very disappointed with the service .
so they replaced it after a few weeks .
please don't spend your money here .
it was never opened .
why don't they just take the sign down .
goodbye , i'm going to macy 's .
the worst customer service ever !
no card , no number .
don't buy anything from sears .
at that price it should have been done professionally .
at the end , i am returning everything .
please avoid at all costs !
it indeed was sears to my surprise !
i walk in the mall frequently .
what poor customer service consistently .
they must not associate their name with pizza .
not that good , and too expensive .
she asked for tomatoes , but no sauce .
so there is obvious a service issue here .
otherwise there is no reason to eat here .
crappy service , just ok food .
the crust was so thin and tough to chew .
service was a little slow .
but that wasn't what bothered me .
hands down worst experience ever !
our waiter was just lost .
patrick he was awesome !
she then walked away also .
i wasn't too happy about .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
the smell of the restroom ruined my meal .
but this spot wasn't anything spectacular .
very bland and doughy .
horrible customer service here .
baja fresh is going down hill .
the dread i felt when i saw them .
this location is pretty bad .
so we charge what the computer says . "
she rang up the jeans at the discounted price .
that 's not exactly accurate .
well , i choose , too .
the worst service ever .
why not check it out .
thanks but no thanks .
the olive garden is bad .
( did i just blow your mind ? )
its reheated packaged food .
the service however was mediocre to poor .
the waiter needs to learn proper etiquette .
i'm not coming to this og again !
just a follow up to my earlier review .
also , breadsticks are free of charge , too .
( but they are really salty . )
went there for mother 's day and very disappointed .
the food was absolutely terrible .
the food seemed quite bland .
fast food experience at sit down prices .
it was twenty minutes for our drinks to arrive .
waitress got our take-out order wrong .
this was not even the dinner rush !
lots of workers were standing around all the time .
they all looked like chickens without heads .
it's almost like it was old chicken or something .
i tried to eat it but i just couldn't .
service was ok - nothing special .
i really mean all of them !
what happened to this place tonight i thought ?
never to come back during late dinner hours .
the dining room was virtually empty !
went in the bar , tables open but dirty .
i try to never eat here .
the food is bland and overpriced .
very bland food here .
but this place is very overrated .
this situation alone was bad enough .
i didn't need to horrible service too .
purchased from their online site , had original receipt .
the service was pretty bad .
there was no cold water .
there is not a very good barrier between rooms .
they might eventually get to fixing , or not .
this is not the same company .
extremely bad customer service on this one .
their fries are terrible too as of late .
unfortunately , i can not rate by service alone .
consistently gets order wrong .
went to mcdonald 's across the street instead .
apparently wendy 's doesn't open until 10am .
brought a flash drive to have them make copies .
very poor quality control .
i am planning on sending it back !
don't get their tire rotation and balance program plan .
bad experience with their member service team today .
so i did not get my x-rays either .
the other dentists would not comment about another office .
i'm having the same problems as the other reviews .
this place is a total scam .
please avoid at all costs and spread the word .
i couldn't feel it obviously but it looked painful .
i felt like pizza so this was closest stop .
coke i'm assuming because she seen my water .
we won't be going back .
it was hardly filling .
i was really disappointed .
we were all a little disappointed to be honest .
but the pizza , i thought , was subpar .
a margarita pizza with no sauce .
would not return to this location .
the food was just bad .
garlic cheesy bread was burnt and soggy .
my hat goes off to him for trying .
" are you going to get a drink ? "
the chips and salsa were not good .
group dinner here was terribly bland .
this is the olive garden of phoenix .
but the service last night was not so good .
really disappointing last night .
just not my thing .
i will not be going back .
it is unfortunate because i love the food here .
i was not impressed at all .
they made no offer to help out .
probably not to eat though .
chipotle is overdone and overrated in our opinion .
really expected some unique delicious food and were disappointed .
very disappointed as i know they can do better .
our waitress seem over worked and under extreme pressure .
the manager did not address our concerns .
i will not return to this location .
will not be going back .
manager was rude ruined the entire experience for us .
this dinner was low scale .
dh got a draft beer which was flat .
i do not like the smoky flavor of chipotle .
sw caesar - chipotle dressing .
it wasn't listed as having it .
shrimp and guac tostada bites .
no idea if it had chipotle sauce .
if not - it's a minor miracle .
tired of paying for food we won't eat .
the salsa is chipotle too .
tortilla soup tastes like baby food .
don't waste your money or time .
we said ok stop explaining like we are cheap .
price is way too expensive .
trouble getting a table at pf changs ?
the tiramisu shooter isn't as good .
it's not a good place for authentic chinese food .
yeah , they were ok , a bit salty .
my entree was no where to be seen .
i'm surprised they dropped the ball so badly .
hopefully , i won't have to come here again .
not even an apology for my previous experiences .
she could not seem to find out .
this is the worst chang 's for customer service .
the second time was awful !
no it has not , sir !
i didn't like it at all .
i'm sad about this .
the service this time was mediocre at best .
what a lousy experience !
she says no word of greeting to anyone .
too bad the experience did not match .
i really wish i had n't .
they manager could have cared less .
either way not a good sign .
could have had the same quality at pei wei .
the food wasn't fresh and the service was awful .
she was unpleasant and made our night uncomfortable .
it was a rare family night ruined .
let 's begin with arrival .
so , then , you've been seated .
it's just not the same .
but my orange chicken was not all that great .
and my waiter wasn't the most attentive .
awesome shoes but the employees suck .
they just chill at the register .
the customer service sucked .
no longer at chandler mall .
but they have the slowest bartender and kitchen .
it was like she was on slow mode .
meanwhile my bowling minutes are waiting away .
the worst customer service i've ever experienced .
very disappointed with my monday night bowling experience .
the coupon was not expired !
very disappointed at this point .
i had a very disappointing experience .
this particular visit yesterday was terrible .
i said i have receipt and they have tags .
i said marie just finish ringing me no problem .
this is where it gets awful !
she gave me her card and was embarrassed .
i will not be shopping further in this store .
unbelievable how the clerk treated customers .
waste of money and time .
the customer service is very poor .
you wait hours and they stare at you .
i refuse give spend money when treated so disrespectful .
our experience there has been a nightmare .
how low class can you get ?
very disappointed with the waiter and manager 's attention .
veggies hard as rocks .
the food was good , just very poor service .
sitting in firebirds as i write this .
the food was tasteless , bland , not good .
my husband 's steak was the worst .
one huge mistake in our meal though .
thin and gray throughout .
my stomach was not so patient though .
the side was supposed to be asparagus .
most likely will never go back .
nothing impressed me and the food was terrible .
the rest of our evening goes as follows .
it was an overall terrible experience .
even the soda had too much syrup in it .
they made my fianc old-fashioned incorrectly .
it was bland and tasteless .
thanks keg for making this holiday one to forget .
they brought out the wrong salad twice !
and again brought out wrong main course .
needs better trained staff .
they did my eyebrows , and it was fine .
i won't go back .
salon , which got worse as it went on .
she absolutely ruined my hair .
i left , in tears .
i was assured that this was not a problem .
i was not pleased and mentioned it .
i was not happy at all !
i would give it no stars if i could .
my salad pissed me off .
man did this place suck .
sunday night , dead as dead can be .
avocado egg rolls were just deep fried guacamole .
i felt horrible for the table next to us .
they advertise their pizza as chicago style deep dish .
and it was so overpriced it wasn't funny .
the appetizers were just ok .
nothing to get thrilled over .
what a horrible idea .
it sure didn't look like the picture .
slow service and cold nachos .
overall not a good effort .
we had a mixed experience here today .
had terrible service and almost left .
hard to find parking at this mall .
experience tells me this is not a good sign .
i wish that was all there was to say .
the service was slow , and minimal at best .
big wait for a big let down .
food and beer were good but the atmosphere sucked .
are you kidding me ?
i visit this location very often .
i rarely have a bad experience .
my bacon cheese burger was dry and bland too .
one of the worst experiences ever .
was busy but not crazy crowded .
waitress was not attentive .
nothing quite like a dip sandwich with no dip .
our waters continued to stay empty .
i'm just very disappointed with this visit .
like , blatantly says he has an incompetent staff .
nothing was a priority to her .
not sure but felt so disrespected .
we will not go back !
i'm familiar with bj 's just not this location .
customer service was also not the greatest .
it cramped and this is not it .
would not give this location any business .
i couldn't find the place .
she was rude and didn't even greet us .
but i will be avoiding this starbucks location .
both times i've been beyond disappointed with service .
horrible horrible customer service !
and again , test came back negative .
i was busy , so my mom brought him .
i would avoid coming here at all costs .
this office is a nightmare of incompetence .
nothing wrong with the glass or electronics .
i can not speak to their repair work .
the service was snobby and rude .
the service is clearly substandard and snobby .
zero respect for other peoples time .
the flemings potatos were terrible !
our drinks sat empty quite often .
i would expect better .
i wont lie , these were amazing !
this place has gone downhill big time !
so everyone else had to watch me eat .
i was very disappointed .
i left extremely disappointed with both .
our server mickey was great , no complaints there .
that , we did , unfortunately .
nothing else on my plate , just the steak .
i know , i know .
for the price i would not go there again .
too expensive for mid level quality .
and this place has never been comparable .
for the prices , go to capital grille !
chandler is pretty disappointing with there options of restaurants .
not worth the drive .
lots of money for not much quality .
the mashed potatoes were flavorless .
overall , the seasoning of the food was substandard .
flemings you deserve and have better servers .
the hostess stand was really disorganized .
lastly , no draft beer .
wasn't a great experience .
maybe skip this location .
point is , no one touched the table .
do not have any reasons to return .
pains me to say it was a disappointment .
tonight , however was a different story .
the truffle mashed potatoes were good .
she did not eat but one bite .
i will not be returning .
it was a waste of my hard earned money .
i will never step foot in this store again .
food was not so good .
is it always so bland ?
i wanted so much to like pei wei .
i went twice , getting different dishes both times .
it was very disappointing .
first , it was not extra spicy at all .
i believe normally this is not the case here .
today i am on the fence .
im thinking they were just having a bad day .
nothing like the advertisement .
shame on that manager .
the food wasn't worth it .
i'm never going back .
this time , they used round noodles .
no , they were vermicelli .
my food wasn't much better in terms of quality .
but , would i recommend pei wei to anyone ?
even panda express is better than this place .
the place was a disaster .
the sight was gross .
they served me raw beef .
prob won't return to this location .
good gosh this place has run downhill .
worst experience i ever had .
the food was horrible .
the honey seared chicken was over cooked and tough .
the worst part was going to the restroom .
it was soggy and had fatty pieces in it .
the lettuce was junk lettuce .
these people are horrible .
i would not recommend them to anyone !
i was very disappointed today .
anyway , i hate these shady sales tactics .
now i know why i avoid this place .
really needs a remodel and new management .
just bad customer service imho !
won't be back till this store has new management .
i will never patronize this pig pen ever again !
they give other dennys a bad name .
bottom line , slow , rude , dirty .
they lost two clients .
this is vet place not a bank .
i would not recommend this business at all .
all they want is money .
she doesn't use it daily like other dogs .
are you effing kidding me ?
terrible place to live .
worst chinese food i have ever eaten .
the foul smell in the dining area didn't help .
you have been warned .
will not go back .
this is some extremely terrible chinese food .
the general sauce taste like pure salt .
there are no vegetables or egg or taste .
it wasn't the right color either .
it tasted very salty too .
some of the broccoli was yellow as well .
even the fortune cookie was bland .
i'm assuming that something changed about a year ago .
not really my idea of good time .
and this place has changed for the worse .
can't say the same about the food , though .
want a crap load of peanuts ?
a restaurant with peanut shells all over the place .
however , i didn't really expect much .
the wings are nothing special at all .
there is really nothing special about this place .
the fries were soggy and not crisp at all .
burger was not as juicy as other places .
it just felt dry .
either big fries , skinny fries , or tots .
the only thing that tasted good was my coke .
i don't see us going back .
can't beat their wings .
won't even order it again .
i am so frustrated !
food was too dry .
most unprofessional place i have ever been .
if i could rate a no stars i would .
this place is the definition of awful .
the apartments look nothing like them .
they just don't care !
do not rent from this complex !
my entire experience with this complex was horrible .
totally ruined my mood .
do not go to these people .
one star because i can't give less .
i hate pushy sales people .
i was very careful too .
do not spend money here they are evil !
no one said a word .
worst mcdonalds experience ever .
avoid this one folks .
drink was somewhat flat .
there were several other choices i could have made .
you would be wrong .
he did not want to spend time with us .
where is the negative star review ?
it feels dead inside .
just like a big warehouse , no ambiance .
i felt " wrong " for having gone there .
one star is far too kind .
when they did respond they were rude .
he was very slow .
don't bother with this company !
also , isn't a pedicure about your feet ?
i tried the door and it was locked .
this place is a rip off .
it was pretty gross .
big ones and baby ones .
ok nothing to be impressed with here .
the chicken taco was soggy .
it is cheap , i will say that much .
my veggie burrito came out quickly and steaming hot .
it was mostly a disappointment after that .
shredded iceberg doesn't count !
i mean , it was worse than taco bell .
" you just want your dollar back ? "
oh man , now she was pissed .
i doubt ill ever return to this establishment .
unfortunately it did not live up to expectations .
the burro was good , but messy .
after a few bites the whole burro fell apart .
but i will not be ordering a burro .
sadly , it went downhill from there .
she walked away and didn't return for several minutes .
i am a complete fish lover .
i checked out their website -- not too shabby !
the food , the service , utterly disappointing .
so i sat on a book aisle .
must be having a bad day or something .
it was very busy in the whole store .
do not get nails done here !
didn't thank me for the tip .
didn't have black nail polish ?
who doesn't have black nail polish ?
didn't even last a week !
plus tip , for all that mess !
i did not have a good experience at all .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
they are rude , inappropriate and so unprofessional !
it ultimately ruined our day .
extremely disappointed with the whole experience .
slowest fast food in america .
the hashbrowns were mushy and barely warm .
both our meals seemed just barely warm .
overall , probably wont be back for breakfast .
the food was disgusting .
there is a pizza hut across the street .
couldn't have been more disappointed !
food wasn't good enough to be mediocre .
no beans , chicken , cheese , nothing .
don't expect good service or food at this diner .
the yelp reviews lead us wrong this time .
i got the chicken fried steak .
it was just plain nasty .
i just don't think that we will go back .
btw no alcohol at all .
the food was greasy and bland .
the waitress was friendly but it felt forced .
nothing has been done that we can see .
way to say you're sorry .
what a load of trash !
just goes to show how much they dont care .
this is the absolute worst care i've ever recieved !
i will never return here .
never would of thought this would cost so much .
very bad and expensive company .
avoid this place and save your money !
the fries were soggy and greasy .
do yourself a favor and avoid this place .
service was poor , food not much better .
but not right by me .
we stopped here and that was a huge mistake .
anything but chicken . "
i ordered carne asada and my co-worker ordered machaca .
this is extremely bad customer service and completely unprofessional .
avoid at all costs .
the staff are loud in the mornings .
but stay away from this company .
the customer service is horrible .
i was amazed how unprofessional the company was .
unprofessional , no call back and no email back .
lindsay confirmed this and the process started .
so one of the two still has not closed .
worst customer service imaginable .
after the it went down the drain .
things seem to have gone downhill .
potatoes tasted funky in the yellow curry too .
they were slow and the food wasn't that good .
way too long to get food .
i was dead wrong .
sorry to write this bad review .
the quality of the food is not there .
we would not go back to this restaurant again .
we ate here once and will never go back .
the pad thai had no flavor .
good for the food , just ignore the service .
the food was absolutely horrible !
worst thai place in gilbert .
i will never walk in that place again .
anyway , food comes out .
no heat , no flavor , nothing .
is the tea made of gold ?
the staff was difficult and very rude .
sorry , lost customer .
this place needs some serious management !
regularly mess up your order .
c'mon mcdonalds , get your stuff together !
the service at night is beyond bad .
they ignore you when you're standing at the register .
i feel like i'm bothering them just ordering something .
it's often a bit dirty to boot .
the fries were soggy and disgusting as well .
isn't that why we go there ?
asked for no onions got lump of pickles .
what once was a treat is truly crap .
no you can't go back .
no longer healthy - seems like bait and switch .
i'm disappointed in your corporate decisions .
i tried but again they failed .
i am so angry .
i will never go to sonic again .
remind me never to drive thru here again .
if i check-in again - shoot me .
i asked for no mayo and got mayo .
that pretty much ruins the burger .
caused her to ask " is this chicken ? "
so that must have been pretty bad .
we also substituted onion rings for fries .
this was a horrible disappointment !
this place is awful .
i didn't think you could mess up tater tots .
well i'm not stupid .
that 's just absolutely ridiculous to me .
i get it , mistakes happen .
nothing was ever acknowledged , there was no apology .
also , nothing has a price tag on it .
they don't even know the price .
they also are not overly helpful or friendly .
guess they don't need my money .
it was a disappointment .
would not recommend ever .
crab puffs are ok , large portion size .
it's not my favorite .
it doesn't appear or smell the cleanest .
this lady almost killed me with her bad dentistry .
nothing to say taking my review down !
well , not kind of , it is .
hell to the no .
this was pathetic beyond description .
i can only describe the food as flavorless .
the food is a bit overpriced and very mediocre .
similar prices but better atmosphere and way better food !
overpriced , flavorless , and poor quality .
the food here is not good .
sure tastes like it .
the servers are condescending , lazy & rude .
terrible food and a pushy waiter !
not good at all and had a funny taste .
he just kept coming back and coming back .
mine had no seasoning at all .
the rice was old and hard .
the drinks were horrible .
the kids meals don't include a drink .
but they failed the test on every level !
my waitress no where to be found .
i have eaten only two bites .
waitress comes over gets money .
they were very rude and had horrible attitudes .
i understand if someone has a bad day .
but customers should never feel uncomfortable !
it's like a toss of a coin .
we had the lunch special and were extremely disappointed .
the food left a lot to be desired .
you won't see me again anytime soon .
this was not authentic mexican food .
the rice and beans had no flavor .
you do not put american cheese in a relleno .
it is not a cheeseburger .
price wasn't worth what we ate .
service was friendly but food was totally nasty .
but the pharmacy is horrible .
i was so mad when i left this place .
very rude and not accomodating at all .
huh , i must really be missing something here .
my nail tech was bad .
the manicure was bad too .
we had a horrible experience .
too bad i left work to get them done .
seriously i have never been treated so rudely .
so save the time and money and go elsewhere .
and it began peeling off my nails .
i left without having my nails repaired .
i will never walk into this shop again .
hmm i was told 2-3 weeks .
she never spoke to me .
doesn't say a word .
i've been polite so far , despite my frustration .
she doesn't acknowledge me and is rude .
she was extremely rough and even cut my toe .
i hate this place .
they did a horrible job on my gel manicure .
most likely will not return .
i would not recommend this place at all .
i'll still go there for pedicures .
no one ever suggested i do that at elite .
staff attitude was awkward .
they kept taking other clients before me too .
i am so disappointed .
cheesy elevator music is playing overhead .
the english spoken was very poor .
my toes looked dumb .
their sushi menu is a bit confusing as well .
they charged me for my mistake .
this restaurant is not authentic .
so this place is not an exception .
- cream cheese , tempura .
this place also did not get the rice right .
over kill with the rice vinegar + sugar .
not good for takeout .
i just cancelled my order and went elsewhere .
except a bit slow .
don't order to go unless you are n't hungry .
the prices are n't that high .
but , the sushi items , rolls , etc .
my next sushi experience will be elsewhere .
they did not list any of their entrees .
to be honest the worst experience of my life .
they were just rude to me and my husband .
if i could i would put no stars !
but sadly , i was very disappointed !
so tired of the bs .
worst customer service i've ever experienced .
i can't believe i was treated this way .
this place is not worth the headache .
food was just ok and the service was marginal .
not again for me .
it was extremely dry and overcooked !
the mango roll came and was extremely boring .
incredibly rude to say the least .
don't waste ur money here .
bad reviews are a bitch !
i've never had such awful food before .
it was worse than bad fast food .
chicken isn't supposed to be grey , right ?
that was not the case however .
two totally different restaurants with the same name .
chandler location is the total opposite .
i think that 's being a little cheap .
will not be returning .
this location and owner is the worst !
their commitment to customer service sucks .
rip off , rude , incompetent .
please avoid just brakes .
incompetent and take forever this place !
they kept my car way too long !
get outta here and stop trying to scam people .
don't go to just brakes !
i will not recommend this vet .
i will try to be short .
and no explanation was ever offered !
after tonight though , i'll probably never return .
discount pays for this repair only through network .
in my opinion , they are not honest .
very arrogant , with terrible bedside manner .
he just said flat out no .
he cant walk , sleep , function .
avoid this doctor at all costs .
terrible experience with getting refills .
i hate this place !
incompetent doctor ( s ) and office staff .
i'm glad i looked it up .
they said no , but no apology . )
i will not be coming back .
shame on you gilbert center for family medicine .
this place is the worst .
i dread my visits .
terrible , awful experience .
the receptionists are rude and nasty .
there is no concern for people or the patient .
this made me late for work .
just walked out the room and cancel the appt .
this was not the case at all .
i am incredibly unhappy and disappointed .
this place does not even deserve one star .
i'm disgusted and so disappointed with this clinic .
it's not only me .
what a horrible experience with this clinic .
why wasting time dealing with all this hassle .
do not use this groomer !
al 's is no more .
plenty of chicken and mushrooms .
to be fair , it was takeout .
but i don't think that made any difference .
i will not be back .
we were sorely disappointed .
every single dish was flat and flavorless .
neither of our dishes came with rice .
poor old man working all by himself .
the place was empty .
the food was barely edible .
won't be coming back .
there was absolutely no pork .
the coconut soup was just mediocre at best .
it still leaked afterwards .
i can't help but not feel cheated .
sent my wife home crying .
this location is a complete joke .
without him , i would give this zero stars .
never get tires at fletcher !
to fix a flat ?
ultimately , i left without receiving service .
save yourself the headache do business elsewhere .
so , she paid the bill .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
hello that 's why people make appointments .
i just did not have tools to do it .
i just did not have tools to do it .
probably the most expensive mexican place of it's style .
are we going back ?
we were kind of disappointed .
fish was very skimpy and not good .
according to them they were bland .
overall , not a great experience .
first off , i'm a chimichanga freak .
is it a sit down place ?
do they bring me my food ?
they weren't even freshly made chips !
just rubbed me the wrong way .
that was almost unbearable .
all in all , lulu 's is just okay .
when the chips came they were cold and gross .
there was hardly any meat on the tacos .
sorry won't be going back !
lulu 's is my first attempt .
very skimpy for the price .
and didn't even give me i contact .
that 's just ridiculous .
beans tasteless and of course rice same thing .
looks like a family run business and nobody cares .
good location , horrible food , and horrible prices .
probably won't be coming back any time soon .
very expensive for nothing !
nothing worse than terribly old ice tea !
the refried beans were very runny .
the chicken was dry .
i could be wrong .
nothing to really stand out .
the lady at the cash register is so rude !
trust me , be warned and pick another restaurant .
ate here for the first time tonight .
also our food came with no hot sauce .
never had a problem .
went anyway , thinking maybe she was just busy .
nasty bar with awful service !
i've never been so disrespected by a bartender before !
i wish i could give this bar zero stars .
wait staff was not friendly .
dark , dingy , won't ever visit again !
are you kidding me ?
very unhappy with the treatment that i received .
no , it wasn't .
sadly , i was disappointed .
not my kind of music either .
this place sucked , even for gilbert .
so not my scene .
not my scene at all .
but it was just a strange feeling and layout .
stop over charging for drinks .
the food is mediocre , service and atmosphere terrible .
horrible atmosphere , horrible service .
left for mexican restaurant across the street .
i do not recommend this facility to anyone .
i would not suggest using this florist .
i repeat , don't come here !
this is no business but a joke !
rude service when i asked what the problem was .
don't waste your time or money !
i was so frustrated by that conversation .
two of us went for yearly exam .
and examination didn't seem thorough .
not impressed ; i do not recommend .
their coffee is terrible , too .
beyond that , i kind of hate this place .
it's just annoying how crowded this place is .
not at all what i ordered .
i stopped going here after my last visit .
the food is great , the service is terrible !
ordered bagels last week for my team of forty .
she kept giving me cheap ones .
the last two times have been poor .
she said nothing to acknowledge that .
she never said anything to me .
worst customer service , ever .
i will not visit this location again .
not impressed with this place .
unfortunately this one is not well maintained or staffed .
employees come in late an nobody seems to care .
on a crowded morning it is a mess .
very little salmon and green tomatoes .
cups of stuff laying around behind the counter everywhere .
she handed me my coffee and i left .
terrible service at this location .
that guy sucks . "
i was so insulted by this .
the staff is unorganized and very sloppy !
i do so for their consistent disappointment !
strangely , they say there is nothing on it .
avoid this store - and probably jamba juice completely !
there is not much of customer service at all .
atmosphere - gets my top rating .
i hate to say it .
the chips & salsa that followed were completely underwhelmed .
one word : dull .
no thanks , i need to taste something !
it is just a typical chain restaurant .
i just will not eat here anymore .
i was not impressed with this place .
the salsa was horrible .
even the margaritas left a lot to be desired .
there are way better mexican restaurants out there .
got the salsa but no chips !
i ate here before , never a problem .
seriously not worth it and i won't go back .
bad , bad , bad .
salsa tasted like tomato sauce .
neither my husband nor i could finish the food .
the service was terrible .
i will no longer go there after tonight .
i don't get the high rating on this restaurant .
unfortunately , we were not seated with menus .
well that was disappointing .
that would 've been a mistake .
couldn't taste the seafood at all .
first of all , the hostess was plain weird .
second , too much crap on the table .
might i suggest an awesome place ?
this was not good .
it wasn't bad , it just wasn't good .
the place looks amazing but the food is terrible .
will not go here again .
food wasn't anything amazing .
here is where the wheels fell off .
ultimately , all orders were taken .
entirely too long for mexican food of any quality .
very bland and flavorless .
the mahi mahi was very very dry .
the rice was very plain .
even the salsa was bland !
pollo rico was dry .
chips and salsa tasted like pace .
i won't go back .
i ordered chicken enchiladas with verde sauce .
there was nothing " verde " about it .
the food was pretty bland .
which is so not true !
attempted to give this restaurant another shot .
it did not go well .
this location in gilbert is awful .
needs no approval right ?
the problem with this location is the food .
i was extremely disappointed .
but it's my fault for trying this location .
late sunday brunch with my husband .
the rice was bland .
we probably won't be back .
we were there at noon and it was dead !
i can make a better margarita with bottled mixture .
the food was slow and the service even slower .
may or may not come back for awhile .
it is simply not worth the wait .
this place was shockingly terrible .
we were extremely disappointed .
well unfortunately i don't know that we'll be back .
however , this chain failed !
the pizza was a mess .
under cooked and way too much sauce .
pizza is ok and the pasta dishes are horrible .
they have no idea what customer service is .
by the time we got it it was cold .
the service here was extremely sub par .
we got home and the order was totally wrong .
too little too late .
it was 8pm and my pregnant wife was starving .
i would never go back here though .
) ; breaded mushrooms .
i so want to like this place .
let 's just say we ate in silence tonight .
the food was below standard for anyone .
the pizza hardly had any flavor .
the cheese way overpowered the sauce .
literally just the sauce .
i've have hotter better pizza from little caesars .
don't waste your money on this over priced pizza .
the pizza barely had any sauce on it .
i could see the crust in some areas .
we've had better pizza and wings elsewhere .
the pizza and wings were luke warm .
do you not go to this place !
bottom line this place needs the owners attention badly .
both were drowned in a salty sauce .
we will not be going back .
the portions were so small we left hungry .
not going back there ever again .
wish i tried a different place .
i lost my appetite .
even the fortune cookie was stale .
you'd be better off going to panda .
i really like the area around here .
the apartments themselves are not much to speak of .
i think it's just really cheap carpet .
i would give them zero stars if possible .
but this wasn't even the real issue .
if i could give a zero , i would .
it does not matter if you make an apt .
the technicians here are so insanely rude .
and i might add , they never asked .
honesty is not something they are familiar with .
slowly but surely it was as bad as before .
i backed off to get my free alignment .
we will not return as customers or recommend them .
usually it's not that much at the other locations .
don't judge me at the counter .
just don't need it .
they just don't care .
the rice was hard and the beans were cold .
that was a terrible example for mexican food tonight .
won't be coming back here again !
beans are always bland .
even the hot sauce is weird at this one .
greasy spoon drive thru mexican food .
so gross , disgusted for life now .
im glad i took my business elsewhere .
no eye contact , no manners .
horrible service and horrible attitudes from staff .
no customer service skills and food was ok .
employees got bad attitudes & not helpful at all .
the shoe department is hit or miss .
this store is a total disgrace .
pretty disgusting in how little pride is taken .
they act like they dont even care .
this place is really lacking customer service and training .
the whole mens section is a total wreck .
this visit was back in november .
i wouldn't order it again though .
my wife didn't want to eat them .
thin but not cracker crisp .
their dessert case did not contain many appealing offerings .
most of them just looked dry .
repeat visits are not very great .
the place is utter chaos .
very sad experience , bad service , no apologies .
will not be going back .
i would not recommend .
unfortunately our breakfast experience was bad !
unfortunately , the service is uninspired or totally lacking .
bad , cold food .
the liberty potatoes were very salty and greasy .
sicilian pizza was awful .
it was not busy at all .
we ordered margherita pizza and wet pizza .
kind of disappointed to horrible just bad .
could have been so much better .
we won't be going again .
very , very rude staff .
you have lost a good customer .
he took a bite and dumped the rest .
the bison burger didn't redeem the meal .
but for now , skip the cake !
dry biscuits and gravy under seasoned and lacking flavor .
i was completely ignored .
overpriced and ridiculous set up .
very rude experience today waiting for takeout .
the asian cucumber salad was bland .
the toasted pecans immediately fell out .
maybe i just had a bad experience .
it looked old and tasted that way too .
wouldn't get it again but good to try once .
also tried the icecream cookie .
that is the only thing here i would recommend .
i had a salad and couldn't finish it .
the desserts are not that special either .
terribly managed , just ok food .
that 's why i gave this place two stars .
the potatoes were to die for !
his fries were not that good .
i tried them and i was disappointed as well .
the food here is ok .
i will not be returning .
i recommend the food but not the experience .
it was truly a disappointment .
the toasted brie and sausage were ok .
if i could give it no stars i would .
the people at liberty market where so incredibly rude !
the pasta salad was bad .
it's crowded and loud and the food is overpriced .
not the most efficient way to get your food .
however , today was not the same .
all my hip friends said to try this place .
wet , gooey batter .
but instead i bought a cookie and left .
these people have no business doing breakfast .
unless i need a cookie .
you can not run without paying the bill .
this staff needs massive training on customer service .
they had already stopped serving breakfast .
we won't be going back .
where has all the customer service gone ?
to my disappointment , they didn't come through .
will not even give store credit .
i can find quality furniture elsewhere with better service .
just literally continued to scream .
told us he did not want our business .
they will not have our business .
avoid any conversations with the manager at all costs .
the place was almost empty .
it reads no beans on the screen .
never , never again !
pumps don't work and staff was no help !
that 's why i want them rotated .
that 's not honest business . "
wasted my time and money !
my husband said no thats fine .
i'm not sure why it took so long !
turns out the service team isn't very good here .
my stomach will probably let me know later .
same odd taste again !
i smelled it and not the right smell either .
what really bothered me was the rolls .
for all-you-can-eat sushi i'm not expecting the world .
i wouldn't even give it a second date .
the spicy tuna roll tasted off .
the albacore tuna had a very weird consistency .
the ayce deal is a rip off .
i would eat supermarket sushi over the place .
my gel was terrible .
will not go back , manager was rude .
i went originally because the reviews were good .
sad to say that place sucked .
a fat chunk of it .
and continued to file them .
no thank you or anything .
i highly suggest not going here !
she apologized but did not change her technique .
i will not be back !
really disappointing since i've been going here for years .
i asked for a fake set manicure .
i said no i'd like what i showed you .
these people have horrible customer service .
super disappointed i spent any money on this place .
they clearly do not have have customer service standards .
do not recommend to anyone .
do you usually yell at your customers like this ?
no , thanks , won't be back .
in one word , this place is horrible .
the pizza was gross .
the staff was rude as hell .
don't make promises that are an hour off .
no wonder we didn't hear him the first time !
to me , there is no professionalism there .
found a bolt in our pizza !
zero knowledge about insurance billing and general office procedures .
i guess i'm just spoiled .
they were very unprofessional and slow .
i will not be going back to this doctor .
if i could give them zero stars i would .
and he said , " nothing . "
and then walked away from me .
don't waste your time !
no one was in the place .
customer service does not exist here !
it is actually quite sad .
this school has completely failed my child .
no way burger was cooked on grill that fast .
food is very mediocre .
the blizzard that was already half melted .
dont bother going through this drive thru .
first , it's not free .
the spoon doesn't even fall out !
why is the staff so rude ?
do you always waste bags when serving blizzards ?
small town feel , but too cramped .
liberty market is a much better bet for brunch .
but it wasn't particularly tasty .
they wouldn't even look at us or anything .
very small place and very annoying place .
i ordered the long john with mushrooms .
third time trying breakfast here too .
probably go elsewhere next time .
overall i just wasn't super impressed with this place .
and a sliced potato on the side .
prices didn't seem appropriate for food .
either she is clueless or a liar .
the rudeness was an insult !
no tip no return for us .
i'll help you , this place is bad .
it was so slow that i almost walked out .
im sorry , did we do something wrong ?
i have the biscuits and chipped beef gravy .
you lost my business forever !
your seating policy sucks .
it's lame and i'm hungry .
maybe don't seat small parties at your large tables .
there should be a vegetable served with it .
will not be back .
this food was barely edible .
do not go to this location .
they were very rude and had horrible customer service .
too small and it was pretty packed .
no one deserves to be treated that way .
she rang me up without it .
owner rude and not customer oriented .
seemed ok and i spoke to clark .
needless to say i was upset .
i love bruschetta , but their bruschetta was disappointing .
this place is crap !
awful does not even come close .
gravy - thick brown liquid with no flavor .
we ate here last night and it was awful .
unfortunately they have been rude too many times !
i am no longer wanting to ever go there !
but the food quality went down .
the food here was horrific .
it tastes straight from a can or the freezer .
nothing like disappointment for dinner .
i don't get it , i just don't .
i was not a fan .
have tried takeout from this place twice now .
first time they screwed up my order .
they were busy , but did not look packed .
salty , salty , salty .
i kept quiet , paid my bill and left .
the goat cheese bruschetta was ok but slightly disappointing .
guy can't take a hint .
i will not be returning .
ordered turkey was very dry .
that was the only good thing about my meal !
its a shame because we had such high hopes .
the staff is so rude and grumpy .
this place is horrible !
the doctors are also not friendly !
wouldn't recommend this place !
the staff is extremely rude !
no customers , no staff to be seen anywhere ?
waited a couple of minutes and walked out .
well , all sales are not final .
she also says she'll call us when it arrives .
the couch is awful !
very rude and did not care to help .
employee too worried about eating sonic .
they really seem to think they are something .
i'll spend my money elsewhere , thanks .
they are way nicer and very helpful .
i really was not impressed with potato barn .
it felt really depressing .
i did not like it at all .
walked though and walked out .
did not see anything i was interested in .
wouldn't call it mild , much less hot .
very disappointing meal i must say .
i don't get it .
seriously , no flavor .
never again will i go here , disgusting !
i was terribly disappointed .
sorry but today was my last visit !
far worse than its been before .
sorry burrito shack , i won't be coming back .
not a fan of this place .
flavorless and can't get my order correct .
this safeway is the worst .
that is not an appropriate question .
was really disappointed in this specific safeway .
and she couldn't even help me with my return .
and would not recommend shopping there .
horrible , rude , unprofessional experience .
would strongly never recommend .
not the friendliest place i've ever been .
i would not recommend using this repair shop .
greens are not good at all .
holes pulled out on the greens .
the menu is not as good either .
disappointing food and atmosphere .
dive looking , average cooking and friendly staff .
it could just be so much better !
dinner is not good at all .
i can't tell anyone to eat dinner here .
did not like tartar sauce .
the chicken did not seem to be seasoned much .
very bland and not a good texture at all .
his green beans were not seasoned at all .
it was like eating packed toasted coconut .
this place need an overhaul from top to bottom .
needless to say we will not be back .
however , this place has gone down hill fast .
the menu has does not change .
the food is ok but a bit over priced .
food sucked and the service was very bad .
couldn't even get a refill on my coffee .
will not be coming back here !
steak came and was still pink and bloody inside .
coffee is watered down and bland .
this place should be called queen creek dump .
the place is dirty and dingy .
i wouldnt let my dog eat off the floor .
the nachos were horrible , just horrible .
it was not that special to me .
sadly its starting to go downhill .
at noon on sunday it was inexcusable .
not one single ride was open .
total waste of time and money .
what a disappointment this place has become .
i visited most recently and was severely disappointed .
big is not always better .
they were way too hot being outside !
it really looked very shabby .
everyone there was very , very dissappointed .
this place is lacking in some serious ways though .
a notice at the entrance would have been helpful .
the farmer 's market store is very expensive .
poorly laid out , only a couple of rides .
we were so disappointed .
this place was so poorly ran .
dirty unorganized long lines out of everything .
way way way over priced .
we also do like to support local businesses .
it was hot , dusty , and boring .
the rides had tremendously long waits and were boring .
the petting zoo was sad .
the food wasn't very good and way over priced .
i won't be going back .
i really do not get this place .
that 's just really overpriced .
it is a pretend patch .
do not recommend this place .
nothing at this location .
i would rather go elsewhere in queen creek .
it is not worth coming here .
wicked expensive food and nothing there !
more than likely we won't return to this area .
long lines that are n't worth the wait .
won't be back an wouldn't recommend it .
had never been there before was nice .
the price to get in is insane .
the food is over priced and not great .
the petting zoo is gross .
the carousel doesn't seem safe to ride .
it was hard to get in and out .
the bakery has crappy desserts and fudge .
guess i was wrong .
the event was very disorganized .
damn , those pancakes and sausages must be heavy .
pancake was ok , but not worth the wait .
will not do it again .
and it's impossible to have a conversation .
chips were cold and stale .
- the sour cream tasted awful .
man has it gone downhill .
there 's obviously something wrong going on here .
there was no personality in any workers .
it was just completely awkward .
wouldn't go back here .
this place is terrible !
don't waste your time or money !
overall i don't recommend this place .
are you kidding me ?
this place is awful !
not in this case .
but we where parked so far away ) .
as for the taste , it was ok .
the place is very outdated and dirty .
the steaks were really thin .
the water tasted horrible .
i will not eat here again .
i will not be back .
they talked down to us and were being rude .
no courtesy at all , just rudeness .
the older guys working there are very rude .
again , don't waste the time making the drive .
but , are you ready for the kicker ?
don't let that fool you .
fine dining experience my butt .
way over salted , meat tough .
i think the worst thing was the price .
will not be going back .
- the coffee maker doesn't work .
- the shower has a particularly slow drain .
however , this places stinks !
the office manager lori has no customer service skills .
your time is worth nothing to them .
don't waste your time here .
the property managers are never available to speak with .
if i could it would be zero stars .
the property managers are never available to speak with .
the list goes on and on .
the property managers are never available to speak with .
the list goes on and on .
will never go to this walgreens ever again .
being too busy is no excuse .
was told 15-20 minutes to wait for a prescription .
i would steer clear of walgreens and use cvs !
i'm glad someone did their job correctly today .
was very unhappy after just going yesterday .
not visiting this location again .
now i just cant wait to move out .
i have never been late on my rent payment .
i can't wait to move !
by far the worst experience i've ever had renting !
it's not that hard .
i won't be back .
they didn't seem to care .
the salmon was mushy and the flavor was light .
wasn't too impressed with their food .
are you joking me ?
how rude is that .
the spicy salmon was awful .
it was huge chunks of old salmon with mayo .
we will not be back .
not a deal breaker .
i couldn't finish it .
disappointing atmosphere and disgusting food .
it was a waste of time and money .
the food was horrible , worst sushi ever .
the wait staff was very friendly .
i will not make that mistake again .
it just tasted terrible plus there was no flavor .
i also had the worst spider roll to date .
not a place i would visit again .
unfortunately we didn't have a great dining experience .
the service was slow but the portions were large .
i ordered the udon and it lacked everything .
chandler folk don't know what good sushi is .
this place was gross .
all of our rolls were so fishy tasting .
i walked out after waiting for service .
this restaurant has mediocre food and service .
every time condescending and rude .
not how can i help you or anything .
i felt very disrespected .
there is no reason to be rude to people .
i do not have any other accounts their .
i had horrible food poisoning from this location twice .
will not be coming to this place ever .
this place makes me never want subway again .
i would find another gym if i were you .
the employees also don't seem to care much either .
not a fan of this location .
worst pool store service ever !
however , this is not so reasonable .
i had already had a bad experience at target .
she caught me off guard .
normally i find this location slightly frustrating anyway .
won't be going here again .
no drive through book drop off .
also , they're constantly messing up my order .
i know , i know .
i should just stop coming here , right ?
this drove me insane .
no one bothered to care .
this is not specific to this location .
not like fresh homemade cookies .
and this isn't the first time .
just a surprise to one not tuned in !
accessories are all full price and only expensive selections .
to send a bike out like that is amateur .
i won't be back .
they told me no problem during the week .
never once said sorry about not having any bikes .
unfortunately this guy proved it is not cactus cycle .
the service at this location is pitiful .
not one person smiled or even acknowledged my existence .
this location is probably the least friendly i've encountered .
they were rude and unhelpful !
i will not return to this kohl 's !
nothing that i couldn't live without so we left .
do not bring your child to this place .
they are lazy and do the bare minimum .
the waitress didn't really seem to care .
it would have been nice to know this beforehand .
zero stars would be more appropriate .
will not be back .
the food was disappointing .
terrible food , slow service with attitude .
don't waste time or money on this place .
ordered two appetizers , both disgusting .
the smell and taste of old grease was awful .
this place has gone downhill in a big way !
this was a nightmare !
each of our orders were wrong .
the service was not good .
our server paid little attention to us .
going to spend my money at another bar instead .
wouldn't recommend this bar any more .
the management appears nonexistent .
i've never experienced a group of employees more unfriendly .
the front end manager probably doesn't like her either .
even their breads have added garbage and junk ingredients .
went here this past weekend while visiting sun lakes .
worst idea we had all trip .
the food is just not good .
the pork was super overcooked and gross .
but even that won't cover bad costumer service !
if you like food , do not come here .
so , he walked out .
got home to find our order was wrong .
then she told me i had never ordered before !
not " looking for free food " .
there is grease in the air .
this place is just nasty .
steamed veggies were steamed to goo .
fried meats were soggy .
had n't been here in about a year .
food is nothing special .
they need to get a better chef !
first off , no , it doesn't .
third , who cares !
the service has been awful since this place opened .
just stopped for a beer .
terrible food and terrible service .
ate here recently with a large group .
we were not pleased at all .
the salmon was burned and the rice was gross .
they only had three choices for steaks .
the service was very slow .
very disappointing and definitely won't be returning .
that 's because i never ate it .
it was an underwhelming experience .
i doubt i will be back anytime soon .
so again some worker 's don't know customer service .
i have use monterey cleaners for two years now .
i would never use them again .
i have use monterey cleaners for two years now .
i would never use them again .
manager refused to give me owners phone number .
it's a rather efficient machine of evil .
no , thank you .
what an embarrassment this place is .
don't you think you maybe put too much ?
this place is an upsell nightmare .
i feel totally cheated .
worst scam artists i have ever encountered !
i was like wtf !
i couldn't believe what i was hearing .
i fell like i got ripped off .
do not like this place .
man they did a bad job cleaning my interior .
i apologize for the caps lock now .
ok , what the hell , i thought .
no roof rack polish .
if i could give half a star i would .
your staff had no intention of answering any questions .
your staff was rude .
well ya missed out on some of ours .
the tint guy did a sub-par job .
the car wash was also bad .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
left on the surface ) .
won't be coming back to this location !
pictures to follow on the poor quality of work .
and if you complain then they apologize right away !
are you kidding me ?
car wash is ok .
another guy rushed to come clean the window .
the inside of the car wasn't real dirty .
they never explained about this spray wax .
the express wash is the only wash worth doing .
they simply do not care .
hope i don't miss my flight .
also , the vacuuming was poor .
they put a huge deep scratch in my truck !
they knew it would be several thousand to fix .
they don't care about you , or your vehicles .
well no call thursday of friday .
these guys seemed like they just didn't care .
terrible " detail " .
terrible , awful job .
this place keeps getting worse .
danielle at the register was no help either .
not happy , see you later cobblestone .
they scam you out of your money !
are you kidding me ?
crumbs and dirt all over .
this place is a rip off !
there was still trash everywhere .
poor service all around .
be careful with your credit cards here very disappointed !
no attention to detail .
avoid this place at all costs !
ok , just another update .
they didn't even attempt to wipe them up .
the absolute worst car wash in the east valley .
are you kidding me ?
it's hard to forgive car damage though .
i literally could wipe the dirt off .
which is probably sitting on my driveway .
they really dropped the ball on this one .
bad and getting worse !
also , constant up selling attempts are annoying .
will not be back .
also didn't clean window that well .
that 's a rip off .
customer service is terrible .
very long wait times .
i would not recommend flowers by renee .
the bouquet looked no different than the basic package .
my husband gave flowers by renee another chance .
i have never been more disappointed .
it looked nothing like the picture .
did my flowers even get delivered ?
worse mistake of my life !
oh i was answered .
i was pissed to say the least .
this place is less than average in my book .
so i did then he asked me to move .
again not worth it .
needed a relaxing pedicure after a hard move !
i will not be returning to this place again !
don't waste your money here .
only came here because nothing else was open .
worst nail experience i've ever had !
extremely rude and i would not waste my time !
i was totally disgusted !
and it's not complicated .
the guy taking the orders was not friendly .
no fork , no napkins .
sounds like i'm on kitchen nightmares with gordon ramsey .
she's also singing really annoying songs as well .
what an unpleasant experience to eat here .
very bad customer service .
his wife borders on rude .
this place has the absolute worst customer service .
she said , we didn't put that battery in .
the time on the watch wasn't even set .
but i have never been escorted to the bakery .
the worst shopping experience ever .
bagels not well displayed , very few choices .
we have other choices down here safeway !
never again use this store .
today , i had the worst tacos ever .
i am not kidding .
went here during lunch this past week .
the lady who did my nails was very stale .
i have never had a fill hurt so bad .
i only get tips done .
this place is horrible .
i assume they offer some sort of senior day .
polish was not even .
it was a very disappointing experience here .
however , i felt rushed through the process .
to the kitchen " no , this goes here .
notice that there was nobody else in the restaurant .
she didn't want to give it to me .
she was not pleasant about it .
she looked dreadful and her attitude sucked .
drive thru is terrible .
service is horrible , food is always awful .
they couldn't care less about the customer .
don't care about customer satisfaction .
the worst service ever .
the worst customer service ever !
stay away from really bad management !
but they have the worst service .
that is very bad business .
it's so frustrating because the pizza is good here .
not coming back here -i don't need the attitude .
it looked like someone threw up sauce over everything .
even the crust was incredibly salty .
ill start by saying do not eat here !
it ruined all of my food .
it was not good .
i wouldn't even feed it to my dog .
too bad they were .
hit or miss , this joint .
selection isn't too good at this one .
admittedly more good than bad .
i just said ok , and left .
plus the store feels dirty .
absolutely the worst mani/pedi place in town .
the owner was extremely rude .
i will not ever go back .
poor service and very disappointed with my mani/pedi .
don't go here if you care about customer service .
they are rude and only want your money .
they only care about quantity and not quality .
too bad you can't do negative stars .
this is the worst nail place ever .
no thanks barro 's .
it was cold and soggy .
she was also rude and impatient and seemed distracted .
there was no sauce on it at all .
i wouldn't recommend them anymore .
honestly , the worst i have ever had .
i will not go back .
don't bother visiting this location .
disgusting waste of money .
and the cashier couldn't have been any more rude .
she was smiling , but it wasn't at me .
no employee in sight .
i even wandered around looking for one .
god i hate that parking lot .
sort of ridiculous if you ask me .
this location is really busy .
i could not believe my ears .
i said " no thanks " and left .
sushi here was a disgrace today .
money , money , money .
ordered carry out med sausage and med meat lovers .
it is remarkable how bad this pizza is .
i can't believe they delivered it to us .
went here for first time in awhile .
that is unfortunate and cheap .
the stripper ripped me off !
it's not the money it's the principle !
this place is the worst !
this was not one of them .
in fact - nothing , totally dark and empty !
don't these people own a hose ?
i couldn't even imagine eating them !
so was the veggie beef soup .
customer service is bad .
not so much anymore .
complete and total lack of customer service .
worst nail salon ever .
waste of time and money .
they wouldn't try a color on me .
seriously , go spend your money elsewhere .
a pedi is supposed to be relaxing .
just not very thorough work .
i literally get the same gel manicure every time .
no hand lotion used after , no massage either .
i wish i had gone somewhere else .
do not try to sell jewelry to this place !
these people are hoping to rip you off .
london gold was a rude experience .
screw me once , but never again !
high pressure salespeople make for an unpleasant experience .
won't be going back .
they do not have enough staff to do business .
the location is also so outdated .
be prepared to wait wait wait !
i dread going here once a month .
that doesn't sound too bad .
i couldn't believe it !
but wait , there 's more .
kinda leaves a bad taste in the mouth .
the pastrami was pretty dry and lacked flavor .
i doubt i would come back to this place .
what a disappointment today !
i demanded my money back .
you like stopping free falls .
the giant one in your face doesn't mention it .
this deli is mediocre at best .
service on the other end , very poor .
clean , flavorful , not salty .
really , i'm not kidding .
this is not a real jewish deli .
it doesn't come close .
all you could taste was the bread .
the meal was not delivered together .
someone could have slipped on the floor .
i like low prices .
do not trust this jeweler .
they wouldn't honor pet co 's online sale prices .
this location is dirty and disorganized .
the staff are hard to find .
i'll avoid this location from now on .
save your money for another location or different restaurant .
if not , stay away .
i guess it's my own fault .
i would avoid this location .
worst customer service ever .
this mcdonalds has officially lost me as a customer .
the worst customer service that i have ever experienced .
it's so not worth the few bucks saved .
super disappointed in the kids shoe selection .
the selection available at this store is just terrible .
this might as well be an outlet store .
what a waste of money !
just when you think it couldn't get any worse !
warning : do not take your car here !
do not take your care here .
this one consistently sucks !
do not take your car here .
vacuuming was also poor .
will avoid in future .
the employees are so rude and unprofessional !
and they did a crappy job on my car .
i just bought a groupon for a vip wash .
so , this past weekend , it went in .
terrible wash , and even worse customer service .
not worth the time or money .
these people are terrible .
and their attitude is terrible .
the cashier was dismissive and flat out rude .
terry , is the absolute worst .
avoid like the plague !
horrible customer service from the second i drove in .
i really want to like this place .
avoid at all costs .
avoid it , just avoid it .
the worst car wash in the valley .
this place is terrible .
avoid this place at all costs .
i would never go back .
i wouldn't even take them if they were free !
unreal how slow they are .
easily worst car wash in all of arizona .
wouldn't go back if it was free .
so much for my loyalty to az auto wash .
an absolute joke and waste of time and money .
don't use this location for anything !
the inside has been scratched up too .
they ruined my paint and interior .
i really can not believe it .
the worst car wash i've ever gotten !
car wash gas station does a better job !
i will not be returning to this leslie 's .
the employee said no they were not going to .
the barista was a very nasty women .
she was unfriendly and flat out rude .
hands down worst starbucks i have ever been to !
now i sadly avoid it .
there wasn't anyone else behind me !
what a ridiculous experience i had at this starbucks .
this place sold me two used table lamps .
they need some customer service training badly !
mostly indifferent staff who don't seem eager to help .
they did not care .
not a word was spoken about my stay .
i have stayed here from time to time .
hardly worth a wait .
but i am not that confused .
we both walked away thinking wtf ?
for a steakhouse that was very disappointing .
sorry flemings , we will not be back .
now that 's really bad !
don't think i'll be visiting any time soon .
creme brulee dessert was not better than the keg .
service was snooty and slow .
left a sour taste in my mouth .
even so , it wasn't about the money .
didn't take it off the bill either .
not classy way to handle .
now to the big disappointment .
overall , just a bad cut of meat !
no ambiance , no windows but quieter .
he was happy , i was not .
the salad was really tiny , not sure why .
no one approached our table .
not to my taste .
i get better steaks from the market .
this past sunday 's experience fell short .
not this scottsdale location .
so there wasn't a reservation according to the greeter .
she normally does this but ok .
but we will not go here again .
once seated , service continued to be slow .
we dined with them and was so disappointed .
service was horrible and the food was substandard .
would not recommend this place to anyone .
the night was more of a disappointment from there .
why would he recommend something he had never tried .
im not going back here.
scratch this one off the list .
terrible service- terrible food .
stopped by last night shortly after opening .
not a high end restaurant .
overpriced with mediocre food .
i suggest you do not patronize .
they are all about corporate , not the individual .
i will not patronize this establishment again .
what an awful experience .
i gave the hostess my name and reservation time .
she blew me off .
not even an email .
don't waste your time or hard earned money .
so no i'm not a snob .
they didn't even acknowledge our wait .
please don't waste your time or money here .
this place is disgusting .
i have not eaten there since .
customer service is horrible !
i decide not to order from this place .
i will not eat from here again , ever .
the pizza was extremely bland , absolutely no flavor !
waste of twenty bucks !
tonight i placed an order for pickup .
good food , but poorly managed .
will not be customers again unless management changes .
tonight really was the icing on the cake .
the service was awful .
seriously , go to frys and buy your own .
the meat was way over cooked , crispy !
worst customer service i have ever dealt with .
woman who answered the phone was extremely rude .
she immediately became very irritated with this request .
was missing items in my order .
btw the pizza was average , nothing special .
a very weak experience .
this was my first experience ordering their pizza .
this place is the worst .
i was less than one block away .
if you do so you'll be highly disappointed .
not the end of the world .
second time didn't go too well at all .
it was as hard as a piece of cardboard .
this restaurant has done nothing but gone downhill .
we all hated it .
the over done pizza was inedible .
oh but my garlic knots were way over cooked .
avoid at all costs !
it is extremely inconvenient .
i will never purchase anything from lowe 's again .
this was a lousy experience .
they contract out installers who are useless .
i missed a day of work for that b.s .
selection on what we needed was poor , too !
once i basically ran into one he was helpful .
i am so disappointed .
they are functional , but this is so disappointing .
don't have any custom work done .
worst store for follow up or assistance .
however , his condescending tone truly irritated me .
customer service is a joke .
hopefully its just isolated to this location .
and here is where i should have walked out .
they have lost my business for anything , forever .
i will never buy carpet from this lowes store .
they won't correct my information or are unable to .
the manager only said they were sorry .
don't waste your time go somewhere else .
this perfect teeth location is a shame .
no greeting and nothing else .
this place is the definition of " rude . "
i recommend not even thinking going to this dentist !
my ring started to turn gold .
gold is not me .
plus , it was confusing .
blue diamond was so convenient for me .
let down enough to never return .
do not go here under any circumstances !
their food is garbage .
i did not like their food or service .
: ( a million sad faces for me .
everything was cold , except the beans oddly enough .
the taco meat was cold .
the cheese enchilada was cold .
i don't get it .
everything is made very cheap with no quality ingredients .
i'd rather make the drive out to la .
it's a sucker bet .
the dressing for the salad was bitter and weird .
i was left feeling disappointed .
the nigiri sushi isn't that fresh .
iced green tea was very yummy .
this was not the case last night .
there was one sliced tomato and no mushrooms .
the third will be explained in detail .
the other three were pretty disgusting .
i'm never going back here , ew .
sakana is another typical sushi place .
thats not how you run a business .
and couldnt get out of there fast enough .
the service however , could use an overhaul .
this place is not your typical sushi place .
this place is like american sushi bar .
not a good time .
this place doesn't care about those details .
for those that are n't , skip it .
am i paying for the styrofoam container ?
no other types of fish .
the only flavor that stood out was the salmon .
but the service here is terrible .
the service was horrible .
the atmosphere is the worst .
i don't understand all the outstanding reviews .
it was mushy and gross .
it's the worst sushi i've ever had .
what is going on with these stellar reviews ?
this place is so bad .
the rolls were also falling apart and very mushy .
not worth the value .
the soft shell crab roll was pretty near disgusting .
it was burnt and soggy .
even the vegas roll was less than .
the sushi that i had was not fresh .
imitation crab meat is not real seafood .
just poor quality fish , no attention to detail .
it sushi not fine dining .
third : why would you turn away paying customers ?
also carpet in a sushi restaurant is disgusting .
the food is mediocre but the service is terrible .
their customer service is atrocious .
i think this company is a scam .
this place was not helpful to say the least .
the offices do not have great views .
the golf facilities are mediocre so don't even bother .
rude service with a locals only attitude .
very slow pace of play too .
do not recommend this course at all .
not a marshall in sight !
the service here is terrible .
not sure anyone even cares .
other plants that we had paid for were not .
again , no apologies , could care less .
i would not recommend spending a dime here .
which again makes no sense .
don't waste your time at this nursery .
do not use this company .
ill admit it , i'm an idiot .
both options were unacceptable .
salesman stopped answering my calls and my questions .
it is just unacceptable .
no call at all .
really crappy service in my mind .
the worst service experience ever !
they don't deserve my business or yours .
the worst service experience ever !
they don't deserve my business or yours .
worst customer service i have ever had .
long waits on time for people to get back .
landscape designer didn't know what she was doing .
i would not use them ever again .
scrambled looking eggs with slices of cheese on top .
greasy noisy expensive questionable quality rude .
matzo ball chicken soup was good .
very over priced and not very high quality .
of course the orders were wrong and ice cold .
forgot the other soups and then brought them cold .
the food was bad .
no apology , nothing .
he practically blamed us for being too impatient !
we will not be back !
my husband was also not impressed with his food .
so i'll lay it out like this .
don't waste your money or appetite !
first , the service was horrendous .
ill be back tomorrow for some more bagels .
service leaves a little to be desired .
are you kidding me ?
was so angry , had to walk out .
i was extremely disappointed .
you couldn't even pay me to go back there .
so i wait , and wait , and wait .
i will not be visiting this place again .
breakfast on saturday at 10:30 am .
not one because i would have stated the problem .
and the place was not even that busy .
this place is just ok.
food is mediocre and service is horrible .
slow as hell for carry out .
the guy behind me gave up and left .
our waitress never came over to check on us .
their prices are beyond ridiculous .
not the most welcoming feeling .
why does this keep happening ?
we were treated horribly and will never return .
i don't want to come back .
upon first entering , it's a little confusing .
the menu is extensive , and everything sounds delish .
i'm disappointed with the ambiance .
not the best , not the worst .
yes , but probably just for take-out .
this place is horrible !
it just wasn't worth it in my opinion .
there was zero table side service .
tomato slices were not ripe .
scrambled eggs were okay .
they should close an hour earlier then !
i couldn't even eat it , and didn't .
the bagel which i requested toasted was luke warm .
it was a bad meal .
we could only eat the scrambled eggs .
wish i could give zero stars .
baked goods look lovely but are bland and blah .
service is crazy disorganized and slow .
was getting ready to get up and leave .
( two breakfast sandwiches and two bagels ) .
it was okay but bland .
also the sourdough bread requested was not sourdough received .
bad news , it was frozen in the center .
service was terrible as usual .
about half the size of a regular chicken breast .
so far , this was a disaster dining experience .
i really wish i didn't have to type this .
the corned beef was served cold and was terrible .
the hot brisket was ice cold and tasteless .
i was disappointed in breakfast this morning .
the massages ranged from mediocre to pretty good .
wish i had never gone .
i will never visit this place again .
the whole experience was ruined .
there is no place to put your purse .
the receptionist told me that they couldn't guarantee this .
it wasn't even close to what i asked for .
no way am i coming back here .
they nickel and dime you .
extremely mushy and not edible .
truly a weird place .
it was cheap at least .
worst customer service ever !
will not use this store again !
food was at best average .
so during the winter i would avoid this place .
didn't spend enough money ?
a lot of places can't seem to nail that .
waitress should have probably mentioned that .
have you no home training ?
no more 1/2 glasses of wine .
i never received silverware or a napkin .
there isn't much to choose from .
the servers are n't exactly the best .
overall my experience here was not the best .
seated immediately which was great !
it goes downhill from there .
what a terrible experience .
we walked in and the place was jumping .
thanks for trying to kill our evening ms sunshine !
just don't come to this one .
the fries were disappointing .
my overall experience in your restaurant was one star .
this doesn't even deserve any further discussion .
it's obvious how little you care about our wishes .
the filet in my salad was also very salty .
all in all , not worth the price .
i left hungry and very cranky .
houston , we have a problem .
they serve soda from a bottle which is ridiculous !
this was really strange to me .
bottom line this is not my scene .
the food does not justify the price .
the cheese bread , the chicken tenders appetizer .
water glasses were more empty than full .
hamburger , pork chop , kale salad and ribs .
have had better for much , much less money .
a changed experience - but not for the better !
the steak tasted like beef charcoal .
they did nothing to make up for it .
it's too bad ; we're going to stop coming .
slow to bus tables .
slow on the water refills .
everything is wrong here now .
the grilled artichoke was on point , though .
our waitress seemed disinterested and barely checked on us .
i've never had a bad experience at either one .
by far the biggest disappointment i've experienced dinning out .
tonight it was different .
it was a complete dining disaster .
the taste in my mouth was awful .
i could not eat raw fish .
no other complaints except for the " music " .
it was my favorite restaurant .
today was a disaster .
i feel like i walked into a different restaurant .
not sure i am coming back .
my main complaint is this is arizona , folks !
won't be back until this policy changes .
she never returned to us outside .
we left and i will never return again .
expensive and bad service .
kids meal not printed .
this was the worst place ever .
are you kidding me ?
no , just those .
we'll not be back .
obviously they don't value their own merchandise .
poor training , poor customer service , disappointed .
won't go back to this location .
if i could give zero , i would .
don't take up too much time .
i will admit , it's cheap .
i will never step foot inside this place again .
just remember that it's a cash only joint !
remember , small town feel , big city ?
i know , horrible !
not impressed in the least .
i wish i would have gotten a hamburger instead .
( oh hell no ! )
this is not the case .
worst thing was that they are cash only .
it wasn't layered slices of corned beef .
the egg salad sandwich was ok.
feeling totally ripped off .
bad environment , worse food .
canned , mushy vegetables .
not a fresh ingredient to be found anywhere .
food and service were mediocre at best .
would rather go to breakfast club .
i will not do this again .
consider this your warning ! "
randy was red in the face and extremely angry .
the problem i had was with lunch items .
worst customer service experience ever .
cancelled my order , won't be back .
the place was falling apart .
the room was clean and the tv worked .
noisy a/c unit below the window .
long wait to check in .
i made a reservation here about a week ago .
( it was empty remember ?
this place is a dump !
horrible horrible horrible customer service !
left after one night for another marriott property .
when i got home the work wasn't done .
i would stay really far away from here .
just a poor experience all the way around .
unfortunately , i had the worst massage ever .
removing very dark mud .
unacceptable treatment with forced opinions onto the bride .
the building is very old and run down .
i would not go back .
you couldn't even hear the music !
i was extremely disappointed .
there was no hot water !
services are extremely overpriced .
facilities are outdated and in need of renovations .
spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere !
not on a table !
i was about to reschedule when i was found .
worst nail job i've had in my life .
the actual nail not just the polish .
all in all -- -i'm not going back .
worst gel manicure i have ever had .
she destroyed my nails when taking the polish off .
bad service + bad results = bad review .
the place itself is very dirty .
i've never had a worse acrylic job .
she still didn't speak english .
to a client that just walked in the door .
this place can not be sanitary .
it was not a pleasant experience at all .
why the snobby attitude ?
quite frankly , i felt embarrassed for her .
the place is dirty , messy .
and they charge more than any other place .
you will be disappointed .
this place is terrible with deliveries .
carry out - don't do delivery !
bad experience i won't be back .
but man are those walls thin .
each time it got worse .
there were no toiletries .
ah , because it's been consistently below average .
another issue i have had is the pool .
my last trip was below average .
even the landscaping was lame .
next trip out i'll stay at fire sky resort .
the desk was very apologetic .
i will not stay here again .
we stayed there for a week in october .
the reception staff is slow and not especially friendly .
the rooms are drab .
fortunately i did not have anything stolen .
i had prepaid for late check out on arrival .
she didn't even greet me .
terrible staff , terrible location and terrible rooms .
the service is abysmal .
parking is a nightmare .
had a difficult experience .
they wouldn't do anything about it .
they also didn't have my room available until 4:30 .
the staff was very unhelpful altogether .
he never showed , never called .
my room was in rough shape .
first , this is not a resort .
the room has a terrible smell ( mildew ) .
stayed in the presidential suite .
boy was i wrong .
you guessed it - wrong again .
they said they had n't received it .
no apologies were given .
won't be coming back .
there 's no coming back from this .
i didn't get a call .
i was so thankful for their care .
plus , they don't don't carry contact solution ?
can i give zero stars ?
it really isn't , and that is terribly condescending .
a disappointing waste of time .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
sorry to kill the buzz of these rave reviews .
this one has very poor customer service .
oh my this location is horrible .
there are hardly any toys in stock .
they all look overworked and miserable .
the once fresh coffee is stale and cool .
part of the second floor , i'm not sure .
i agree with some of the other reviews .
overall this resort is a disappointment .
i'm trying really hard not to be harsh .
this place is horrid for sleeping .
front desk on check in was nothing special .
simply unacceptable on any level .
which is a shame .
but it was not .
the walls are very thin .
the tv was an old tube style tv !
the price was expensive and the hotel was cheap .
nothing special about this scottsdale road property .
hotel was a virtually empty .
hotel is old , old , old .
television set was ancient and terrible .
lock on the room door was broken .
bed was worn out .
brand new flat screen was recently installed .
pool area very plain .
would not stay there again .
i am so disappointed in this hilton .
no one offered help .
a/c broken , had to request a box fan .
this place is bizarre .
* super thin walls .
this is a deal breaker for me .
* all the tv channels didn't work .
overall , lots of things seem slightly dated .
the service were very helpful .
needless to say i was very unhappy .
this is so unacceptable !
he refunded me that part , sort things right .
we have stayed here before .
but then things really started going down hill .
lastly , the restaurant service is slow .
i would try another hotel next time .
i really expected more , given the area .
the tv did not work .
there was no shampoo but two bottles of conditioner .
we couldn't wait to get out of this hotel .
hilton , come on , you can do better .
this doesn't happen anywhere else in the world .
the rooms are large but nothing special .
i would not stay here again .
the property was just very ok .
the service in the restaurant was very mediocre .
there was mold in the steam room .
the resort was just not what i expected .
the don't even carry truffle oil !
when they finally arrive , they're confused and slow .
- the produce is pretty terrible .
the layout of the store is weird to me .
what a waste of time !
the worst customer service !
i'm in hr and i'd fire the whole bunch .
it was so rude .
celebrity cleaners refused to respond to bbb letters .
most unremarkable below average place i could imagine .
but tonight 's service experience changed all that .
there is essentially one server waiting on approx .
worst meal in arizona .
came here around 6pm and it was dead .
this was highly disappointing .
he said he could not do that .
this place is gross !
couldn't wait to leave !
a very disappointing stay all in all .
we will not be back !
outdated rooms , breakfast was a horror .
walked into our room and it smelled like smoke .
worst night sleep on our trip to az .
we spent one night and cancelled the rest .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
and there was zero parking .
i advised their would not be a next time .
it is a disaster .
this is no go .
they lost my business .
this hotel is awful .
the bathroom offered little privacy .
i would never stay here again .
overall it was a negative experience .
front desk was clearly a temporary place .
will i choose another embassy suites ?
so far this was a big mistake .
the waitress totally screwed up my order .
horrible service and greasy food .
bread on sandwich stale .
extremely long wait for food and not prepared right .
greasy food in a neat atmosphere .
won't go back again .
no one even acknowledged us .
cheaper options and less flavorful foods .
food is awful , place filled with flies .
one of the worst restaurants in scottsdale .
the turkey was processed , not cooked today .
first , the seating is not very comfortable .
the scrambled eggs were okay but not served hot .
the sausage was tasteless .
she said the nugget was cold .
i couldn't believe it .
husband said he'll give them another shot for breakfast .
but i will not be back after last time .
i will not go back there !
when he finished i couldn't believe it .
maybe mark was having a bad day .
as for me , i'm through .
the staff is rude .
thanks , but no thanks .
oh my gosh , this place is horrible .
one time she yelled at me for no reason .
she literally called me a big fat jerk .
she wasn't even wearing any shorts .
or if i'm feeling trendy , h & m .
these , however , are not normal circumstances .
i am so disappointed !
won't return to this location .
this is a very picked over ross .
shelves empty mid week with no one in store .
waste of time , energy and money .
never , ever , ever again .
as business owners , you should know that .
are you kidding me ?
i wouldn't spend a nickel here .
but , that didn't happen to me.
my mocha was gritty and disgusting .
this is customer torture .
never ever going back .
the service is outrageously bad .
if i could give a zero rating i would .
thank god they opened a lowe 's by me .
difficult to find help in any department .
needless to say , we left .
i didn't find it funny at all .
well , they don't seem to care .
thanks home depot for nothing !
lousy lousy lousy service .
the odd thing is the employee didn't even care .
so sad to see such bad service .
home depot never again !
worst home depot i've ever been to .
this experience has absolutely ruined home depot for us .
major frustration dealing with the kitchen department !
this place still stinks for help .
horrible customer service all the way around .
just had the worst experience at this station .
prices are often way too high !
i waited -- no show , no call .
no call back after about an hour .
their gas is way overpriced , too .
his tone and attitude was horrible .
maybe she had a bad day .
even the other manager agreed she is terrible .
that was around noon on dec 30th .
not once not twice 4/5 times ?
paid for the same propane over and over ?
very unprofessional and we do not recommend .
i i could post the entire email i would .
disappointed with honesty and they overcharge some .
it makes no sense to pay so much .
two of the three were terrible .
i really think that is way overpriced .
nothing is custom made .
the prices are inexpensive , but it's no wonder .
i will not go back .
the salads and rice pudding looked disgusting .
not a good place to go for fresh food .
disgusting , disgusting , disgusting !
my date insisted i post his review .
the wrapping was poor at best .
the actual theater was even worse .
nothing special about the theater itself .
i was really disappointed and embarrassed for my client .
found myself saying i'm sorry over and over again .
place is worn , and tired .
like staying at a days inn or similar .
upgrade to seasoned fries for an additional charge . "
served with a side of balsamic vinaigrette .
there was no tomato on the burger .
i won't be back to this restaurant .
ran into a rude host .
the eggs benedict were mushy .
not even flip flops !
i mean the worst !
coffee was terrible , typical truck stop stuff .
service is average , food isn't good .
but bonus for outdoor seating .
i thought the good egg was mediocre .
she had not been told anything .
i will avoid in the future .
it was not what i anticipated but ok .
oh , i know , matt 's big breakfast !
unfortunately , they suck .
both times i was really disappointed .
first of all the eggs were not poached .
someone wasn't watching the pot !
isn't steak and eggs on the mt .
when i am disappointed every single time .
raw onions with breakfast ?
not the way i want to start the day !
my biggest complaint , is the lack of cheese .
no trying to spread cold butter on hot toast !
when we arrived , we chose to sit outside .
never even opened the menus .
then , it gets worse .
3x for eggs benedict and still wrong .
we turned and walked out .
her hot chocolate tasted like swiss miss with water .
instead stands by the register talking to other servers .
it wasn't the first time either .
why did they remove the egg paintings !
just realized they have changed management or something .
but the food was no bueno !
no real stores of interest .
i really don't get this place .
bottom line , don't go here .
but that 's no reason to go there again .
dressings were thin and not very tasty .
better salads and better prices .
this restaurant is not run well .
again with the rude service at the cashier stand .
common sense and general friendliness would have been nice .
let there be zero flavor ! "
poor quality food even for a buffet style .
but i don't see ever going to another one .
i requested a wash , trim , and blowout .
came out with the worst haircut of my life .
the worst service ever .
sucks is the word .
hall of frames stinks .
so yelp has removed it twice .
this event cost them a long time customer .
with these guys , their errors are your fault .
plus no beer on tap kind of stinks .
least knowledgeable bartender i've ever encountered .
the high prices are however another outrageous factor .
i'm not going to this safeway again .
so , reluctantly i did exactly that .
you guys apparently don't take it .
had the worst experience with safeway this week .
this is extremely unprofessional and is an inconvenience .
set your standards low so you're not disappointed .
don't make the mistake we did !
worst pizza i every had !
and she didn't care .
how rude is that ?
talk about horrible customer service .
their pizza was horrible and drenched in grease .
i would take peter piper pizza over this crap .
i threw the salad away and left .
in scottsdale arizona this morning .
it doesn't end there .
framing manager : " we never cut artwork here .
this also continued for a few more rounds .
it is obvious that they are paid on commission .
she tried to rush us through the sale .
i have never been so annoyed .
these people are so greedy .
do not let these people force you to buy !
they absolutely have no customer service .
don't give this company your money .
th sales pressure by the staff is too much .
unfortunately the furniture did not perform as promised .
personally i find this bar cheesy .
no problem with that .
the human race has jumped the shark .
are they really that offended by toes ?
it has continually gotten worse over the last year .
the dj is terrible , the crowd has changed .
i understand they recently lost their food license .
will not be back , esp .
what i really don't understand is the dj .
it was not classy .
the drinks are weak .
devil 's north is worthless .
the patrons here are laughable .
no one was on the dance floor .
the all white decor was a little much .
a wan na be vegas or miami look .
i hate stores like this !
are you kidding me ?
not impressed on first contact .
no stars for this establishment .
worst dry cleaners i have ever been to !
seven days and no one called back including owner .
if i could rate them zero stars i would .
the associate then left and got the owner .
doctors are good but office staff is very lacking .
omg doesn't the patient 's comfort come first ?
i just want an appointment .
oh , and she never called me back .
i will not be back .
both doctors were arrogant and impersonal .
both made me feel like my concerns weren't important .
worst medical practice ever .
office staff is rude and inattentive .
the asian girl has never been a nice person .
not a typing error .
instead it's been a very negative experience .
i hate dealing with the shane company kids .
send me my money back !
walked around for a while .
i will not return to shane co .
i was a little insulted honestly and was done .
maybe thats why i have such an issue .
what kind of crap is that ?
isn't that false advertising ?
i wasn't impressed with shane co at all .
didn't seem to care .
do not rent a room here .
the furniture in the lobby is disgusting and dirty .
i am embarrassed that this hotel is in scottsdale .
this is not one of those hotels .
i went for the first time friday after work .
i'm not happy w/ the service or the outcome .
i'm not setting foot in that spot again .
shame on north scottsdale family medicine !
we are not hard on furniture .
it's for sitting on and watching tv .
the delivery charges didn't justify the expense .
these people are incompetent .
these people are clueless .
i would never use this company again .
i did not receive one call back .
it was inedible , we sent it back .
i really expected soooo much more from this place .
wow , i was disappointed .
they totally changed out the menu selection .
tgi friday have more selection then them .
plus the service was slow .
the whole restaurant seems to be empty .
they're not all bad .
now the worst part .
i'm not buying it .
loaded nachos are not good .
cheap beef and cheap processed cheese sauce .
bad service and worse food .
everything is way over priced and disgusting .
any major damage though , they did pay for .
they never get back to me .
we ultimately chose california pools because of their salesman .
california pools was a bust .
this customer service sucks .
again no return phone call .
very disappointed in these guys service .
they left a mud stream in the street curb .
very poor form , california pools & landscape .
would not recommend this business .
would not recommend this company .
she said she would have someone call us .
i'm still waiting for that call back .
i guess that ca pools doesn't need new customers !
our designer , dj , was the first issue .
better communication from there but still not to par .
disgusting place , poor attitudes , parking the worse !
warning do not go to this location .
overall , i'd say it was decent .
not great , not good , but not terrible .
the rice looked like char !
the egg rolls were extremely doughy and bland .
such thick dough i didn't finish even one .
couldn't put enough sauces to add flavor .
it was a bland taste of who knows what .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
the absolute worst chinese place i've ever been to .
the chicken wings were inedible .
the fried rice was even worse .
this time it was awful .
the chicken was dry .
the fried rice had no flavor .
you need to take chance in this restaurant .
second time , just ok .
third time , awful .
all were okay but nothing really stood out .
i ordered kung pao beef and vegetable chow mein .
felt like something was missing in the flavor .
worst chinese food i've ever had .
hoping it would be good , it was disgusting !
it was all lacking in flavor for us .
the customer service is awful .
they did not return my calls .
wouldn't accommodate my schedule .
said they'd call me back , they have n't .
they seemed entirely overwhelmed by our large group .
not my idea of a resort .
it was almost laughable .
by far the worst i have ever attended .
the food was awful !
beef jerky instead of roast beef au jus .
the vegetables were undercooked and hard .
what a total mess of a resort .
very loud and disturbing !
place is very run down .
no activities at resort .
please don't stay this resort .
it is a total hole .
no room service no spa .
when you show zero interest you'll be asked again .
don't waste time or money here .
did not stay at hotel , just golf .
the property is depressing .
it was just dull and depressing .
i do not know why we come back here .
this place is a joke and poorly managed .
there was not a soul in site .
the course is in terrible shape .
not a good value at all .
i would not recommend .
front desk and outside staff were friendly .
the nails are uneven and shaped horribly .
do not go to this salon !
they have lost a customer .
i'm embarrassed to be apart of the same industry .
the employees here are so rude .
it was pretty bland .
want to eat a lot of so-so sushi ?
not me , i'm trying elsewhere .
-- bland , gooey , overcooked , or undercooked .
dh & i went to benihana on friday night .
one of the worst dining experiences i've ever had !
the service was also bad .
would not go back .
didn't even make it past the hostess nazi .
he was sarcastic and condescending during the entire preparation .
we go often and this time was the worst .
but that is not written on the coupon .
the waitress was so rude !
asks for our drink order ; just waters .
doesn't get my boyfriend 's order .
didn't get drink refills at all .
it was the worst experience ever !
they're already wearing rubber gloves .
everyone on the table was hungry and was complaining .
soup and salad were delivered at the same time .
yuk ; save your money and go elsewhere !
the food was okay , but the timing sucked !
horrible experience at this place .
this place is not for foodies .
horrible , slow service .
but i just couldn't let it go this time .
the birthday certificate used to be way better .
the service was painfully slow from this point on .
waiters standing talking and having fun but not working .
very pricey and not much food for your money .
won't go here again .
the sushi rolls were bland and flavorless .
i was super disappointed .
i'll never go back to this benihana again .
no apology & not accurate .
i've enjoyed other locations but this was pathetic .
unfortunately this will be my last visit to benihana .
i recently dined at benihana for my birthday celebration .
this is my second attempt here .
what a shame , benihana !
hostess was very rude and unwelcoming .
this visit was not like the others .
gave less food than before .
just not an entire spice rack full .
don't think i'll be going back .
also ordered the spinach cakes from the app menu .
had a bad lunch .
the soup was too thick and salty .
the chicken kabob was tough .
i saw a cook i never seen before .
ill take a break for awhile .
this is how people get sick .
just not very appetizing .
the food was dripping in grease .
should be called the bad egg .
the cook obviously didn't try my potatoes .
the bad egg is a joke .
cesar g said the food is plain , bland .
the buttermilk pancakes are also a fail .
how long does it really take to cook eggs ?
needless to say their service was very slow .
there was nothing good about my experience .
my one star rating is more then they deserve !
they cut portions way down and kept prices up .
when the food came it was cold .
not going to this chain ever again !
also , everything was cold .
very disappointed by this company .
no follow up during the process .
tiffany prices with dollar store execution .
would not work with them again .
the condition of the furniture was completely unacceptable .
it was like a dressed up gas station bathroom .
i was really excited to try this place today .
sadly , the food blows .
i'm gon na fix that rat .
none of us ate more than 1/2 our bowls .
when we stepped in , i was excited .
it looked like our kinda place .
all in all , no one was nice here .
but it's not , so it pretty much sucks .
it was not authentic and very americanized chinese .
overall , the experience was highly disappointing .
just not a fan of chop and wok .
however , i've kinda given up on this place .
the worst excuse for chinese food !
worse than kmart photography !
the employee seemed to be a bit annoyed .
and it wasn't just me who thought this .
but alas , no love was shown .
anyway the sashimi and sushi were fine .
i can't stand that .
anyway , its ok .
check it out and decide for yourself .
the service also has gone downhill .
our sushi was less than stellar .
it tasted frozen , chewy , and often stale .
the katsu chicken was dry and hard .
we will not return to sushi on shea .
the food quality was awful !
i am a crazy sushi lover !
the food quality was awful !
the food was just nothing to write home about .
first of all the staff is extremely rude .
not a big sushi fan but my wife is .
but the scallop roll was undercooked and tasted bad .
i was super disappointed with sushi on shea .
the sushi was ok , the service was ok .
won't be going back .
the quality of the fish was not that great .
gave me seared yellowtail with rice .
ordered spicy tuna , zero spicy .
no jalapeo , and it was quite mushy .
they need better lighting .
talk is cheap , watch out for empty promises .
extremely overpriced for the end product .
it's too bad yelp does not allow zero stars .
sunday came and went , no flowers .
my cell phone had n't rang all day .
are you kidding me ?
i know i never will again .
are they just not into tires ?
i did not use medical insurance at costco .
would not recommend " doctor my eyes . "
all she wants to do is make money .
no sign , no explanation .
my leather did not last at all .
they gave me free samples which burned my skin .
too many other good nail places around .
i think this pie is awful .
it's quite pricy too .
not bad , but not good , either .
what really ruined it for me was the cheese .
this was just so not worth it .
the pizza was tasteless , overpriced and burnt .
it really gives the impression that they don't care .
delivery guy showed no care for the pizza .
i did not complain i just called to ask .
do not get delivery .
the owner is unprofessional and blatantly rude .
they were very skimpy on the ingredients .
no credit towards another class .
not even a discount towards another class .
i took a pie baking class right before christmas .
i was not asking for a free class .
no reply at all .
this is completely unacceptable !
the rude lady basically hung up on me .
i would not recommend this store to anyone .
short or they won't see you .
there is no empathy .
they are n't very cheap either .
too bad the dining experience ruined the night .
i'm very torn about this place .
the executive chef should know better !
i've had much better .
unfortunately it all went downhill from there .
setting is cute , food is mediocre .
i ordered the scallops over chorizo risotto .
he was " rushed " through the whole meal .
this meal was not worth that price .
bread is also not automatically brought to the table .
very inconsistent food quality .
i'm not making this up .
however , our server was terrible .
not cooked to our liking .
i thought it was rude !
no prompt refills on iced tea .
worst sandwich i've ever had !
will not be returning .
our waiter was cordial but inattentive .
i could not believe it !
needless to say , i will never go back !
awful customer service , will not be returning .
the food is nothing great .
i can not believe the reviews on yelp .
now for the bad part .
it was fresh but nothing to write home about .
the duck leg confit was abysmal .
doesn't mean that zinc bistro can't be unique .
after today i won't be going back .
it was barely warm and the cheese was hard .
the service was just ok.
i've been to weddings where people wore flip flops .
i guess zinc is taking the french thing literally .
visited on september 6th and won't be back .
got denied by a rude manager ( ?
went back in august ( for birthday dinner ) .
almost empty restaurant but service was terrible .
really need better wait staff .
desserts or something to make up for the delay .
but she has no power to do anything .
does not deserve another chance .
just got done with lunch and service was horrible .
we were horrified because they smelled so bad !
pass this one by .
this chef has lost his way .
are no french staples except for the fries .
tasteless scallops to boot .
doubt the tomato sauce was homemade .
it's just too pricey .
was not expecting that .
had a sad experience there this past weekend .
i can't recommend the cheesecake factory .
and what a disappointment it was .
and of course , offered nothing for the trouble .
well not once were we asked .
lets just say the service was beyond awful .
they served me a salad that has gone bad .
but got bad salmon on sat .
will avoid the salmon at all cost .
i felt horrible for the other group .
our waiter was just kinda sloppy .
he didn't even know what time it was .
this was really bad .
the quality here has hit a low .
we couldn't wait to get out if there .
didn't even go for dessert .
extremely disappointed in our experience at the cheesecake factory .
the only cheesecake which was good was the original .
the problem was the server .
we ate here today for lunch .
had empty glasses for approx .
not at all what we expected for the price .
beware of getting sick here !
she was nowhere to be found .
he said he would find her , but didn't .
the service is really bad .
just don't want to set myself up for disappointment .
doesn't anyone know how to fry anymore ?
but i did not complain .
not good , cheesecake factory , not good .
no offer to fix it at that point .
terrible tone of voice and everything .
not the cleanest cheesecake factory i've visited .
don't eat here unless you want to get sick .
she said no one had brought it out .
the burger came plain with no onion rings .
place was loud and chaotic .
oh and not to mention absolutely disgusting .
silverware covered in old crusted food .
these strawberries should have never been served !
but i couldn't see it or taste it .
what happens next was down right disgusting .
very grossed out and disappointed .
the quality of food has gone down the drain .
shame on you cheesecake factory !
i ordered a mexican tortilla salad with chicken .
way too costly for the type of salad .
then they was another dog running around the bar .
once is a mistake .
three times is inexcusable .
i didn't finish the sandwich .
not a place to go if you like wraps .
the cheese at least tasted like real cheddar cheese .
that 's not good for business !
i don't understand why it's such .
but it's not worth the stress and hassle .
einstein , i hate you bad .
my experience this time was worse .
this place is the worst !
they always seem annoyed to make your food .
they gave me a coupon for a free sandwich .
i just really wish they would make a change .
i'm never going back .
most apathetic , borderline rude staff .
then she put the phone down .
and she was not the receptionist .
i'm sure this is standard behavior not yet corrected .
same marks going down his legs .
seems ridiculous for the minor work performed .
get your quote in writing !
they seriously lack customer service .
that 's why i called tuesday morning !
but should i really have to argue for that ?
but it's not worth it !
lincoln properties are the worst in scottsdale .
bad management and high rent for junk .
plus he treats his help like crap .
i should have just gone to jimmy johns .
just another typically italian deli with italian attitude .
let 's cut to the chase .
this place wouldn't make it through opening weekend .
it's pretty hard to mess up eggs .
the chicken parmesan sandwich i bought was awful .
it is also very expensive .
please , save yourself money and time .
chicken noodle soup was very salty !
so , reluctantly , i did .
rude service mediocre food and slow delivery times .
why mess up a good thing ?
i am just horrified at this customer service .
really bad sandwiches in this dump .
not good for the money .
no sir i would not like another .
he didn't care at all .
obviously he does not appreciate his customers .
worst sausage and peppers sandwich ever .
i would not waste my money or time .
don't think i'll be going back .
girl on the phone was very rude .
i am never going to order there again .
huge difference and big mistake .
don't waste your money like i did .
okay never coming here again .
do not come to this location they suck .
if i want to buy , i go online .
room was okay but clearly worn .
suffice to say nothing came of this .
also , a clogged shower drain .
dark and attendant was creepy .
dirty , dirty , dirty .
i'd rather pay to sleep in my car .
also , the staff is very rude .
stained carpet , just plain flat dirty !
if i could give it no stars i would .
it was like hitting rock bottom .
it was like hitting rock bottom .
horrible experience for my daughter 's wedding .
do not go here for a suit .
i will not walk back in here .
i go in wednesday and everything went wrong .
then the pants were too long still .
they are either incompetent or straight up liars .
the employees were friendly , overall , as well .
i really want to like this place .
the food however , leaves much to be desired .
same goes for his customers .
this is where my happiness ends .
the staff were completely apathetic to all of this .
it needs an attitude and staff adjustment .
i just had the worst chi tea latte ever .
it didn't taste anything like chi .
had a very disappointing breakfast .
but the worst was the service .
the service was awful .
i much prefer starbucks to an attitude like this .
i get making a mistake .
the lack of stars is the service .
was a horrible experience .
she said i wouldn't look good .
why did no one led me to sephora ?
i am never going back .
i am so frustrated .
very disappointed in this place .
this place is terrible !
what a mistake that was .
disappointing considering how simple of a tattoo it is .
i'm very disappointed with him and his work ethic .
i won't be going back .
i always leave empty handed .
tacky , but not tacky enough to be fun .
another one bites the dust .
odd menu , poor choices , poorly presented .
i will not go back .
this is not good asian food .
the veggie stir fry was terrible .
the quality of food just wasn't that good .
the food was as lackluster as the service .
not very pleased 2nd time around won't return .
no taste , no spice either .
not impressed with this restaurant at all .
and complete lack of service .
is what you are looking for .
no flavors stood out at all .
poor food , poor service .
that 's not chinese food !
i find it offensive to be frank .
the entrees , however made up for it .
all in all , not the best experience .
i am so disappointed .
i was thoroughly disappointed and won't come back soon .
maybe , but it sure didn't taste like it .
the crab puffs were the most disappointing .
so little crab , so much cream cheese .
however , tonight we had to walk out .
it tasted okay , nothing special though .
absolutely the worst pho i have ever had .
the soup tasted like roast beef soup .
please don't waste money here.
very disappointed after reading the reviews .
bad food we didn't even eat it.
simply couldn't eat the food .
but it was dead !
no more salads for be on this place .
now paying was another ordeal !
i've had better and will not return .
this place is terrible .
slow service , slow food and cold chicken .
the service was the worst .
this place drives me crazy .
i went alone tonight .
didn't see my waiter .
the calamari is tasty but often too chewy .
i ordered the pad thai with chicken and shrimp .
apparently that means serve it plain , no sauce .
they were definitely not very accomodating .
there was also no free wifi .
yes , the hotel reeks of smokers .
the help at the restaurants are beyond clueless .
- walls between rooms are very thin .
with little to no personal space and is dirty .
our last visit wasn't as good as other ones .
came here for thanksgiving dinner and it was terrible .
the food was cold and over salted .
the prime rib was over cooked and very salted .
however , the service is extremely inconsistent .
maybe it is my fault .
maybe i should not have trusted the westin .
i stayed here late march .
the service , sadly , was terrible !
the kids pool and surrounding grounds were filthy !
almost ruined birthday party .
avoid at all costs .
their own employees do not even know their policies .
i gave him my number .
sadly to say , we will not return .
they took my number and never called back .
no compensation at all .
but unfortunately run by incompetent front desk staff .
even the bell guy said they were very rude .
some weird , offensive smell throughout entire hotel .
golf prices , just too high .
from there it all goes downhill !
it is a no go !
most likely won't stay here again .
pool dirty with leaves and sticks .
does not even compare to the westin in tucson .
this hotel is not that great .
the common walls are obviously thin .
the food in the pool area is mediocre .
the pieces are too hot to use .
there was no service at all .
we were so disappointed !
associates not very nice .
bad move taking out pool tables etc .
associates not very nice .
bad move taking out pool tables etc .
that has failed to happen .
associates not very nice .
bad move taking out pool tables etc .
should 've stayed at the phoenician instead !
not even kidding this really happened .
umm , that 's gross .
to me , that 's money better spent .
not a rack i will frequent .
none of this is true .
turns out you get coupons that are like cash .
all the poor reviews on yelp are spot on .
did i mention this was is a shoe store ?
did i mention this was is a shoe store ?
lesson learned for them right ?
thanks but no thanks !
this is not acceptable .
i wish i'd tried somewhere else for dry cleaning .
i wont use again .
i would not recommend this cleaner .
but it has gotten worse and worse .
we went for pedicures and they rushed us !
will not be back !
she doesn't honor appointments .
she blamed me because i was late .
most likely will not go back .
: ( hate having crappy dry hands n nails !
do not buy furniture from here !
they do not stand by their products .
they are a rip off .
like , overpriced expensive .
worst customer service ever .
terrible store customer service .
bill the store manager didn't do anything .
never called me back !
the staff left much to be desired .
so if you didn't mention it you got screwed .
do not use this location !
they have a couple of generic draft beers .
the execution was totally off .
the food was mediocre .
this is a big loss for the community .
awful service leads to never trusting this place .
overall bad taste in how they handle things .
what a complete disaster !
literally the worst shopping experience i've ever had .
it was rude and intrusive .
online is wrong , store is correct .
nope , they could not handle that either .
the ball actually rolls where it should go .
boy was i wrong !
i will never step foot into another ymca again .
paying upper management with it ?
workout room is very crowded with equipment .
no way , no how .
other gyms which charge less have clean machines .
valet parking at this store , really ?
yeah , me neither .
not even a hello .
i walked in and looked at all the furniture .
not a smile , not a hello , nothing .
what a crappy brand experience .
typical for scottsdale however .
scary store totally void of color .
depressing and dank furniture .
and calling customer service was a joke .
just don't bother a busy sales person .
don't like this place very much .
it's not that anything was particularly bad or offensive .
it just wasn't great .
again , nothing was wrong with it .
however , it was far from gourmet .
but for that price , i expect quality .
i have nothing against this restaurant .
i wasn't at all put off by the meal .
so i'll be taking my money to those .
if it was homemade pasta , i would understand .
the filling and sauce were terrible .
overall , it was a disappointing meal .
flavorful , yes , but not spicy as described .
the homemade ravioli were large and flavorful , though .
i ended up ordering the fettuccine alfredo with mushrooms .
did not enjoy my meal at all .
could not get myself to eat it .
the main courses were completely forgettable .
portions were small and way overpriced .
unfortunately we were very disappointed .
surprisingly nothing came with the food .
the pasta on my plate was disappointing and bland .
our whole experience was terrible .
she never said they were sorry .
the sauce was runny and had no flavor .
it was disappointing and we will never return .
the hostess is rude and condescending .
the beef carpaccio was awful .
worst carpaccio i have ever had .
it was our first time going to this restaurant .
never seen anything like it .
this place is terrible .
never again would we go back there .
just consider me one and done .
trust me , olive garden is a better bet .
service was mediocre to poor .
the service was awful and slow .
had a rude waitress .
this place is way over rated !
she ruined our evening .
made suggestions and was prompt with drinks .
none of the apps are gf .
i ordered a very boring salad .
why have reservations if you do not honor them ?
it was disgusting and certainly gross .
they surely threw her under the bus .
our waitress was pushy and a bit rude .
i couldn't believe it .
i said no and proceeded to leave .
they seem to just want your money .
all my favorite staff is gone too .
don't take your animals to banfield hospitals .
i never received updated warranty cards .
something is just not adding up .
would not recommend to anyone !
last time i'll be visiting them sadly .
these guys are horrible .
i was drinking water .
i was not informed of this and was pissed .
these specials that have these restrictions drive me crazy .
i'm not going back to this place .
just left the arena sorts grill .
however , that it where it stops .
never again would we go to this place .
that 's not a chicken wing .
it sure didn't look like 1/3 lb either .
i would not go back here .
it is definitely a cheap sports bar .
a complete waste of money .
unfortunately , a lot has changed .
it was like rubber and very dry .
hard to cut with a fork .
everything was completely flavorless .
everyone in our party was disappointed with their meals .
it wasn't anything close to decent .
sadly i will never go back .
it's too bad it has gone so far downhill .
this place used to be a favorite of mine .
idk what happened but it really went down hill .
i probably won't be back for the food .
soggy and over cooked beef .
nothing on yelp says they are closed .
i couldn't eat either of them .
it was ok , i guess .
i'd highly suggest that you not eat here .
i was very disappointed .
again , no problem paying for the diet coke .
my low review is based on the owner .
probably won't go back either .
a warning would have been nice .
then the beer prices , really ?
umm not worth the drive at all .
it wasn't horrible , but it wasn't great either .
my chicken was a little too done .
i hate this place .
couldn't stand the music .
play to your audience not what you like .
i was really disappointed with our experience here .
the service was by far the worst .
: ( very sad .
: ( very sad .
he was losing weight .
but it just felt completely awful to do that .
it really felt like they cared for helping him .
wouldn't eat , couldn't hold her head up .
very bad customer service .
they too seemed surprised by cactus flower 's attitude .
really less than impressed .
thier driver must think they own the road .
very poor customer service !
they never sell old flowers just toss them .
when i returned the bouquet really wasn't much better .
never again will i purchase from cactus flower .
very disappointed and will not be returning , ever .
do yourself a favor and choose elsewhere .
you lost a customer for life cactus flower .
if i could leave less stars i would !
don't waste your time .
i wish i had used someone else .
don't give this jerk your money .
he doesn't deserve our or your money .
they just don't show wear .
they have the worst customer service .
but stay away from the pharmacy .
what a waste of time .
don't waste your time see a doctor !
unbelievably poor service , prices and people .
i waited hours for this bad treatment .
never use this place as a walk in clinic !
one of the worst places i have been too !
understandable bc that place was crazy busy .
tonight i had one of the worst experiences here .
talk about a rip-off !
i would never patronize the room store again .
they have the worst customer service department .
they try everything they can to void the warranty .
there won't be a third time .
i had a terrible experience with this place !
i wish i could give it negative stars .
buyer beware , this place is terrible .
now for the horrible .
that 's when it got worse .
the worst part isn't even over .
i couldn't believe my ears !
i will never purchase anything from this company again .
we originally ordered them a week before christmas .
it looked out of place to a humorous degree .
that 's two hundred and fifty dollars .
it was a nightmare i couldn't wake up from .
i felt so mad at this point .
okay i contacted james at this ups store .
he wouldn't work with my at all !
this place has no respect for regular customers .
greedy owners and no respect for regulars .
poor service mediocre food .
this place was utterly ridiculous .
i ordered pizza , wife ordered chicken parm .
we will not be back .
so nasty and so rude .
mediocre italian , at best .
the broasted potatoes were boring fried potatoes .
it was dry , dry dry .
the owner is rude .
he was loud and overbearing to customers .
it's gone to hell .
false advertising at its best .
worst service i've had in quite some time .
this place is a disaster !
the dirty cooks don't wear gloves .
i ordered linguini with clam sauce .
the clams were not fresh .
no beers on tap .
no cold glasses either .
talk about the worst service , food and atmosphere .
they deserve to go out of business !
you really shouldn't have to wonder that .
never made it to my next appointment .
but i shouldn't have been surprised .
meets the craving for chicago but not completely .
shame on you guys .
these things were used but sold at full price .
i just will not go back .
i have never felt more uncomfortable going anywhere .
i won't be back here again .
people should know they are buying nearly stolen merchandise .
stay away and be warned !
why why would the owners use that location !
this place is overpriced and isn't real italian .
don't waste your time here .
my husband just got chicken parmesan which so bland .
they didn't like the taste .
the shrimp was horribly cooked and rubbery .
just not good food !
the food was fresh but very bland .
i was disappointed overall and won't be back .
the bread was nothing special .
the water tasted terrible .
portion size was ridiculously small .
dust and trash everywhere and the stench was awful .
would like to see more additions here .
waiter was rude rest of the night .
i so appreciate the service and the food .
if it weren't season , we would have left .
which is completely ridiculous .
utterly disappointed in their customer service .
looks like we will try another local place instead .
what a horrible experience .
but i'm having trouble .
are you kidding me ?
hmm no , but thanks .
you have been most helpful .
will never go back and do not recommend .
however , the service was terrible .
another quality restaurant bites the dust .
would not go back again .
at scottsdale , huge mistake !
the server and manager we encountered were rude .
the steaks were just ok .
but , she served it anyway .
the noise level was unbearable .
i went here for restaurant week .
mediocre is the best i can say .
not worth it for the price .
all i can is meh .
hands down it was awesome .
the filet looked like beef jerk or barbacoa .
just overall not impressed with the price and selection .
second rate food , and poor management !
contacted chicago head office , couldn't care less .
unfortunately that location is closed now .
the service was extremely rushed and indifferent .
the lobster cocktail was not edible .
it was disappointing how crowded the tables were .
the steak was nothing special .
i was disappointed in the mac .
it also just tasted like bar food .
it was a huge disappointment .
the food was insulting for the price .
my steak was a very fatty and tough .
i probably won't be returning anytime soon .
it was dry and not very tasty .
it's not appropriate " .
why does he keep calling him my friend ?
i will not return until adjustments are made .
obviously he did not care .
service and food was way below par .
also , our dinner orders were wrong .
i'm trying to get our money back .
food was acceptable but service was lousy .
morton 's is not what it used to be .
steaks were great , service was terrible .
why ask for feedback , if you don't care .
tonight begins arizona restaurant week .
very low ceilings very dark restaurant .
the waitstaff had an irritating air to them .
but everything else was average if not worse .
just not my scene .
only reason i would .
should you decide to dine at ra .
it was that blah sushi .
but i'm sticking to my other sushi hot spots .
sucked as soon as we walked in .
this place sucks ball and i won't be back .
why , why , why ?
turn the fucking music down !
teriyaki is not my favorite but this was alright .
eh , this place is not good .
salad & soup mediocre .
i showed the manager , she walked away .
waiting for the replacement sushi without wasabi took forever .
no discount off the bill .
this place has the worst service and sushi food .
i would try to find another place .
this place sucks ass .
lost my business for good .
there was a delay even after that point .
i tried getting his attention but he didn't care .
maybe she should have been trained in it better .
the vegas rolls were way too messy .
i had no clue what the other thing was .
i couldn't finish it because it tasted too bitter .
anyway , it was overpriced .
bad experience on reservation .
this is where it gets confusing .
since substitutions are sometimes about allergies that isn't super .
management , train your employees on customer service .
too many fails for the least acceptable reason .
but not packed i.e .
the ladies room was disgusting .
not even worth it for happy hour .
not off to a good start ra .
but the server we then had was amazing !
the bathroom was disgusting .
this ra has the worst service of all !
the server did nothing .
it actually did not even taste good .
it was an all around mess .
the issue was the horrendous customer service .
no customer ever wants to feel rushed .
no rush sir . "
i received dirty looks to boot ?
most recent trip here was disappointing .
drinks and service were slow .
i likely won't be coming back .
we we finally got our drinks they tasted horrible .
no telling what was taking place in the kitchen .
the food didn't make anything better .
the late night cravings were kicking in .
let 's just say waaaay too much cream cheese .
the food was mediocre at best .
scallop was too chewy .
rice was too sticky .
horrible horrible service by danielle .
the people around us couldn't believe it .
it's not that hard !
she is a rude person with a horrible attitude .
we will not return in your establishment .
there is zero reason to be treated that way !
maybe you need a big window in customer service .
they literally comp meals left and right .
they came out soo dry .
i mean like dry dry .
like it was beef and chicken crackers .
the food is awful .
but hey , the portions of it are huge !
went to get gel nails the other day .
they did a very sloppy job .
only one lives out of state .
there had been some mistake .
the person who scheduled was not there .
no offer to accomodate .
customer service is awful .
this place is not clean !
i won't be back .
i had a horrible experience here .
but that wasn't the problem .
i have very mixed feelings about this place .
am i crazy to walk back in here ?
nice place on the inside but horrible experience .
the absolute worst manicure i've ever had .
very unprofessional and extremely poor customer service .
i will never go back to desert nail spa .
was very rushed and not even enjoyable .
my nails were uneven .
are we serious here ?
haircut : nothing special .
i wasted time and money at bravo .
worst experience of my life !
also , store is very dirty !
would never go back and do not recommend !
first off , the lighting stunk .
she just didn't have a soft touch .
overall , it was below average experience .
bravo appears to cater to primarily elderly clientele .
the place looks old and kind of cheap .
i won't be back to bravo salon .
i would not recommend this salon to a friend .
this guy has been rude to me several times .
terrible service and not professional at all .
disappointed and will have to get my tailoring elsewhere .
i hate writing negative reviews !
i gave him another try with a skirt .
i was desperate so i let it slide .
anything else stay away .
i said forget it and walked away .
some of the worst service i've ever seen .
the atmosphere not so much .
we didn't get a chance to taste the food .
not above average , but good for average wings .
clock doctor ruined it .
it was huge , but a bit bland .
now i wish we could forget last night .
the seafood in the paella was dry .
i won't be dining here ever again .
food and service was a++ .
my only complaint was the seating and chairs .
they use plastic chairs -- like cheap lawn chairs .
it was just as i remembered .
blah and bland and pretty boring .
a cold bean dip with hot chips ?
havana cafe doesn't even come close .
needless to say i'm very disappointed .
the atmosphere was tacky and unimpressive .
horrible experience , bland food , overpriced .
the atmosphere was not bad .
it made dinner very uncomfortable .
the cuisine is unique , but poorly prepared .
again , service was horrible .
food is overpriced and not that great .
wait my automatic watch stopped working .
the prices remain high .
i love their food but their service is horrible .
what happened tonight was the last straw .
as usual i went for mojito monday .
the sangria wasn't anything special though .
the paella was really salty and buttery .
unfortunately the seafood inside wasn't very fresh .
the steak was not a premium cut of meat .
we then got bread pudding and flan for dessert .
it was fairly bland and forgettable .
maybe i just don't like cuban food though .
would not recommend this at all .
stay away from this garbage dump .
the service liked the food was garbage .
our entrees were brought out to us .
for chicken , rice & beans .
was i ever disappointed .
this place has turned me off of cuban food .
the rice and beans were mediocre and flavorless .
way too expensive for low quality food .
i definitely do not plan on returning .
all the dishes we ordered were disgusting !
i can go on forever but would rather not .
they were just barely good .
until then i would avoid this place .
there wasn't even a waitress anywhere in sight .
this place is racist !
what a huge disappointment !
the seafood clearly wasn't fresh .
it was old seafood .
not impressed at all .
food not that good overpriced .
service not that good .
this place was just eh .
the dessert , creme brulee , was awful !
i can't see them being open much longer .
place was nearly empty on a friday evening .
then a wait , and i mean a wait .
not a hint of red .
looked like a meatball with spaghetti around it .
just an odd , outdated place .
scratch this one off the list .
but it was not even worth 1/2 price .
the bread was burned and dry .
the food was pure grease with cheeses and sauce .
the service is extremely slow .
the food was extremely subpar .
i could taste plenty of oil unfortunately .
the pasta was swimming in grease .
this place is expensive and not good .
i would suggest taking your hard earned cash elsewhere .
this has nothing to do with food or service .
the painting on the wall is absurd !
i couldn't eat it after the third bite .
they really need to look to that .
i hate when they are soft and slimy .
last attempt was the butternut squash ravioli .
save your money try some where else .
the color was no longer there .
rude and not great with customer service .
i felt like the staff was lazy .
i won't be back .
messy , messy , messy .
the cream cheese didn't taste very fresh either .
ill give the bagels a try sometime .
veggies and bacon looked unappetizing .
prices are inflated ( scottsdale lol ) .
anyway , this place ain't it .
bagels were large , but nothing special .
avoid this place if you know bagels .
there are no lunch specials or combos .
the service at this place is horrible .
the staff is is incompetent & lazy .
they literally walked away without saying anything .
my order was wrong when i got it .
because it had the wrong condiments it tasted disgusting .
this place is very disorganized .
something about this place feels dirty to me .
the omelet was very overcooked and dry .
i took one bite and couldn't eat any more .
worst service i've ever encountered .
avoid like the plague .
tiny sandwich served on crunchy rye , not steamed .
the pastrami was served cold .
oh well i'm sure the bagels are ok .
for my order , thankfully she put on gloves .
this place is terrible !
i am from new york .
food presentation was nothing with nothing .
the bagels were just so-so .
our visit was in a word , sad .
and i really hate having to say that .
we were seated promptly , so no problems there .
a little common kindness goes a really long way .
and i've only written one other yelp review before .
not sure based on our experience .
the potatoes were ok but also not hot .
don't know how we keep the doors open here .
but apparently he didn't look at my plate .
i wasn't hungry enough to finish my joke plate .
our poor waiter was sweet but clueless .
ruth is off in her own little world .
this is not the first time .
we mentioned our concern to ruth the last time .
shelly is awesome but she can't do it all .
i don't recommend this place .
the manager was rude .
i wish i could give no stars .
terrible customer service , even now .
needless to say , there were several other dogs .
the absolute worst management .
the paper towel roller is broke .
the worst customer service around .
their stock is not dependable .
8:30 on a saturday , give me a break .
not worth the wait .
just not worth the price they're charging .
instead , i came away underwhelmed .
the ambience was less than ideal .
no candles on any of the tables .
in short , the presentation needed work .
however , the damage was already done .
lastly , they only accept cash .
i would not say that it is very inexpensive .
are you kidding me ?
nothing to stand up and shout over .
i am glad i did not get sick .
food however was a disappointment .
probably wouldn't come back .
extremely disgusting and rude !
didn't even take the sandwich off the bill .
also they only take cash here .
don't go here , unless you like eating hair .
each slice was individually breaded and then baked .
i wouldn't recommend coming here .
felt forgotten on the patio .
i wish i could give it zero stars !
don't quite get the reviews .
place is tiny and only takes cash .
major turn off / not a great 1st impression .
me not spending any more money here .
this was terribly inconvenient .
the crab is imitation .
plus cash only to pay really ?
i ordered eggplant parmigiana , which arrived only lukewarm .
could not even find the eggplant .
this time was terrible .
she hates side talk as well .
i didn't sign up to get yelled at .
the selection is lackluster with really no great finds .
bland , bland and more bland .
great in theory , poor in execution .
the problem began when he returned to our house .
they treated us very poorly .
my two star rating is mainly for the food .
very little on the menu is vegetarian .
there is nothing modern or innovative on the menu .
chips and salsa are my favorite here .
not worth the time or your money !
slow service and messed up orders .
burritos : chicken inside was excellent .
decor : old and needs a redo and cheesy .
workers : mostly teenagers with no management .
awful al 's as we call it .
no wonder the place was dead .
so , so mexican food .
service was a little to hands off .
had n't been here in many years .
the service was awful .
the bartender could not maintain her tables .
she was clueless to her actions .
the food was mediocre .
pollo con queso was tasteless .
chicken had no flavor .
i appreciate that but it was too late .
bad service , bad food .
loyal customer no longer .
they also will not label any take out .
food was par for mexican cuisine and nothing special .
the facility is clean but it was so outdated .
my expectations were not met , very disappointed .
my son had a horrible experience there .
just a sad situation in general .
nope , no mistake .
however the staff is rude and unfriendly , extremely !
would not step foot in this place again .
that just blew me away !
horrible people and very rude office staff .
i will not come back here ever again .
will not go back !
so , thought i would give them another chance .
is as bad as the store itself .
guess what no phone call or email .
i can not recommend this place .
rooms were very small and breakfast was awful .
but the customer service was completely awful .
i do not want to deal with this again .
called on monday to schedule for tune up .
he says sure , no problem .
compressor will reset . "
i am hurting and he didn't give a crap .
for the record i have never complained on yelp .
this place is terrible .
worst school i've been to in my life .
don't waste your time here .
monty is the owner operator of the store .
i'm never coming here again .
that 's not fair .
not a way to run a music store .
lack of customer service and out right rude staff .
now off to google a better place for lessons .
probably the worst haircut i've ever had .
left and went straight to my usual barber .
just like everyone else .
but why are you reading this ?
i am so totally grossed out by this location .
but the salad was all iceberg lettuce .
many reasons which were confirmed tonight .
pizza was not so good .
didn't like the cheese .
their food tastes like cardboard .
i had the baked ziti which was flavorless .
service was less than average .
olive garden continues its slow down hill slide .
wait staff was unfriendly and inattentive .
terrible service , worse food .
no apologies , no nothing from her .
i just don't understand the rudeness at olive garden .
today was extremely disappointing .
i was highly offended !
your lack of service .
they were not even busy only half full .
some of the worst customer service .
i would not recommend take out from this location .
i literally have never been treated so horribly .
all olive gardens are a joke .
soup is basically oil .
the pasta is crap and nothing has taste .
the only problem is that nothing is updated .
i scheduled an appointment with the dr .
he barely did a physical exam .
their priority is obviously not patient care .
i'll miss brittany pa : ( .
too bad that their service is so poor .
the new owner & management is not customer focused .
i was not happy .
if i could give a lower score i would .
save yourself the trouble , shop elsewhere !
my girlfriend 's favorite restaurant is red lobster .
yea , i like their biscuits .
and the food isn't particularly bad or anything .
but dang it's gotten expensive for what you're getting .
the restaurant is not designed to accommodated handicapped people .
never again , date night at red lobster .
food was pretty good , but service was bad .
but no such luck .
recently things have slipped .
what came was batter , no fish .
too may other places to eat .
the wait staff was just okay .
wait staff just matter of fact about it.
will not be returning .
i can't tell you how disappointed i was .
skip the fries though .
awful , service awful and food is gross .
seafood is not fresh at all .
cheddar biscuits are a round heart attack to come .
salads leave , correct entrees come .
all tastes like greasy , buttery , garlicky goo .
this was very very disappointing !
this was my first visit to red lobster .
the lobster tail was a sad sad story !
could not finish it .
how that isn't a even swap i don't know .
nothing to write home about .
not the red lobster i grew up on .
now red lobster sucks .
it feels like a basement .
there 's just none of the red lobster feels .
what the fuck good is a salad without croutons ?
i cant even watch a damn red lobster commercial .
i should of know better then to stop here .
shrimp not cooked and my steak is raw .
real crab cakes don't smell or taste like these .
this store always looks like a bomb went off .
this place is not good .
i bought a water gun , it didn't work .
the interior smells gross .
i'm pretty sure it's not good to eat .
the old rancho would have never done this .
no big deal , though .
granted , i have only been there once .
my friends didn't enjoy it , point blank .
maybe next time , i will be treated better .
the casino is a trap on so many levels .
the crab was over done and rubbery .
service : no complaints here .
the bartenders are a little slow .
lots of machines , but kind of false advertising .
okay , so that 's a forty cent machine .
i will be forever haunted by that image .
ah , the place where dreams go to die .
bingo supervisor was a dick !
that 's total crap .
printed tickets mean nothing to them .
i have not been in the bingo room .
they do not comp drinks while gambling .
precious dealer never had to do something so irritating .
both killing it for a change at slots .
they were not ready for a sold out event .
mistakes like this should never happen .
hard , as in concrete .
i will not play there again .
either courses lacked any real feature .
they were flat and boring .
too bad as the course was in good condition .
the employees should never hold up paying customers !
i won't be back .
avoid this place at all costs .
it couldnt me more uncomfortable .
dont risk losing your clothes there !
my family has used el pueblo for years .
don't go to this place .
she was rude and useless .
i am turning them in for these billing practices .
trust me , this place is a scam .
again , no acknowledgement .
could i meet the doctor before signing the agreement ?
guess what they have not called or written .
as an urgent care , they suffice .
this place is not an urgent care center !
they just take walk in patients .
the staff here seems to be very inexperienced .
i left the office very unsatisfied .
dr. williams is never in the office .
i tried to return a tool that failed .
just not from home depot .
continue to be horrible .
this store is a train wreck .
one of the worst places to get customer service .
i won't be going back .
the fish was bad .
the rice was bad .
almost no vegetarian options .
every dish was horribly sour tasting .
had their lunch combo with chicken teriyaki and gyoza .
can't spend enough to get respect , i guess .
everything is over priced for what it is .
but this place just isn't worth it !
i expected more from a japanese owned sushi restaurant .
messy on the plate , and difficult to eat .
the spicy tuna wasn't very spicy .
sashimi was not fresh and the rolls tasted weird .
no , we won't bother giving it another chance .
i really was so disappointed in this place .
what a waste of my money .
but this place ruined my love for sushi .
this place is ridiculous !
this one was a miss .
sorry for the poor review .
the rolls were a little loose for my liking .
very bad customer service .
good food but horrible service and not polite !
second time , i went for lunch again .
bland rolls , no flavor .
the review is not about food .
unfortunately tonight they failed at customer service .
we are extremely disappointed !
i walked to my car and started crying .
he came out and was also very rude .
it was a nightmare .
tried to call and the number does not work .
customer service doesn't exist .
find another bookstore to patronize .
she said , " no they're not " .
no , she wouldn't of .
bye bye membership card , hello amazon !
rude and not very helpful .
avoid the starbucks cafe .
barnes and noble sent nothing .
quite disappointed in customer service here .
cashier told me i could not get a discount .
this is a terrible company to work with !
it's not worth your time and frustration .
hotel staff needs a course in customer service .
the lady at the booth was extremely unfriendly .
you people have lost your mind .
i will never return to this petsmart location .
if i could do zero stars i would .
unfortunately this facility has gone downhill fast .
to petsmart 's huge loss , eric did leave .
i was so annoyed i just left .
absolutely worst pet grooming and boarding place ever .
there was no empathy or compassion at all .
the receptionist was also unwelcoming and not pleasant .
i recommend another location , not this .
they never refunded me a penny !
so disappointed in their service .
shop elsewhere and don't get taken advantage of .
is there really no great thai in scottsdale ?
for my entree i ordered a yellow curry chicken .
it wasn't bad , i just wasn't impressed .
the sauce was meh , not so much .
mediocre , forgettable experience .
that 's really expensive for tilapia !
wow the barista was incredibly rude !
not impressed with this location .
yes , this place still really sucks !
are you kidding me ?
rather he offered me another pizza .
i always get the cheese steak on wheat .
it's never busy anymore so there is no excuse .
gives old uncle sam a bad name .
she said she would find out who it was .
it even looks like the wings are assorted sizes .
wish i could give negative stars .
the food is just awful .
the cheese was nonexistent .
the sweet peppers were not sweet , just bitter .
there is nothing wrong with going to uncle sams .
gone but not forgotten .
my wife and i couldn't be more excited !
walked in with my hungry , thirsty children .
run for the hills !
they clearly don't care about the patient .
he didn't inform me of the injury .
if i could rate a zero i would !
the rest of the experience here was miserable .
took an already uncomfortable situation and made it worse .
ridiculous , i say .
very shoddy , poor quality work .
find someone else , anyone else .
it was a waste of time & money .
turns out he wasted mine .
bad dr , bad staff .
rude beyond belief and totally incompetent .
not good medicine and not good business .
going to walgreens down the street .
why wasn't i made aware of this ?
no answer could be given .
no answer could be given !
i mean , it's taco bell .
this is not healthy .
its actually really gross .
i'm not sure we'll be back .
the night started off normal .
we didn't even get our food .
didn't acknowledge the party .
after the bill came , nothing was comped .
the management here is absolutely horrible .
all the food besides the wings is crap .
however , other than that , stay clear .
every single take out order is wrong .
i'm trying to give them a chance .
they don't have any lunch specials .
manager never visited until after we got our food .
i can tell the owners don't give a hoot .
it was uncomfortable and irritating .
can't believe of all the places .
seriously can it get any worse .
" shit food " is not a swear mr .
secondly , they don't accept visa gift cards ?
now i know why the place was dead !
what a horrible attitude !
sorry , we don't do that here .
sorry , but that was my first impression .
at best , this place is a drinking hole .
i wouldn't eat there .
the quesadilla had no cheese , only chicken .
the worst allergy place around .
avoid at all costs and seek allergy treatments elsewhere .
extremely rude front office .
not a really challenging workout , but amusing nonetheless .
they have the absolute worst service ever !
disgusted with this place .
first time experience here and it was horrible .
this place was terrible .
everything in our apartment was in need of repair .
living in this complex was a complete nightmare .
the apartment has a horrible smell , like mildew .
the air condition unit works very poorly .
was disgusted when my daughter moved in the chair .
he never explained anything he was doing .
he was disgusted when she did not know .
i would not recommend this office to anyone .
in the end , i received no help .
always the same excuses , the same bs .
posted hours do not reflect actual hours of operation .
need yr records sent to you or another dr ?
unfortunately , making their turn around time really slow .
the whole office doesn't even have one email address .
i probably won't return .
this place is horrible .
i'm so mad because it really hurts .
my nails look horrible and not natural at all .
waste of time , money and frustration .
i tried this place for the first time .
my friend and i were really disappointed .
they run a horrible show at night .
they overcharged me for my food .
this location does not represent the company well .
it's kind of ridiculous .
paid full fare no refunds .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
i called nick as steve was off that day .
a major inconvenience for everyone .
this place is ridiculous !
shame on you macaroni grill !
what a horrible waste of money .
i will not be going back .
don't ask for changes or ask questions , please !
appetizers muscles were good as was the soup .
i originally assumed i had somebody else 's order .
except the pasta was undercooked .
i do not intend to go back .
the food came out cold and nasty .
the highlight of the meal was the bread .
from there , it was all downhill .
got all of the orders wrong in some way .
it's a chain i should have known better .
oh my gosh , what a disaster !
no big deal , right ?
the kitchen that was utterly chaotic .
our server nowhere to be seen .
there is no discount that makes up for that .
there was no prosciutto in there .
i was incredibly unhappy with this experience .
( will not return ) .
i had no problems with my meal .
i will never be visiting this macaroni grill again .
arrived and no one was there to greet us .
noticed a whole section that the tables were empty .
didn't say anything , we just ate it .
my son didn't finish his pasta .
my husband , son , and i ordered sausage .
my husbands was a little pink .
the main course was disgusting .
will not go to this place again .
food wasn't good and service kind of sucked !
will not go back !
oh and did i mention the restaurant was empty !
food poor at best .
slow service and very few folks eating .
this place is awful .
that 's why few cars in the lot consistently .
chicken was weird looking though .
so it looked like he had his hands full .
first the mac and cheese bites .
essentially it was just melted parmesan and mozzarella .
another app that wasn't worth the high price tag .
this franchise is barely hanging on !
way over priced for the terrible food .
food was not good .
so salty and bland .
there is no one to help anyone !
this place sucks and can't get anything right .
oh he just showed up with bill !
therefore , i was not able to eat there .
we were so disappointed eating here tonight .
very disappointed with this restaurant .
the reviews at all locations are low .
you could only taste garlic .
paid the bill in cash and change wasn't returned .
the couple didn't argue , just left .
they were extremely unprofessional .
i would never return to this place again .
even with that , the service was terrible .
i guess the card game was too fascinating !
the omelette was terrible !
i couldn't finish more than half .
the pancakes were pretty good , but nothing special .
but , here goes .
i'm gon na keep this brief .
you just told me there are no potatoes .
no i will not pay extra for toast .
omelet came , it was dry and boring .
rip off of the year .
this owner chad is a jerk .
i really don't blame the wait staff .
that should have been my first clue .
there was no wait here .
isn't that a rule ?
i won't be going back .
it did however , come out quickly .
it was a dirty place .
it was not a pleasant site .
the reviews were pretty mixed .
no big deal , we just switched plates .
my waffle was nothing special .
the potatoes in it were still hard .
every time its a complete mess in there .
overall , no need to return .
thank god i went with a groupon .
this restaurant is terrible .
that was the first bad sign .
only problem ; no strawberries !
the wait was longer then needed to be .
we will not be going back ever .
the cook said " no " .
do not , ever , go to this place .
the coffee had no taste whatsoever .
this place should not be in business .
the pancakes were ok , but nothing great .
i would not recommend this place .
my wife did not like the apple pancake .
my raspberry pancake was ok.
i would not return here for breakfast .
service was very slow and it wasn't that busy .
don't waste your time here .
that was annoying but we continued in .
no apology for the wait or inconvenience .
so i guess they lost out there .
worst breakfast i have ever had !
i could not eat most of my meal .
this place is horrible !
i was so angry !
i'm convinced she just wanted to leave early .
the service is the worst i have ever seen .
the food is nothing to talk about .
main course : i've had better meals camping .
this is a very misleading coupon .
i went for az restaurant week .
they were very willing to make dietary substitutions .
i just personally will not be going back .
we were very disappointed in the service .
overpriced for mediocre food .
nothing blew me away , except my company .
plus desert is to die for .
the restaurant was not even half full .
the horrible experience did not end there .
we arrived and our reservation was missing .
they missed the whole prom basically .
the food it's self was not real exciting .
unfortunately this time it wasn't so great .
the server was just bad , he sucked .
he was loud and rude .
you do not get the service you pay for .
i wouldn't recommend this location to anyone .
stuck up , snotty .
never plan on going back .
sorry , this ain't no prom date .
worst melting pot in the country .
none of these available .
the service was annoying .
the food was mediocre , lacking any flavor whatsoever .
the melting pot was terrible .
save yourself the bill and make fondue at home .
very disappointed in our dinner tonight .
not a fun and interactive experience at all .
that 's just wrong !
written to warn others .
make the mistake we did .
this restaurant is pretentious and overpriced .
food was just ok , not great .
worse service i have ever experienced .
overall , a totally disappointing anniversary dinner !
the pricing for value literally is insulting .
almost upsetting how bad that experience remains .
and it seems they really do not care .
the service was really professional and nice .
but it was a bit ridiculous .
my daughter wouldn't even eat it .
it was comparable to airplane food .
worst food i've ever had .
what started out as something fun became a disaster .
the main course was the worst .
none of this took place , of course .
the bread was stale and rock hard .
i would not recommend going here .
it still looks like i cut my own hair .
no , i'm not coming back at all .
the food is okay but lacks any serious flavor .
i couldn't stand being there .
the machines are disgusting .
unfortunately , great facilities don't always equal great service .
and it's not very sanitary ? "
don't get a pedicure .
the staff is polite , helpful and knowledgable .
decent health club but a bit outdated .
i can not comment on her actual diagnosis .
i have no reason to trust it .
this facility doesn't care about its patients at all .
you can't just buy a side of chicken breast .
there really isn't anything special about this place .
it's grilled chicken , beef or salmon over rice .
very salty and my chicken was burnt .
not it's ok for a change .
franchise owners should be held more responsible .
very poor food not top quality .
but wait , it gets worse !
my suggestion is -- never ever use them .
she didn't even try .
major attitude the entire time .
without a bad attitude .
shame on you for hiring such an awful associate .
f @ ( & this place .
this place is terrible for many reasons .
needless to say , i was not impressed .
wow , what an absolute shame .
sorry guys , not coming back .
manager did not do anything .
not respectful of your time .
thus , the mri was wrong on two accounts .
to say i am pissed off is an understatement .
terrible customer service at this location !
are you kidding me ?
also i have appreciated the sunday pick-up hours .
the shirt had been cleaned before with no problem .
don't take your stuff here .
they did nothing to make it better .
i smelled scam all over the place .
the texture was seriously damaged .
i am standing here as i write this .
they can't figure out how to use it .
there just weren't many options to be had .
and they ran out of napkins at lunch time .
part of the problem is my fault .
the menu was rather bland and disappointing .
it's too thick for me .
after two bites i finally threw the sandwich away .
it tasted like someone poured pickle juice on it .
obviously i will never go back .
unfortunately i was told only sunday .
this chef doesn't even know how to cook vegetables .
not a fan any more !
it was not real flavorful .
it did not have it .
fish tacos tasted old and definitely not fresh .
the chips and dip were awesome .
problem was they forgot alot .
very bad service tonight !
she doesn't belong here !
the chips & salsa are better than most .
the rest of the food was mushy and bland .
then it was downhill .
our waiter was either very awkward or arrogant .
so i walked out .
the restaurant was dead .
my " steak " tacos tasted like beef jerky .
-i will never be back .
tonight was an exception .
sorry , but have to recommend not coming here .
sad to see it go down hill .
not many patrons in the place .
ate there at lunch .
shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada lunch combo .
taco was greasy and not much flavor .
at least it was hot and cheese was melted .
so , i left .
i have had the same terrible experience as natalie .
i've had the worst experience at this wendy 's .
they walked this cow right through the damn kitchen .
this parking lot sucks .
there 's something wrong with this chain .
it's gone downhill fast over the past several years .
the food was bland and was poor quality .
i try to avoid this location .
it's tossed in the trash .
disappointed especially for being in this area .
completely uneven polish by the cuticles .
i would never go there again .
honestly , the meat patties where really thin .
no juicy beef patty .
i didn't know anyone who had ever eaten there .
the overall burger taste was bland , uninspired .
the fries : again , nothing special .
definitely not a fan !
i would not go there again .
i would not recommend nor go there again .
that is not cool .
worst burger experience i've had in recent memory .
not like i remember it .
i hate this greedy restaurant .
this is the worst place to eat food .
there is not a lot of flavor .
i am telling you , you will regret it .
talking to their management does nothing .
seriously , you don't need to go here .
had a bad car repair experience with them .
never going back to this garbage dump .
not a fan at all !
first , im in phoenix , not nv .
broke down again the next day .
and buy another used car .
this place is a nightmare !
didn't know till she got home .
dirt left on wheels and bumper .
bad vacuuming and dry down .
just recently had my car washed here .
worst i have ever seen .
really just a waste of time and money .
anyway , i will not be back .
but do not wait there .
parts of the ceiling missing .
that was my fault .
unfortunately , i had a terrible experience here .
the staff was extremely rude and inconsiderate .
this was scottsdale , wtf ?
we will not be going back here again .
not good if you care about your score .
lastly , this place is not cheap .
not a good value at all .
very slow service when ordering food as usual .
the worker was rude as could be .
this place is not worth the money !
i could hardly believe it .
poor service provided by the scheduling staff .
no other physician approached us to resolve the problem .
and i could not stay .
yet , the staff did nothing .
they allowed my husband to leave .
warning do not go here !
scratch my last review .
i was really disappointed at my last visit .
no way , jose .
hey , al , feel free to comment .
this is no mexican restaurant .
do they apologize for getting wrong ?
whoever makes those recipes out to be fired .
i would still like to try the mushroom enchilada .
the service , however , was not so good .
the salsa is pretty bad .
oh well , ok place for a quick lunch .
my first visit to ajo al 's .
you will only be ignored and lied to .
won't be coming back here again .
horrible service and hot drinks .
wouldn't recommend to anyone .
walk into the bar and sit down .
the taco had a hard thick tasteless shell .
the tamale was the worst .
it was so wet that it just fell apart .
we were so disappointed .
uninspired restaurant chain mexican food .
too many great places to go in scottsdale .
don't waste your time or money here .
wow -- terrible experience .
plus no music etc .
never going back to ajo al again .
long time customer for several years but no more .
i can't even imagine what the kitchen looks like .
this was the worst service i have ever received .
she was rude , unprofessional , and very sarcastic .
he then hung up on me .
will never use this store for shipping again .
they seem very unorganized .
they sometime even blew it off completely !
the interior amenities were very cheap .
the cabinet doors would frequently come off .
i would not recommend this place .
they're a nightmare to rent from .
it was pretty bland , very little flavor .
he explained that he does not accept those .
i guess i just didn't get it .
forget it , they will forget to bring them .
first impression : not so great .
i did not want money just an exchange .
when i checked out , the cashier was rude .
patients are treated poorly and totally disrespected .
was not able to even get an appointment .
i called back , got a busy signal .
they are almost completely incompetent .
i also was in no shape to drive .
he told me to c , which i did .
i will not be back .
my bagel had no chew whatsoever .
worst breakfast burrito for too much money .
no bacon and could not taste the cheese .
the salsa was the horrible nyc type .
not really my cup of tea .
i am surprised by all of these great reviews .
never mind the customers i guess .
the bagel was small , no additions were served .
we have had a bad experience with this place .
sadly , this is not that place .
the bagels tasted like wonder bread .
you can get better nova at costco .
way too high given the mediocre food .
very disappointed since i am new to phoenix .
i really didn't recognize anyone .
i'm not impressed and probably won't go back .
not impressed by this place .
first of all , they were slow .
the staff was simply rude to us .
this is too far from it .
coffee was terrible , again stale .
lame for the price we paid .
then when it came out it was wrong .
then they proceed to change my order .
i didn't bother to tell them to change it .
i would have given them a negative star .
not a good sign .
unfortunately , not the case .
we will not be going back .
even with a coupon this place is expensive .
i took a bite and was thoroughly disappointed .
i paid my bill and left disappointed .
don't waste your time & money !
if there was zero stars i'd have selected it .
nothing like focaccia bread .
sweet potato chips were bland .
wings are ok but overall i hate zipps .
i also i feel the beer should be cheaper .
the chips were a little burned .
the food was disappointing to say the least .
service was incredibly slow .
that 's not ok !
unfortunately , zipps has lost my business .
this place will never get my business again .
save your money , go elsewhere .
truly rude and definitely incompetent .
this location though is seriously lacking .
i'm not making this up .
all of our food was cold when received it .
this place is terrible .
the first sip was like drinking a sugar mix .
the chicken fingers were okay , nothing special .
it looked like a turkey wrap .
it was not focaccia bread .
it was so dry we couldn't eat it .
worst food and service ever .
my boyfriend is nicer than i am .
the place was pretty empty .
so disappointed with this place .
not a big issue .
my wife , however , ordered a chicken club .
not dark brown , black .
she sent it back .
terrible service - waited an hour for our food .
the service was awful .
went the other night , won't be back .
apparently a lot more difficult than i thought .
if i could give zero stars i would .
i do not recommend anyone to go here .
i also wish i could give zero stars .
you can not sleep .
i have seen worse .
pest control came but found no other bugs .
however , there was nothing spectacular about this hotel .
i was similarly disappointed with the workout room .
it was small , stuffy , and poorly equipped .
is it possible to leave negative stars ?
ok , next appt .
i get back to see dr .
it's 4:30 apt was at 2:00 .
i wouldn't use this guy for anything .
for money not a very good deal .
course was ok but nothing special .
the driving range is a mess .
horrific customer service skills there .
company in at night .
they don't even want to talk to you .
horrific customer service skills there .
they don't even want to talk to you .
this was the place for me !
also , the installation was horrible !
office staff not helpful at all .
it is very frustrating and annoying .
they just don't do a good job anymore .
a majority of these problems are maintenance related .
it just went downhill from there .
they did not even come close to being concerned .
i could not recommend this hotel for this reason .
i was not impressed with this clinic .
the staff was not very friendly .
we recently started taking our cats to this vet .
however , his office over billed me .
i guess that 's the only decently priced item .
on top of that , rude service .
i could have replaced multiple pieces for far less .
my wife had the same experience .
if you want a dessert latte go to mcdonalds .
terrible service , mediocre food !
i didn't even finish it .
this was so bad !
service was exceptionally slow .
lobster portion was skimpy .
i would have refused to pay for entrees .
food ok but bad operation .
staff was awful and worthless .
three diners sent their plates back .
the waiter apologized , the manager apologized .
the macadamia crusted mahi was simply so-so .
portions small and seafood not its freshest .
the food was overpriced .
house takes tips from waiters then charges you again .
be sure to check your receipts .
will never return to this place .
i could have a better salad at super salad .
last night we had the worst dining experience ever !
don't know if we will ever come back .
holy mother of god , this place ain't cheap .
well , i'm signing off on this joint .
the appetizers came out but not b & b .
nothing to write home about .
i would say avoid this place like the plague .
we were seated and were given menus .
when they finally arrived they were luke warm .
needless to say , there were returned again .
the mashed potatoes were cold .
but , my husband 's experience was terrible .
it arrived undercooked and cold .
meanwhile his mother and i finished our meals .
the fresh fish selection is horrible .
don't waste your money on this joint .
the hostess was rude and incompetent .
the caesar was drenched in dressing and not tossed .
the others were mediocre .
the chicken was immediately sent back to the kitchen .
the desserts came out , they were ok .
then she told me to sit at the bar .
my table was ready but she wasn't .
really disappointed in the food and the service .
for the prices they charge , you'd expect top-notch .
presentation was bad too .
they are basically average dishes that are significantly over-priced .
and then one drink order was wrong .
had the baked shrimp , pretty dry .
i doubt they were even fresh .
i thought she was getting sick .
the service was fine but nothing special .
this was not the case .
terrible terrible service , he's in the wrong profession .
i was very disappointed with the food .
i will be spending my money elsewhere .
we were very disappointed !
probably the reason the restaurant was fairly empty .
nothing to write home about .
the ambiance is very stale .
the food tasted like cafeteria food very average .
years and omg too much plastic surgery over there !
you have a mediocre product .
she was totally rude and sarcastic .
thumbs down on service and attitude .
i would never buy anything from them again !
i would not recommend this place !
will not be back here again .
the front desk was rude .
i didn't even get my drink replaced .
so why ask me if it's ok ?
that is bad for this type of resort .
no excuse for such poor service .
i'm not sure what happened there .
i blame the major lack on the management .
he has no business in the service industry .
sorry i just had to .
rude people run the front desk and security .
beds not as comfortable as they should be .
hyatt trying to save money ?
but this imho is a management issue .
lack of standards and possible budget restrictions .
this is not an experience location .
the staff are friendly but not so helpful .
the rooms are dusty and don't feel clean .
the food is pricey and not really worth it .
we left the hotel to go to another pool .
cleanliness throughout the resort must not be a priority .
the resort seems extremely understaffed .
spent two nights here and checked out early .
- the room service and food options are limited .
no pizza , yet they have an italian restaurant .
this was the only gem of the place .
i don't think its a good system .
you know , that old gym nasty smell .
which explains why the cleaning smell was so strong .
they charge for parking .
this is not downtown nyc or la .
there was nothing special or magnificent about it .
nothing - no follow up - nothing .
it was terrible - not relaxing at all .
but no customer service .
called to confirm down free room .
a room with down pillows and down comforter !
in az no less .
completely ruined our staycation !
too bad it's all ruined !
they would not transfer me to anyone higher .
completely ruined our staycation !
too bad it's all ruined !
i would think twice about booking this again .
there was also no microwave in this room .
rather a low class , trashy crowd .
they don't care about you as a patient .
do not trust his on line advertising .
complete waste of your money and time !
the food is ok , not great .
i am especially disappointed in their delivery times .
and they don't even apologize .
anyways , should have tried someplace else .
every meal i've had here gets worse and worse .
unfortunately , my wife was right .
absolutely the worst customer service !
my experience was terrible .
not bad , but not good either .
i will not be back .
now let 's move on to the food terrible !
pork fried rice bland .
don't waste your money on this place !
this place is hit or miss !
however , the food was not good .
the worst was the chicken fried rice .
the odor was unbearable and the chicken looked inedible .
there is very little meat in anything .
chicken was over fried .
delivery person was not friendly .
not sure where they put the egg .
no need to go back regardless of how close .
we will not try this restaurant again .
they have horrible customer service .
probably the worst customer service ever .
just a lost opportunity to please the customer !
so , you ask , were there any positives ?
otherwise , avoid it .
the resort isn't really great either .
parking was a disaster .
i've stayed here several times over several years .
but that doesn't make it ok .
otherwise , it is annoying .
the resort is dated and in need of updating .
the beds were not comfortable .
this facility is over rated and not reliable .
cell phone reception was totally gone .
not likely to return here anytime soon by choice .
this restaurant gives the resort a bad rep .
however , we were both disappointed in this one .
the bathroom was outdated .
didn't seem like management cared .
probably will not return to this place .
not very impressed for a resort .
plus the spa is very small .
front desk employee didn't care much about my complaints .
my experience at the hotel was not good .
i won't be coming back .
pita chips are crunchy .
this was just plain hard pita bread .
food arrived quickly and it was hot .
it's just this old hallway and time room .
sitting out by the pool today and it sucked .
not pleased at all .
the staff is unhelpful and rude .
this was not a good thing .
the staff was relatively nice but inept .
mediocre food , mediocre service , high prices .
the rooms are dark and dingy with low ceilings .
i booked this hotel on hotwire .
star rating is wrong .
rooms are very outdated .
i was disappointed to say the least .
this is disgusting and unsanitary .
the staff is completely incompetent .
the hotel claimed nothing could be done .
don't let the pictures on their website fool you .
our room wasn't ready until 6:30pm .
rooms are quite dated .
disappointed and won't stay again .
there was no cover on one of the outlets .
no one was at the desk .
possibly the worst apartment complex in town .
don't care about the customer at all .
will not be back .
taking my business down the street .
don't bother coming here very unfriendly staff .
not sure if anyone is running this business .
i have never experienced this reaction to anything before .
disgusting and i threw the whole thing away .
probably all beef but who knows .
maybe left over from the day before or frozen ?
bad customer service to i guess .
so i turn to yelp to let others know .
not gon na come back again .
my wife felt so uncomfortable we had to leave .
totally ruined my day !
they've lost a customer .
the food is just pitiful .
even the fortune cookie was sub par .
the food is barely mediocre .
so i joined desert schools instead .
- their email does not work .
i am so beyond pissed at desert schools .
i refuse to deal with them anymore .
my mobile checking deposit was turned off without warning .
cash for coin though ?
i'm glad i didn't need them for a gift .
i'd really like to give them a better rating .
sorry though , just can't do it .
his staff did register me .
only then did they pay attention .
i bought elsewhere , for cheaper no less .
customer service is garbage .
thats were the good stops though .
so maybe that is another plus .
i've taken friends and family there to shoot .
very disappointed and feel like they stole from me .
neither emails nor telephone calls were answered .
that 's too bad .
they ignore customers and act very condescending .
mike , ( tall skinny guy ) .
the legal instructor was rude , and unprofessional .
this is a typical scottsdale establishment .
overall a very disappointing experience .
consider me a former customer .
it's not worth the drama !
bakery staff not friendly or helpful at all .
they act like they don't need your business .
wish the bakery could get their act together .
isn't that what a deli is all about ?
this store continues to go downhill .
horrible service at this store .
buying organic milk is also a hit or miss .
is it really that difficult to manage inventory ?
don't employee get trained ?
had the worst experience with safeway this week .
the night staff could use some customer service training .
i found someone to shut the alarm off .
she would not return my calls .
so i dropped some of my towels off .
uh , stealing dirty towels ?
this place used to be very customer oriented .
they turned out terrible .
little respect for your time .
i needed customer stickers for an award board asap .
worst fedex i've ever dealt with .
i will not set foot back in this one .
rude and very unprofessional .
this time it was a big miss .
yeah , there were some issues but nothing awful .
the owner refused to take responsibility .
do not see him for an independent medical exam .
but ok , not a big deal .
this place was a mess .
dirty tables , dirty dishes , dirty restrooms .
sad because this place was a favorite .
such a rip off !
i seriously don't get it .
it's not very good pizza .
this place is comparable to buca di beppo .
the thin crust , however , was a disaster .
it was like eating cardboard .
tough , chewy and flavorless .
if you're craving a good pizza try grimaldi 's .
i just got tired of it .
oregano 's , you screwed me .
i didn't want them , but where were they ?
do you understand how insulting that comment was ?
that is bad , dude !
that just makes the whole experience even worse .
once we ordered bartender really never noticed us again .
i don't get it .
no way am i a fan of the food .
each time i go there are flies everywhere .
i don't get it .
it will be replaced as our go-to weekend restaurant .
didn't take a sip , by the way .
so i just ordered a bottled beer .
they need to acknowledge their problems and solve them .
this review is only for their stuffed pizza .
this pizza is not good .
i hear that the thin crust is better .
i'll take my business and tips elsewhere , thanks .
but then even our waiter was terribly slow .
we were very disappointed .
zero stars not allowed .
i would not eat there again .
no misters , fans , or breeze .
this place is very terrible and expensive .
the food is so bad .
she is very bad customer service .
disappointed and not tasty at all .
again way too much money for the low quality .
even the server said " its so annoying ! "
an appetizer which had to go thru the oven .
we couldn't get it .
told me other establishments don't install this part .
taking my business elsewhere .
not too happy with the sales side there .
it was very awkward and unprofessional .
why waste both our times ?
and why be so rude ?
the pharmacy at this walmart is terrible .
this is a humongous walmart .
boy , was i wrong .
needless to say , i was very disappointed .
finding anything in this maze was ridiculous !
the selection of hygiene products is horrible .
made a stop at safeway and requested a transfer .
the lady from safeway came out , noticeably bothered .
miss amy placed me on hold .
they don't know what the hell they are doing .
something is very fishy about this walmart .
i'm very disappointed in this walmart today .
not everyone gets customer service .
that 's bad service .
if i could give them zero stars i would .
i will never set foot in this cleaners again .
never again will they receive a dime from me .
filing in small claims court this week .
i'll call you back later . "
this place was horrible .
bullshit , that is some racist ass stuff .
waste of time and money .
dining room and restrooms were both clean .
even the plate they were on was cold .
this crust was like cardboard .
it tasted like nothing and didn't move .
also , the service is bad .
horrible pizza / horrible service .
don't waste your money .
i don't get it .
i spent way to much money for bad pizza .
not a fan , not even a little bit .
there is nothing ny about this pizza any more .
the dough was not fresh and tasted old .
was very very grumpy .
pay and walk away .
hey you never know until you try it right ?
leaves a lot to be desired .
limited choice of toppings .
however , the pepperoni is on the spicy side .
guy looked at me like i was a ghost .
and the man was so rude .
boy , i wouldn't suggest this place .
second , the beer wasn't ice cold .
place looked like it had potential .
not really a lunch special .
this pizza is not really good .
the pizza is soggy especially the veggie .
sorry ray 's , you missed out .
the owner should be embarrassed .
i won't be back .
this place is so overpriced it's ridiculous .
i would not recommend this place .
didn't know party city also sold costumes .
customer service was also very bad .
of lousy customer service offered here ? )
extremely bad customer service !
all the employees are rude including the manager .
their store is super trashy !
this place has horrible customer service .
another week passed with no information .
if you go cheap you get cheap service .
i won't be going back .
the girls there are incredibly rude and incompetent .
i'm not sure if the dmv is worse .
if i could give negative stars i would .
money and time wasted .
do not waste your time .
the people that work here are lame .
over priced and rude .
theres much better in scottsdale for the price .
lauren is a complete disinterested fool .
the front office staff is completely inept .
their valet trash is absolutely ridiculous !
too many rules for trash it's absurd .
not to mention , there is never open parking !
what a rip off .
they don't care at all about their tenants .
don't waste your time or money .
worse apartments for the same amount of money .
the customer is always wrong here .
the staff is terrible .
parking : rarely will you find a parking spot .
maintenance : our water is constantly being shut off .
this has been a nightmare every day living here .
and the security here is a complete joke .
they're the worst part .
have i quite finished ?
they never fixed that problem .
the wings tasted like they were dipped in vinegar .
i kept my expectations low .
its just not good pizza , its just pizza .
the meatballs were lukewarm inside .
don't waste your money .
sorry excuse for a cheese steak .
don't waste your money order pizza hut .
the salad was missing majority of ingredients .
what an awful place .
the place was nearly empty when we arrived .
when we left the restaurant was empty .
feeling ignored doesn't sit well .
the salad was ok and cheesecake ok .
very sad excuse for a streets of ny .
no wonder this place was empty .
the meat was grey and looked horrible !
it looked like boiled meat .
needless to say we will not be back !
also , hotdog garlic bread ?
shoddy and slow service and horribly over priced food .
so , i just would not order again .
waiter is wasted as hell .
the last few years have been not .
the food has become often marginal .
poor location of pumps .
and i hate shell gas stations .
she then had the original technician redo my polish .
i couldn't believe this .
this place was awful !
cheap polish and products !
up until friday , this salon was my favorite .
unfortunately , i will not be back .
front desk booked me with wrong nail tech .
a truly uncomfortable experience on every level .
but , i'll never be back .
no value for money .
my issue was your pricing .
do not trust the owner of this business .
he does not care about his customers .
the public that this is a shady business .
i am beyond frustrated with rave !
in fact , i'm livid .
can give a negative on this company i would .
very poor customer service at this location .
i would not recommend this dentist office to anyone !
i would not recommend him at all .
he just did not care .
im very sad over this .
it's peter the greeter .
more like peter the dirty old man .
i am by no means a difficult patient .
rude if you ask me .
i was very uncomfortable around her .
she never returned my call .
this place is horrible .
why am i getting these bills ?
how do you mess that up ?
ok , end rant .
this office staff is awful .
so rude and don't know what they are doing .
the nurse practitioner i saw ( dr .
so this can drag on ?
well woman visits book 3-4 months out .
ever since she left i have not been impressed .
i didn't have such a great experience .
sounds like big o tires needs my business next time.
i wasn't contacted to be informed of this .
never again will i go there .
not spectacular but not awful either .
parking is horrific and appliances are old .
you'll regret living here .
management doesn't get back to you .
i'm so unhappy here , tired all the time .
what a mistake i made !
can't wait to move out in a few months !
i've never lived in a worse apartment .
fast forward to that wednesday and nothing .
don't trust this place !
absolutely worst apartment staff ever !
i wouldn't move here again .
can i give this place no stars ?
not i nor my guests .
they are just hurting for money .
my waiter was obviously overworked .
i don't know about this place .
that could be good or bad .
it was so crowded .
won't go there again .
not somewhere i would choose to go to again .
however , that was the least of my worries .
but did they mess it up !
but the food is the big problem here .
slow , indifferent service .
don't go on a sunday after church .
no chance , huh ?
who puts deep fried cheese balls on a salad ?
the hostess were rude .
the vegetables were a joke .
it's just generally not as good as i remember .
don't waste your time .
the food quality has gone down considerably too .
they don't get it .
not a good idea .
this is not a french restaurant !
where is the santa fe omelette ?
even as late as 7pm !
she never smiled and seemed not to care .
just not a great experience .
but this is not the end of this story .
apparently service is not a priority .
no greeting at all .
the waiter never introduced himself .
he seemed annoyed half the time .
he didn't smile and was not friendly .
it's sad to say that i wasn't very impressed .
( yes , just like in paris .
however , last night was a disappointment .
boring food lame atmosphere .
wouldn't recommend mimi 's cafe on thanksgiving .
well , that is not what you get .
small potatoes are awful .
too many good restaurants in scottsdale .
sorry to say this is not one of them .
i tried , i really tried .
if i could give this zero stars i would .
i do not recommend purchasing these tickets online .
i will not be going here again !
sold me the wrong bulbs .
had to return with poor service .
this wasn't explained at checkout .
i finally just grabbed a color card and left .
waiting room is a cattle call .
they scheduled is appointment at 7:30 am .
no one was there .
the glendale office is never open on thursday .
this office does not care about their patients .
it's been two weeks and nothing .
this has been a major disappointment .
very bad compared to the one on via linda .
my insurance doesn't cover it .
cobblestone never returned any of my phone calls .
back off and wash my damn car !
i wish i could give negative stars !
nothing more , nothing less .
and the labor to wipe it down .
gon na do it myself next time .
no thanks , i don't have leather seats .
um , no they don't .
i again say , no thanks .
no , i wouldn't and walk towards the lobby .
their sales tactics are disgusting .
i am paying money to have a car detailed !
will not go back !
if i could give them zero i would .
i will keep this plain and simple .
this place is the worst !
never go here to get your oil changed .
plus another crap carwash all for free .
the car wash was terrible .
which is too bad because it's close by .
it just wasn't good .
needless to say i was completely unhappy .
worst customer service experience ever !
careless employees inside and out .
all in all , never again .
i don't find the staff friendly or respectful .
just generally a bad experience .
their attention to detail was poor .
it wouldn't take anything to have vacuumed them .
just a minimal effort could have solved these issues .
there are much better auto spas in scottsdale .
takes forever and is an absolute zoo .
they are acting like this on purpose .
biggest jerks in az .
it would be impossible for it to be worse .
the lack of attention to detail is apparent .
i just wont be going back .
annoyed that i paid for a useless car wash .
i am extremely disappointed !
i will not go back .
the car wash is ill managed or not managed .
the car wash is ill managed or not managed .
i frequently get my vehicles washed and/or detailed .
i hate driving a dirty vehicle .
this one was just bad .
in addition , you can't refund my money ?
i said no it wasn't that nobody touched it .
i hate getting ripped off .
they did a horrible job .
worst car wash ever !
boy was i wrong .
my first time here and it was terrible .
this place is horrible !
i'm not sure the interior leather was even cleaned .
they did a poor job cleaning it up .
sadly it was not .
all i want is my car washed !
poor customer service and horrible car wash results .
and even then , they still missed several spots .
totally frustrated with this operation .
went for window repair and they made it worse .
the upsell is too much .
don't continue to try and sell me something else .
they've badly scratched my vehicle the past two visits .
the worst car wash and service possible .
i will not return here .
what a frustrating experience !
not to mention horrid service .
get outside , no sign of my car .
very poor planning and execution .
i would not go back under any circumstances .
do not go to the restaurant right now .
i had a very stressful experience .
the property wasn't so bad .
he is nasty and rude .
very poor customer service .
left the hotel , checked into another one .
take your money and run elsewhere !
it remained neglected all weekend .
our server was inattentive and rude .
the food was over priced and not that great .
i have never experienced worse treatment as a tenant .
and thats where the greatness ends .
the staff is horrible !
otherwise , you will get screwed .
windows are all single pane cheap crap .
worst management company i have ever dealt with .
they have an excuse for everything and deliver nothing .
doors that are crooked and can barely open .
she said she would call me back .
and don't let me forget about the bugs here .
there was precious little interaction or communication with me .
we will not be going back .
the front desk is incredibly rude .
i'm not going back , however .
what a waste of time and money !
after my treatment i was in pain .
she reluctantly said she would send me a packet .
the entire staff was rude and condescending .
i don't see what all the hype is about .
i will not be staying here again .
hotel looks a bit dated .
water pressure was good for the 3rd floor .
the carpets in the hotel are filthy , old .
there was limited hot water in my room .
i wouldn't stay again .
she came across as cold and mean .
next i attended classes by julie and ken .
i would highly recommended them as instructors .
but none of the classes were crowded .
the point system is ridiculous .
this is marketing gone wrong .
i called back again , no answer .
sad stuff but reality .
i went to the deli to get a sandwhich .
if you dont know how bad it is .
i hate finding bones in my fish filets !
i can't express how disappointed i was !
is that really too much to ask .
are you kidding me ?
why don't i just go buy a steak ?
not with my other groceries .
now the bread is consistently stale .
this was because the layers , esp .
when it finally dried , it was a disaster .
can't say you weren't warned !
the staff are just too rude .
my experience was even worse than before !
the selection was terrible for clothing .
don't waste your time i wasted mine !
i was in shock and took it .
i walk in to this location i'm not greeted .
it's small , cluttered and unorganized .
first , the staff is very helpful and courteous .
i probably wouldn't stay here again .
it has no resort feel to it whatsoever .
it's the worst timeshare i've ever stayed in .
i'll think twice before booking links again .
there is no restaurant , no bar .
i won't stay again .
it does not have a restaurant .
not as much as we would have liked .
towels were a bit rough .
this isn't a resort .
the links is a big fail .
they stay here was horrible to say the least .
the furniture is shabby dirty and old .
everything is outdated , old and dirty .
not staying there ever again .
and they have bad attitudes .
i was very disappointed in this office .
learning experience for me , i guess .
fifty dollars more than i paid the 1st time .
oh no , that 's " extra ! "
no way , not again .
had the worst experience recently .
i just went last week to get highlights .
i was very disappointed .
too bad since my house is minutes away .
no wonder they wanted payment asap .
i bought a refrigerator from their phoenix outlet center .
phone number is not working or its disconnected .
i truly regret of being here today .
i just hate these sandwiches now .
i pipe up no lettuce .
also the food will make you sick .
horrible disrespectful customer service i've ever encountered .
never order from this nasty place !
i would not go here again .
what i like about los olivos is their nachos .
i am not even kidding .
then why is the service so awful ?
the tortilla chips were stale .
i ordered a margarita with no salt .
each time i get the same experience .
they were just as lame as usual .
the food wasn't bad but service was terrible .
i was starving so i ordered the steak fajitas .
these were the worst fajitas i have ever had .
my wife 's dish was even worse .
how could they possibly mess that up right ?
needless to say i won't be coming back .
just very drab and plain like the wait staff !
it was my favorite .
horrible food and horrible service .
bad decision on my part .
terrible margaritas , food was bland , loud restaurant .
i was embarrassed to bring my family here .
first of all , the booth was so uncomfortable .
the bench was way too low for the table .
i should have stopped eating at that point .
chips & salsa were fine .
steak fajitas were a big disappointment .
ugh this place is nasty !
there 's nothing spectacular whatsoever .
service subpar and food is bland .
i don't want to be treated that way again .
probably wont be going back .
the " better " stuff did not work .
i refused to pay .
no apologize ; no pretend to listen .
or they'll take action against me .
this is not isolated to a single person .
this is where the problems began and never ended .
funny thing is they got worse after they sprayed .
a week later no change in pest problem .
funny thing is they got worse after they sprayed .
will not shop there again .
too many other adequate options .
i said ok , no problem .
thinking it will be like 15-20 min .
not going back to this staples .
beware of misleading prices .
i hate this copy center .
i immediately sent an e-mail to cancel it .
i will never buy tires there again !
are you kidding me ?
i will never use discount tire again .
less than impressed with the service i just received .
but there wasn't anyone even there .
hoping i got a fluke bad experience .
thursday : still have n't looked , tomorrow morning .
it was not broken at all .
it was his tank and nothing more .
lots of them died .
why am i writing this you might ask .
i said i was very disappointed .
they did not even validate my feelings or apologize .
which btw have really bad ingredients .
seems a little small and cramped .
location is ok , prices cheap .
avoid at all costs , i wish i did .
so much for the free , no contract bs .
edit : they're closed ?
this is not a dump .
do i feel ripped off ?
not impressed at all and left appt .
this was extremely unprofessional of the office staff .
which isn't even the policy .
she ignored me and smiled .
then i chose debit and entered my pin .
that 's when i got really pissed .
i called corporate and raised hell .
this was really strange and extremely extremely insulting .
kohl 's is so underwhelming and disappointing .
later , my pants split .
my shirt had a hole in it .
a button popped off .
the years have not been kind to this building .
instead of crown he filled my tooth .
you've missed crack on my tooth .
do not trust your dentist .
fridge isn't full yet .
asked for ranch with my chicken fingers .
apparently once isn't enough .
i gave you another shot and never again .
i'm once again without food .
do not go to this location .
here 's the story .
tried a green smoothie , the apple and greens .
worst customer service of all time .
might be bad management it's hard to say .
the next day i was going to stay again .
it was a nightmare .
rude front desk clerk , jack .
wouldn't stay here again even for free .
it was disgusting and gave me a headache .
this review is long overdue .
anyways my point is i'm a guest too !
my advice is to find another place to stay .
i'm never coming here again .
absolutely miss scottsdale , but definitely not this business .
note : sure deposit is a joke .
i don't recommend this apartment .
i am quite simply appalled .
oh , bicycle ranch -- where should i begin ?
i decide to leave the bike there .
end result : fail .
he doesn't listen to your requests .
i will never spend another dime in this place !
sorry , but we won't be back .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the vets do not know what they are doing .
i didn't care anymore .
chicken and bread was cold when i got it .
nasty , nasty , nasty !
they do absolutely no follow-up and could care less .
took it elsewhere and it was immediately repaired .
shame when a business changes and quality goes down .
don't let this happen to you .
the others i've had have been very rough .
i am forced to try some other nail salons .
that is the only nice thing i can say .
i simply have never experienced horrid service like this .
she wasn't surprised and suggested i try another gal .
felt like my mani/pedi was not done very well .
overall it was not the best mani/pedi i've had .
so why spend more for rude attention ?
i recently got into the gel manicure trend .
the polish on them is horrible !
the sides and bottom were not polished .
one of the worse jobs i've ever had .
she doesn't care at all about her customers .
do not waste your money on this place !
i made a huge mistake by going here !
this comment completely blew me away .
she had the worst nail experience of her life .
the place looks nice but has poor business practices .
service here is hit or miss .
front desk extremely rude and unprofessional .
no other business would keep its employees .
their staff was not friendly at all .
home of the ten dollar burrito ?
first , the salsas are lacking .
i'm really disappointed in this location .
this restaurant has been going downhill .
the chicken was chewy and disgusting .
i don't think i'll bother going again .
this is not good service.
it is slow & inefficient .
the manager is more clueless than the staff .
i will not be back , mark my words .
bathrooms and restaurant floors a complete disaster .
sure hope chipotle reads these reviews .
slowest chipotle i have ever been to .
watching people leave after standing in line so long .
worst chipotle i've ever been to .
employees were super rude from start to finish .
avoided the entire middle of my burrito .
i will not be returning to this location .
this chipotle is very very slow .
not impressed at all with this location .
just came from this location .
nice concept but lacking so much .
two people on that line is not enough .
um , hell no .
that 's just gross .
i will not return to this location ever again .
worst chipotle i've ever been to !
i am never going back .
" oh , i'm sorry .
for starters , the burgers .
the value for quality isn't there .
but the service was atrocious .
so , where was the horrible service ?
it was poor service on their part .
sadly this is not what i received .
sorry red robin , we won't be back .
but , those days are done .
the service is inconsistent .
i really do not like this .
we won't be going back .
nothing worked for me .
however , i feel strongly about this .
this is by far one of the worst starbucks .
i stopped coming to this starbucks .
i absolutely will not go back to this starbucks .
this used to be one of my favorite starbucks .
sad to say , not anymore .
but , i didn't , i said ok .
she did , and it processed correctly .
still just as horrible .
wouldn't kill you to smile and be friendly !
she is curt and just unfriendly in general .
not surprising , he did it anyway .
that was the problem .
not a jiffy lube place .
what a bunch of incompetent idiots .
very slow service every single time i come in .
very incompetent every time i show up here .
the workers here are very friendly but extremely slow .
i hate leaving bad reviews .
the box for cleaning the windows was checked .
jiffy lube just lost me as a customer .
case in point , air pressure on the tires .
if the location weren't convenient i wouldn't stop here .
unfortunately , even the two cashiers got behind !
i said ok no problem .
poor service all the way around .
baristas are not genuinely kind here.
there 's no privacy there in that regards !
nobody wants to wait in long lines .
long wait times and poor customer service !
the first available appointment was december 3rd .
there was a terrible wait .
the factory store has crazy insane prices on bread .
however , the day old bread is extremely unappealing .
no one in my house would even eat it .
i never went inside the store after driving there .
everyone except one person had the same problem .
not sure of the owners name .
worst doctor and staff !
i didn't end up getting the shot .
poor customer service and lack of communication .
do not recommend and will never go back .
the staff is terrible .
worst staff i ever came across .
sushi was just ok , nothing to rave about .
not very noticeable from the parking lot .
this place is ok i guess .
the restaurant has no ambience .
overall the rolls had little flavor and were bland .
it was nearly empty on a saturday night .
and the layout of the place is terrible .
just wasn't really impressed with anything .
disappointing for a sushi restaurant .
and it was cooked salmon .
2nd visit here and 2nd time receiving horrible service .
the sushi is ok and the service is awful .
i wouldn't recommend it nor will i be returning .
i'm pretty sure i'm never going here again .
the service at sushi ko was terrible .
our waitress was rude .
the sushi itself was acceptable , if forgettable .
second visit could be better described as an attempt .
strike three , you're out , sushi ko .
so a client of mine picked this for dinner .
i was really disappointed in the food .
steady fish , hit or miss .
traditional favorites , but where is the passion ?
i echo the service problems of other reviewers !
no need to bother coming here .
would not come again or recommend .
we just returned last eve .
their listed hours mean nothing !
average sushi , with weak service .
i will not return again .
profit over client care ?
it sure upset me , once i realized it .
lots of wasted time .
i walked out and never went back .
never had this before .
one of several horrible times .
this place is terrible stay away .
nursing quality very poor .
weekend night nurse was the worst .
she couldn't eat the rice and sour cream .
hey chipotle , where is the meat ?
costly mistake , don't you make it !
do not use this place !
i never sweat the small stuff .
the guy is rude !
to me this is poor business .
don't waste your time or money with this guy !
i'm probably going to have to get more taken .
do not go to this place !
would not recommend at all !
the owner is the turn off at the business .
teachers don't pay that close attention .
no teacher near her .
but , then i had a bad experience .
i felt so sick that i threw up .
how rude is that ?
i will not be returning .
i was in twice this week .
you're a crappy burger joint near a walmart .
this location and the manager are a total joke .
sara , your customer service skills suck .
none at all after waiting at the counter forever .
maybe i don't look like a motorcycle mama .
stopped at scottsdale harley to get my oil changed .
the service department sucks .
but had no price tag on it .
so jeff hook me up on a test ride .
that is not why i am upset .
this was " before " the build .
i guess i'm more into the hometown feel .
i would strongly avoid this place !
are you kidding me ?
they would not refund our money .
i'm sure a jeweler misses it once in awhile .
they are just bad .
this stuff is just too high priced .
our chicken parmesan arrived obviously microwaved .
the pizza isn't even close .
very bland , not much flavor .
the usually good food was disappointing .
and the linguini with clam sauce was tasteless .
stick with sandwiches and pizza .
uninspired and blend pizza !
it's just not what it once was .
the crust was black b/c it was so burnt .
truly disappointed and will never be back .
never again will we be going to the restaurant !
the bread should have been toasted more as well .
are you kidding me ?
i'm positive you'll be disappointing .
i just don't get it .
this place feels like a tgi fridays .
there are better options .
the food wasn't too bad .
my husband had the fish tacos which were good .
we went there tonight after costco .
a groupon would normally state that .
there is nothing really stand out about this place .
do not order food from here if it matters .
third time for disappointment ; we'll go elsewhere now .
terrible drinks and mediocre food .
was not impressed at all !
lou didnt know so i called tom .
didn't even seem to want to fix it .
said would have tech call back .
said he would have tech call come back out .
2:30 i get a call from another person .
carpet in spare bedroom ruined .
i lost my job over a year ago .
it was my girlfriends birthday last week .
i would not recommend them .
this tastes nothing like mexican food .
food isn't the best .
you can get better elsewhere .
- no place to be found !
this fell short in many ways .
and the chips were no big deal .
the pastry dough was chewy , and lacked salt .
i could get better quality at food city .
dont wan na go back .
chicken obviously isn't supposed to be pink .
not sure why i kept going back .
not the end of the world .
this place was pretty bad .
low budget food at high budget prices .
the waitress didn't know a thing about the food .
soda 's were flat .
the food was a total disappointment .
the nachos were huge but not good at all .
too expensive for the quality .
i would never return to this place .
also no waters were given to us until requested .
this restaurant is expensive with poor food and service .
not very clean and not very cool .
we ate here for lunch .
needless to say , we wont be going back .
not sure what happened and it's a shame !
never ever will go there again .
i was so annoyed .
when the food arrived it was nasty .
terrible service from beginning to end .
bad hosts , bad server .
it was 1pm when we walked in .
camelback store does not have this problem .
guess there 's no hope .
my friends drink was just as bad .
i lost a bet .
i ate about two bites before sending it back .
bad choice for a saturday lunch .
no big deal i guess .
one burrito and a grilled chicken salad .
i also blame their management for poor training .
if the restaurant is bad , imagine the kitchen !
went here thinking we could get cheap yummy mexican .
the parking was a little weird .
needless to say we won't be returning .
after several minutes of waiting , we left .
won't be coming back here again .
now , i am not a super strict vegetarian .
but what really turned me off was the bill .
our server didn't seem so charming and accommodating anymore .
i really wish hygiene were more of a priority .
house margs are good cheap and big .
horrible service , greasy food , orders always incorrect .
bad experience to say the least .
and to make matters worse the food is disgusting !
horrible , overpriced , reheated frozen crap .
they should be embarrassed .
page menu , plastic rice , terrible meals .
i then ordered to fish tacos which were horrible .
unfortunately , the enchilada was horrible .
it was tasteless , old and completely falling apart .
this place just sucks .
it's not like these fajitas were cheap either .
what happened to this place .
won't be visiting this location again !
service was spotty and the food was so-so .
dirty and bad service .
don't use the bathroom .
my wife got the chicken chili relleno .
don't waste your time here .
the food here is so salty and gross .
my friend 's burrito looked nothing like the photo .
small portions , food was ok .
went tonight for first time .
should not even give it one star .
our server was rude , disrespectful and completely incompetent .
i can not believe how bad the service was .
never ever going back .
green corn tamale was tasteless .
now i know why the others don't install on-site .
save yourself the aggravation and take your business elsewhere .
to write a certain number of characters .
there yelp , is that enough info for ya !
please save yourself the headache and look else where .
management is almost nonexistent .
i doubt i'll spend my golfing dollars there again .
after yesterday though , i hate the place .
just a poor experience and will not be returning .
as you can imagine it was quite the mess .
the starter said too bad .
i'm never going back .
too many other options in the valley to play .
skip it and find another course .
we're confused since it doesn't look like old town .
overall it was a very expensive and disappointing experience .
overall it was a very expensive and disappointing experience .
poor customer service even though they say satisfaction guaranteed .
just poor form on the drivers part .
worst customer service ever .
unless you want your night ruined .
i am so disgusted .
they are just the worst !
i just had the worst experience with this service .
there are too many other car services available .
my second ride was awful .
not honest and no integrity .
so ok , i guess .
i should have insisted upon a receipt .
insist upon a receipt no matter what they say .
it's like a bad it department .
the options described on the website are extremely deceiving .
overall , a terrible experience .
totally not worth it .
was i free to sit anywhere i want ?
of course , no !
the service was about as bad as it gets .
the food wasn't very good either .
this place gets negative two stars .
i recently went there for lunch .
i will not be going back to this chilis .
they used to have better food !
no pico de gallo .
we also ordered the california grilled chicken flatbread appetizer .
they tasted weird , not like how i remember .
they were seasoned very poorly .
the food was horrible .
it did not taste fresh and everything was cold .
medium rare does not mean rare and cold .
we ordered takeout and it was horrible .
the smoked chicken wings were dry and very small .
the mashed potatoes were dry and tasteless .
the cheese bites were terrible .
he said , can i get you another salad ?
the manager failed to offer any other resolution .
they tried to rip us off !
as plain as day !
very poor customer service !
i don't know where it came from .
maybe i didn't seem important enough to help ?
i know i sound like a brat .
i would not recommend working with this company .
they have no common sense what so ever .
don't waste your time .
disappointing waste of time !
do not buy high end appliances from this company .
it is not always worth it .
he blamed the hood company for not shipping .
this is the worst company i've ever dealt with !
no refund and no refrigerator !
who needs bad service like that ?
this is no way to treat a former customer .
don't risk it , go elsewhere .
i'm not a fan .
i ordered asada burrito with beef .
one bite another bite all i taste was lettuce .
i'm not crazy about the blue burrito grill .
this was not that place .
the food was cold .
they got my order wrong .
disappointed , just another mex chain restaurant .
more than chipotle and not as fresh i think .
this is my second visit , and maybe last ?
not worth it to sit in a taxi .
we never make appointments ( just walk in ) .
these guys suck bad !
long time customer but not any longer .
never have i given a review this low .
i couldn't believe how unprofessional this company was .
the service was terrible .
how can italian sausage be tasteless !
here 's a pic of the pathetic pie .
fifteen dollars , ladies and gentlemen .
she got tired of rice .
she stated no problem .
ordered for my two children the gluten free pizza .
manager does not come over .
i would not recommend ever stepping foot in there .
i walked out of the office towards my car .
dozens of employees ran out asking to assist me .
i was treated rude right off the bat !
not the cheapest car to own or drive !
don't treat me or others like crap !
no body , no favor .
the service was terrible and so was the food .
but , hey , free lunch .
they do not sell or give away stickers .
none of us had started the new beers .
and wear normal t-shirt sizes .
the problem with the restaurant , is the price .
right off , a turn off .
needless to say , we will not be back .
try this , and see if it's better . "
however , that was not what we got .
the flavors weren't bad , though .
crispy , cold and fresh salad mix .
frozen , then refried .
red sauce lost its quality too .
# burgers are a miss in every way .
in this case , stick to the original .
this four peaks seem stale and old .
the burgers were just ok nothing outstanding .
it was more like overpriced fish sticks .
fat fat and more fat .
is what it is just doesn't work for me .
just not my thing i guess .
nothing to get excited about here .
in short , our server forgot about us .
not a place for football sunday !
why is everything diet here ?
i don't get it .
eggs had no taste .
won't be returning , though the service was ok .
make sure you get everything in writing .
how did they mess up our reservation ?
we ended up very much not happy .
what an incredibly bad experience .
not attentive at all .
i looked around the windows and doors dept .
worst customer service i have ever received .
it's two months later and no gift card !
well , isn't this awkward ?
one star is one star too many .
not very healthy either .
i would not recommend to a friend .
i hate that it's never the same .
clearly should have stopped going after the first visit .
no normal food here .
first and last time here .
this location was a disaster .
not worth the money .
my sandwich was poorly thrown together .
but the last is the worst .
the selection was boring !
this should 've been the first warning .
i can not recommend this to anyone .
the last thing i tried was the beef enchiladas .
skip the frozen margaritas !
the carne asada -- not good .
it was very salty and kind of gross .
i feel bad because our server was so nice !
even for gourmet mexican , that 's too much .
unfortunately all i got was the greasy part .
don't waste your time or money !
sad to say we were sorely disappointed !
we went there for lunch yesterday .
you can get better food and service elsewhere .
do not waste your time and money .
meh , very mediocre .
steve knew this and said " no problem " .
it's no wonder their office has gotten bad reviews .
my gel manicure didn't even last a week .
my daughter didn't care for her nail lady .
gel pedi , french mani and eyebrows .
all three were not good quality .
this place is the worst .
poor customer service and sells expired food .
she indicated she would have a designer contact me .
overall i'm disappointed with the results .
luckily , he signed off on the extra expense .
has lost its way .
glad i switched to another place .
i wouldn't recommend this company .
i lost a days work for nothing .
they do not install on saturdays .
this time my wife lost a days work .
a month has gone by still no follow up .
expensive and somewhat disappointing .
lost our future business .
pretty bad customer service or should i say non-existent .
there are better clinics that you can trust .
pretty bad customer service or should i say non-existent .
there are better clinics that you can trust .
service was marginal and food was not very good .
unfortunately , there are so many broken seats !
i like that they have light lemonade though .
however , the seats are super uncomfortable .
small screens , big time price .
where is the stadium seating ?
small screens because the theaters are small .
that 's only adding insult to injury .
no online seat reservations like regal and others .
the larger problem was the seats themselves .
our normal theater is a regal in gilbert .
nothing could be further from the truth .
regal and amc have my business .
also , if you have a cough stay home !
also another issue and this for all theaters .
turns out the pump was completely destroyed .
however , the last winter they failed to come .
i'm so glad i am done with this company .
worst company to work with .
had multiple problems with installation as well .
how wrong i was .
so don't complain about locals not supporting small businesses .
really tee 'd off the wife .
the ice cream cake we just purchased was horrible !
who is more disappointed the kids or the parents ?
not the friendliest folks in there .
don't waste your time or taste buds !
food is inconsistent at this location .
the bad : pork egg rolls .
i tried calling the mgr all morning .
no one picked up until 11:30 .
of course , " it's just not possible " .
tell that to my toilet !
i'm no longer going .
just keeps getting worse .
gluten free asian fusion is not difficult .
probably will not be returning any time soon .
only took five minutes to tour .
i did like the sand in the bunkers .
the greens were horrible .
the service was terrible .
if you dont own , dont go there .
other staff seem to be quite friendly .
but i was quickly over that .
just plain awkward and uncomfortable .
the food is completely uninspired .
the flat iron steak was fine but not spectacular .
no lotion , no massage , nothing .
not a four seasons more like a double tree .
this was one thing that really ruined my stay .
a five star hotel should not have stained carpets .
not what i expect from a four seasons .
i was not able to use the patio .
unbelievably disappointing mothers day experience at the four seasons .
my smoked chicken cob salad was very disappointing .
the iceberg lettuce was brown and soggy .
my steak was so-so .
not a comfortable atmosphere from the baristas .
everyone much more friendly at carefree highway store !
walked out without buying the items i picked out .
seriously rude & condescending staff .
the manicure was not .
i would not recommend this salon .
the food was not good .
i was soooo disappointed in all of the food .
the salad was lettuce with ranch thrown on it .
he then walked away .
no check printed or presented .
i will never return to this place .
overall : i was underwhelmed by my visit .
anyway , this place sucks .
even the corn was ice cold !
how do you mess up corn ?
friendly people but food is only fair at best .
but it must have been a small chicken .
the food is very mediocre .
the steak , a little worse than average .
the host was not much better .
the food was horrible and bland .
nothing was even close to being good .
is there gold in the beef ?
and the singer they had sucked too .
service was fine but the food was terrible .
very poor sign for a steakhouse !
the burgers only come w/ beans .
potato , salad , and corn are all extra .
what a huge disappointment this restaurant is .
the service was terrible .
this place is terrible !
wtf my dog can cook a cheeseburger .
my dining partner 's porterhouse was cold inside .
beans accompanying the meal were bland .
loud , but that 's what we expected .
horrible service every time .
( yuck ) bacon was burnt to a crisp .
it was literally black and tasted like charcoal .
there will not be a next time .
otherwise i would not have given them any stars .
this subway somehow always makes me sick .
they are quick but not very courteous .
they use a sub-par amount of veggies .
the noodles were spaghetti noodles , not chinese noodles .
the hot and sour soup was orange .
nevertheless , we won't go back .
i don't think i'll return again .
it's certainly not worth the prices .
we couldn't understand it .
this place is not very good at all .
please save yourself some money and don't eat there .
lettuce tasted like it had dirt on it .
way too expensive for the bad food you get .
small on portions , big on price !
likely won't be back .
just said they were sorry .
i visited here with my dad for lunch .
frankly , i thought it was terrible .
i can't even remember what i ordered .
and , again , cold beer .
this place is awful .
dinner was not even close to good.
shockingly bad may be another way to put it.
the worst thing is the food .
the food i brought home was terrible .
the whole family was very disappointed .
sesame chicken and thai chicken curry .
no apology or any type of compensation .
this was a complete fail .
we will not be back .
my husband and i stopped for take-out .
and unfortunately the food did not not taste good .
lame , lame , lame .
golf was good , service was laughable .
and it absolutely does not .
this fry 's is depressing .
lack of leadership may be a starting point .
they act like they don't need customers .
this store doesn't work very well for me .
the cheese is cold though " .
i couldn't even eat it .
i just ended up throwing it away .
they have lost my business .
always regret eating at bk .
there is always something wrong .
very bad experience using the drive-thru this morning !
i would not recommend this contractor .
however new owner of salon gets a zero .
are you kidding me ?
this is so lame !
we were all extremely disappointed .
greens were slow and uneven .
like that 's my problem .
plus many of the fairways are in terrible shape .
she did a poor job on my toes .
they should have to install ventilation for the workers .
i won't be going back .
some of the worst service i've received in awhile .
also , the place was very dingy and dirty .
yuck , just yuck .
the eggplant was greasy and dry .
too inconsistent for me .
maybe it's cause the crust is too heavy .
there are better options especially in scottsdale .
the receptionists agreed that this was unacceptable .
disappointed , doesn't describe how we felt .
doesn't seem very full to me .
the staff is curt and not very consistent .
the rooms are extremely loud !
the amenities are none existent .
this place is a mess !
in the room everything is old and worn out .
the large floor tiles were loose and a hazard .
avoid this place at all costs .
i am very disappointed with how we were treated .
she is frustrated and tells me to spell it .
she doesn't want to hear it .
it was obvious they could care less .
musty smell in the room .
probably would not stay here again .
poor business practice and manners .
there was a lady bug in my greek salad .
i will no longer buy bagels here anymore .
cream was dry and pastry was soggy .
don't believe the ratings .
oh my goodness seriously ?
he wasn't wearing gloves .
staff is very rude .
overall the worst staff i've ever seen .
the sauce was weak and flavorless .
how can you mess up a salad so badly ?
the decor needs a restaurant impossible makeover .
it is dated and tacky .
we will not be back .
high pressure , empty service .
in fact , they were kinda rude .
the shrimp burrito did it to me , awful !
stay away , or you will be sorry .
oh no , that would be muy fancy !
not even a sorry .
the food was not good .
the rice and beans were unremarkable as well .
this place is not good .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
look , an authentic chinese restaurant it's not .
vegetable fried rice was nothing to write home about .
bad food , bad service .
because of that , i'll never eat here again .
but really food was hardly edible .
this goodwill is not great but not terrible .
it's not really worth making the trip from phoenix .
mild just didn't do it for me .
highly disappointed in this place .
the service was terrible .
it was an alcoholic beverage .
my food was cold and the waitress just shrugged .
we walked out and we will never return !
the mussels appetizer had no flavor .
they ran out of chicken wings .
service was very slow .
waitress was full of excuses , but no action .
it was cold , but certainly not proper temperature .
would not go here again .
staff is overwhelmed when the place gets busy .
i guess that was supposed to make it better .
it still had the pepperoni grease dripping off it .
the pizza and salad was just ok .
unfortunately the service is usually poor .
don't waste your time .
lazy employees and no management that cares .
wheels were not touched .
bad , bad experience !
i mean , what the freak ?
i am never going back to this place again .
what a waste of time and money .
after this no thanks you lost a weekly customer .
shame that they are the only show in town .
bad , terrible , stay away .
do not go to this car wash !
horrible business to deal with !
the service was extremely slow .
by far the worse carwash i have ever purchased .
so far , not impressed .
it's not busy , why isn't it clean ?
asked for artichoke with chicken and mushroom .
got anchovies with chicken and mushroom .
i will not eat here again .
generic fast food pizza .
bad all the way around .
i've never had a more uncomfortable experience .
this is a sub par italian restaurant .
both dishes were just lacking in flavor .
this sauce was not edible .
i'm from chicago visiting family and needed a pedi .
i got the rude lady with the short hair .
i have never been treated so poorly .
they obviously don't care about their customers .
i didn't ask for my money back .
gross food horrible parking .
slow waits for fresh fries they said .
over priced , unnecessary procedures , never on time .
i never had something returned so sloppy .
they were returned the same : essentially ruined .
fairly straightforward , except for the fact that mr .
i will not go back for sure .
the grooming was average at best .
we can not recommend this company anymore .
i can never get excited about eating here .
he was extremely rude .
i will not go back to this place .
suggest getting other quotes fountain hills .
worst customer service imaginable !
please save yourself the aggravation and find someone else .
do not use this firm !
please don't make the same mistake i did .
i couldn't have been more wrong !
this store was a huge disappointment .
very very long wait .
not an eat & run place .
the produce is particularly awful .
the staff as a whole seems very unhappy .
we are extremely displeased with this dentist office !
like i said i regret not walking out .
i'm like , why not ?
he realized that linda was completely unreasonable .
what goes around comes around girls .
wish i had n't left her a tip .
the entire experience was awful .
bad food , horrible service .
what a waste of my hard earned dollars .
chicken was bland & not seasoned .
didn't taste much better .
disgusting and overpriced cheap food .
gross is an understatement .
i wouldn't come back again .
this is awful mexican food .
i will not be returning again .
if not , scottsdale it is .
this was such a terrible restaurant .
the food was not very good .
we will not be going back .
i would not suggest this place .
not bad but not the best !
most expensive cigarettes in town .
the place was a total mess too .
smelled and dirty tables floors etc everywhere yuck !
been to far better streets of new york restaurants .
doesn't make sense , right ?
one star because zero isn't an option .
needless to say i won't be returning .
can't someone take care of these ?
i hate paying to put air in my tires .
convenient location but not worth the hassle .
better off going down to the circle k 's .
gas is way too expensive here .
it's fountain hills so it's expected i guess .
gas isn't the only thing overpriced here either .
what company would pay for negative reviews .
why oh why is the grass so long .
never seen grass so long on tees before .
i happened to get a craving for apple pie .
poor food and poor service .
this time , not so much .
my food was ok but not as hot .
neither welcoming nor particularly smart .
we tried to get her attention to no avail .
the wait staff due sit down service is okay .
i used my cc to secure the room .
got my confirmation email .
got another confirmation email on november 10th .
very rude customer service !
well , no internet starting before 9am .
just not ok at all .
do not stay here place is nasty .
awful place to stay .
management does nothing to make people return .
i had a negative experience with kelly .
they didnt get it done on saturday either .
no problem for saving you time .
the people that work here are lame .
don't act act they know stuff but they don't .
he missed the appointment this morning .
apparently he thought it unnecessary .
john apparently does not value customers .
i wouldn't recommend them to anyone .
in the past from verde nursery , no problems .
both dried out and died .
still need some more herbs though .
they never showed up and never returned my calls .
poor way to run a business .
this business gets zero stars from me .
that 's not the case with this one .
they will never get my business again .
in my opinion , it isn't .
it isn't just about money .
i didn't want to be rude so i listened .
i had already given them my card info .
the whole time he's giving me attitude .
avoid at all cost .
this company was formerly called h k motors .
do not deal with these people .
they might just " disappear " on you too !
did i mention that it's slow ?
slow service and way over priced .
i will not be returning .
it's unfortunate because the location is very convenient .
the service has never been worse , very slow .
you will waste your money
however there are negatives that out way the positives .
did not like at all .
left it really wet and now it smells .
horrible experience and high cost .
they did a slap happy crappy job .
unfortunately , his staff is a nightmare .
the staff was very unprofessional .
so i just sucked it up .
this was the worst dentist visit i ever had .
one week went by and no one contacted me .
sent my tax information to them in early march .
not a word from them .
horrible service , attitude , business ethics .
worst service i have ever gotten !
they have truly screwed me over .
they don't even deserve one star .
this place is horrible !
i will not be making a return appearance .
i'm not too familiar with driving around tempe .
i couldn't find it .
nasty customer service today .
thanks , but no thanks .
horrible customer service and lack ability to manager customers .
good thing i wasn't a secret shopper .
i don't appreciate people like this and left .
i didn't take any chances that night .
and the guacamole and other sauces were mediocre .
anyway , i will not be going here again .
( no , we're not lazy , i swear .
second , this stuff is not fresh .
so , i asked for steak and shrimp fajitas .
it was another ten minutes before they got theirs !
the chicken was tasty , although slightly overcooked .
the sushi was simply unacceptable .
parking lot staff did nothing to stop them .
the lack of signage for that was annoying .
that would never happen in a major league park .
wasn't crowded when we went .
it has nothing to write home about .
worst traffic management at any stadium in america .
there is little to no interaction with the players .
this stadium is terrible .
to make it worse , organization is terrible there .
i really want to like this friendly place .
can't see a thing .
first , this is my favorites sub factory location .
2nd order , ingredients wrong again .
shouldn't have messed with a good thing .
also the bread was noticeably stale .
i'm assuming it wasn't fresh .
vegetables on the sandwich were sparse .
she gave me a free soda .
they all looked very lost and confused .
it went downhill from there .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
both dishes were so flavorless .
very disappointed and i would never go back .
from that point , everything went down hill .
nothing to write home about .
salad and bread = terrible .
after that there was nothing but cheese and noodles .
it also was not that big of a portion .
worst spaghetti and meatballs ever , bar none .
a lady answered the phone and was extremely rude .
i was really disappointed .
i would not recommend dining here .
service aside , the food just wasn't on point .
i think olive garden is better than this .
it was extremely bland and over-priced .
at this point , we just want to leave .
i guess our money isn't good enough there !
sadly , things have been changing last few times .
maybe the owner is losing interest .
horrible experience for my birthday .
i would give it zero stars if i could .
worst dental lab of all time !
mine was lost = angry patient .
i'm not coming back .
this was my second visit to this location .
i just don't like this location .
i could not believe it , so rude .
i will never step foot in that store again .
totally did not appreciate the attitude .
won't be going back .
i wouldn't give this company another dime .
the only problem is they are filthy .
i could not believe what i was hearing .
juice bar does not wash the produce .
the coffee is terrible .
its bitter and has a funky aftertaste .
she was just unpleasant .
rude and unprofessional staff .
even manager was confused .
we just left the store mad .
the salad bar looks so gross .
so many people do not eat pork these days .
signage would have been nice .
the salad bar did not have fresh produce ugh .
just a terrible whole foods experience .
won't see ya there .
ruined the surprise for a friend !
i was not impressed with my experience there .
i am not sure why they told me that .
i will not recommend this place .
she said she'd ask and call me back .
me and the husband walk into the store .
you should try other stores .
i wish yelp allowed zero stars .
this is not stated up front .
if i could give no stars , i would .
he couldn't even tell me what the problem was .
okay i wasn't sure what it was called .
therefore , i'm never coming back .
but this wasn't the worst of it .
most of the services are decent but not spectacular .
i have however had a couple of bad cuts .
i was furious and stressed out beyond belief .
the school 's administration is beyond a mess .
it's like russian roulette going in there !
i booked this appointment with no issues .
needless to say , we won't be returning .
it's my lunch hour !
feel like i got robbed in a way .
the sandwich is totally inedible .
don't think i'll be going back .
i just find that appalling .
i guess i will keep trying in my search .
i don't even know how that is possible .
i just couldn't save the food .
got the breakfast bagel with sausage which was ok .
instead of saying i'm sorry about that .
you'd be better off going to mcdonalds .
cons : microwaved eggs , microwaved bacon .
no mayo in the kitchen .
only packets on the counter .
i'm never going back .
had no problems with the staff .
they never have plain bagels when i go .
it ended up being dry and flavorless .
i used to really like this place .
i am from back east i know .
the locals would complain and not go back .
in tempe there are zero alternatives so i deal .
the sandwich was bland tasting .
staff is clueless and rude to customers .
but the " sirloin " is definitely not .
will not go back - ever .
overpriced and just not tasty food .
no complaints were heard .
seasoning was adequate but nothing special .
i've only ate here a handful of times .
just not for me .
about half of it was not edible .
i will not be back here .
manager was standing around .
sure people could 've been cut .
it's just poor customer service .
we were beyond disappointed .
are you kidding me ?
just mush with no " rooms . "
my steak was cold , and over done .
filthy , poorly trained employees .
but over the years , it's lost the appeal .
weekends are a nightmare here .
i couldn't find food here .
oh , and the parking is atrocious .
they wont leave you alone .
hence my visits to arizona mills .
but i did find a diamond in the rough .
i avoid those people as best i can .
tempe thinks it won by getting az mills .
why the hell did they put imax here ?
that last sentence was not an exaggeration .
oh , how the mighty have fallen .
stores selling quality merchandise can not survive here .
out of town guests do not visit this mall .
try chandler , or scottsdale fashion square instead .
really crowded on the weekends .
doubt i will be frequenting this place .
if you want to walk fast , it's impossible .
also this mall is crazy dirty !
it's the people there that scare me .
it's almost too much to handle .
i won't go back .
it's a bit rough here to say the least !
like any mills outlet , it's cheap and ghetto .
i would not recommend it .
this mall is horrible .
sorry i will stick to my kierland and biltmore !
this facility has really gone down hill .
will not bother going there again .
i'm really not an outlet shopper though .
that 's not cool at all .
we just walked outside to find a cab .
two of them had their shirts off .
( who doesn't like a good discount ?
the choices here suck .
nice dresses but terrible customer service .
they also don't honor their own discounts .
mmmm , prom is in a few minutes .
really disappointed foot locker .
not my type of etiquette .
finally , the doctors teeth are kind of busted .
ordered from papa johns when staying in phoenix .
no cheese cups and the pizza was burnt .
pizza was cold and pretty much waist of money .
go elsewhere if you want a good meal .
went here with a friend for lunch today .
first off , there was no ac .
no ac in the middle of the summer ?
i will never come back to this dump again .
i had a terrible experience at this place .
a complete waste of money .
the quesadilla wasn't much better .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
had chicken and steak tacos .
its decent but i was sorely disappointed .
it makes me sad .
bad food , worse service .
they just lost a regular customer .
grossed my ass out .
sorry , not drunk .
it's not even a language thing .
the restroom is disgusting .
it smells of piss and mold .
the cake was sooooo bland !
what a load of crap !
don't waste your time .
sorry " very dissatisfied and disappointed .
absolute worst experience we had at a bakery .
i wouldn't recommend honeymoon sweets to anyone .
i am so disappointing in their service and quality .
this bakery was sooo disappointing !
there was absolutely no decoration on the cupcakes !
frosting had very little taste to it .
ya i want smoke smell on my organic food .
they also charge for chips and salsa .
they even messed up a veggie burrito .
poor excuse for salsa bar .
the shredded beef tacos were not that good .
no salsa verde or any red sauce at all .
also , get better coffee .
hubby ate even less of his .
worst worst worst mex in all the valley .
no salsa bar to speak of .
the chicken in the enchiladas was dried and old .
we walked in ready to order our lunch .
and trust me , they are n't always good .
ok the worst mexican food i've ever had .
i've had food truck food better than this .
the chicken was awful and looked strange .
the prices were unbelievable .
way too expensive especially for the quality .
there are way too many soccer posters .
anyway i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
i ordered an asada arizona burrito and a quesadilla .
the room was very dirty .
the power was out for a few hours .
was pretty disappointed in this place .
the mini refrigerator had a very fishy smell .
overall i was not happy .
i would not stay at this hotel again .
on the counter but no coffee maker .
altogether a pretty unpleasant experience , would not return .
this was a complete disaster .
we will not be staying at this hotel again .
they are completely disorganized , rude and incompetent .
i still have not received my deposit back .
they are rude and do not care at all .
the worst apartment you can ever rent in .
they constantly lie and make up excuses for everything .
do not rent here .
i'm just not that impressed .
the menu isn't that great .
even she wasn't impressed .
it didn't do anything for her .
plus their margaritas are weak .
i am not your bro .
i returned today and everything was horrible .
the steak was dry and tasteless .
this was not the case .
my onion rings were thin and mostly crispy .
thinking about it is giving me a headache .
isn't this a seafood restaurant ?
the service wasn't too great either .
even the butter was tasteless .
worst restaurant experience i have ever had .
the waitress was absolutely terrible .
nothing to write home about .
this was probably the most disappointing chowder .
not a lot of taste .
not a real fan .
my wife had the spaghetti lobster .
so she didn't eat it .
wasn't at all impressed .
not impressed at all .
the lobster was small and over cooked .
didn't finish it either .
service couldn't be more disorganized .
my first time , was horrible .
it was a tuesday and really slow .
find out my outside server is actually the bartender !
minor problems , i figured .
bartender and staff were very friendly .
maybe the other customers learned their lesson already ?
there is little to no quality control .
service has been a wee bit slow .
dirty table , bathroom , silverware and plates .
the appetizers came out cold and sloppy .
the potatoes were undercooked .
( a very slow night .
we handed out menus back .
but clearly didn't care .
a bit ignored tonight .
sadly , it was so bland !
the food wasn't great and we waited too long .
lobster was a little overcooked .
tough lobster nice talkative waiter .
why does she not know the menu .
after that , it was a complete disaster .
additionally , the time commitment began to get ridiculous .
he did eventually remove the meal from my bill .
the food wasn't fresh at all .
slim to no seasoning at all .
no bang for your buck here .
not to mention manger didn't even come to table .
are you kidding me ?
no business name , nothing .
if i could give no stars i would .
probably the worst chinese restaurant i've ever been to .
the food didn't even taste like chinese food .
it seems to me that the quality has declined .
just a sad day .
the driver was polite and friendly .
the crab puffs were ok .
the pot stickers were terrible .
doughy with barely any filling .
the rice in this case was mushy .
the amount of food was disappointing as well .
not horrible , but i wouldn't go again .
the flavor was bland for everything too .
the restaurant itself was really run down .
tasted a little off too .
the whole thing was a mess .
i could not take another bite after finding that .
yep it was not good .
worst chinese food i've ever had .
the soup was the only item that arrived hot .
don't waste your time and money .
lastly , the pork chow mein .
it was a mess .
i'm sorry i ever gave that guy a tip .
no drive-thru window , only drive-thru atm .
i think i'll skip this branch from now on .
the parking is also awful .
but it was bad .
i'm really displeased and regret getting it cut .
she looks so awkward .
shelly offers really poor customer service .
she was completely rude .
tried getting compensation for my dogs terrible haircut .
overall rather unhappy with the experience .
this gym is a hot mess .
the facility itself is not up to health codes .
not one time did someone ever return messages .
my chicken however was too chewy .
don't get me wrong , its still decent .
not great al all .
worst chinese i've ever had .
place is disgusting too .
but it doesn't , so i won't .
not at all close to any authentic japanese .
not worth the money $ $ .
also , the diet pepsi here tastes really awful .
freezer burnt and tasted of old fryer grease !
what a waste of time , effort and money .
don't the owners care ?
honestly , i started getting offended .
sadly , i will not be returning .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
shady and try to rip you off !
worst service i've ever had at a car shop .
long story short do not go here !
in these busy times , not cool .
i pick up my car and that was that .
the whole idea of applebee 's really bothers me .
our service was worse than the food .
so corporate , cheesy , and generic .
and it's not even cheap !
it's an american chain restaurant .
no ketchup in bottle at my table .
my fries was cold , hamburger was average .
the service however is terrible .
not a fan of this location .
the bartender was very rude .
they did not even make a brand new one .
prices were not bad .
waitress was not very attentive .
will never come back there and would never recommend .
my three cheese chicken pasta had lettuce in it .
that was a direct quote .
that makes absolutely no sense .
applebee 's is so gross .
i didn't even bother complaining because i expected it .
the service is bad and the food is worse .
service was great but the food was awful .
the food is below average at best .
also , the booth was sat in was disgusting .
wings were borderline warm .
the service here is terrible .
almost like they were sitting under a heat lamp .
all our food was cold .
this applebee 's sucks complete dick .
it tasted like a fucking sprite .
last time we went , there was no hostess .
how ridiculous is that ?
our server was totally avoiding us .
if i could give no stars i would .
don't go here after 9pm .
the az mills ross is no exception .
customers also can't do returns on the back registers .
worst ross i've ever been to .
i could hardly find anything .
today 's lunch was a terrible affair .
overall i'm extremely disappointed by this location .
not even quite okay but just blah .
there was only meat and cheese on them .
also my wife ordered a chocolate malt .
not bad , just old-fashioned .
my daughter commented that the lettuce tasted almost frozen .
worst part : the awful chicken strips .
not worth it at all .
the service is s l o w !
i couldn't believe how this guy drug his feet .
however , here 's where the problem comes in .
anywho , my patty melt was ok .
needless to say i won't be back .
that 's where i'll spend my hard earned money .
avoid at all costs !
i was not overly impressed .
service was incredibly slow .
i would have been terribly upset without it .
no apologies for lack of service .
won't be eating here again .
the waitresses there are very rude .
my scrambled eggs were overdone and lukewarm .
don't waste your time or your money .
the greeter had no idea what he was doing .
the insurance is a total rip off .
this sprint store had horrible customer service .
like i said : horrible customer service .
brittany needs to be fired .
this store ripped me off .
( though i did have an appointment ) .
however their store hours are wrong .
and then " oh no it's not .
don't waste your time walking into this store .
if only i could give a negative rating !
sprint , you have some shady business practices .
i've been a customer for many years now .
don't go see him for anything .
once again another terrible experience at this sprint store .
i'm not understanding what the problem is .
stay away and find another sprint repair location .
complete lack of customer service .
i will not be coming back for anything .
what poor customer service !
i will not return to this location again .
oh , and it's super expensive .
limited selection of stuff to by across the board .
put your money down and they stuff you .
this place can go to hell !
the waiter wasn't even friendly to begin with .
we thought he was joking , he wasn't .
i am very disappointed in this place .
but everything else wasn't .
service sucked and was incredibly slow .
would not recommend this place save your money .
as it was , we won't come back .
i want the food cooked correctly .
at this point , i'm irritated and upset .
i just wouldn't have walked out .
i will not patronize this shop again !
i spoke with randy who was again extremely rude !
called to complain then english was a problem .
avoid like a plague .
i explained my voicemail , he just said ok .
i would not recommend this store to anyone .
i couldn't believe my ears .
but i got no response from him .
would recommend avoiding this firm at all costs .
be very careful of using this firm .
very disappointed with my service here .
its so bad , i turned my ac off .
i immediately went back to the counter .
at least this wouldn't stain my clothes .
to the smelly guests : how rude .
i would give zero if i could .
i won't be back .
i walked out without making a purchase .
you are better off ordering your supplies online .
don't go here unless it is an absolute emergency .
the assistant manager was standing in the corner .
i wouldn't say his office is friendly .
my manicure was horrible .
i will not be going here again for sure .
the worst place in life - very unprofessional !
crappy place as i sit here now .
didn't cover tips of nails with polish .
not worth the price .
i just waste a fortune for nothing over here .
like she gave me hang nails and cut me .
the manicure itself was below average .
and the worst part ?
my biggest mistake was ignoring them .
it was not all bad of an experience .
food is not bad , and relatively cheap .
don't want to go back to this location again .
i would gladly go to other locations though .
the guac isn't good .
that guy looks really pissed off .
there are no filibertos in northern california .
but i did not listen .
if so , i am so sorry .
my fiance and i just left there .
what a waste of a meal !
on two occasions the beans and rice were disgusting .
wan na add rice or beans ?
place is just nasty dirty !
then i called back several times and nobody answered .
the meat was horrible and very low quality .
be sure to avoid this location at all costs .
worst place to stop and eat in the morning .
this is not the first time .
seems only one person works at this time .
it tasted more like plain ground beef .
the potatoes weren't fully cooked .
i'm not a huge fan .
the staff isn't overly friendly inside .
this place is the worse .
plus the drive-thru is hella slow .
def not my next choice .
probably one of the worse filibertos in the area !
they always make me sick yet other places don't .
that carne asada was fire going in and out .
probably wont be back .
even for a crappy mexican place .
bacon , egg , cheese , tortilla .
yelp makes you select a star but zero stars !
no customer should be treated like this .
this is literally the worst filibertos ever .
i'm legit never eating here again .
we will not be back !
the orders we had were wrong .
horribly incompetent and mean .
avoid at all costs .
disappointing but i did eat them .
most likely won't be back .
step up the drive thru customer service burger king !
don't waste your time or money .
not even slightly warm .
but how do you get fries wrong ?
avoid this location if you can .
i wish i could give this place a zero .
i don't get it .
little did i realize how wrong everyone was .
after today , however , i'm never going back .
( the drinks are even a little cheaper ) .
way to lose business and piss off some locals .
not thinking i need to come back .
will not be returning to this establishment !
non smokers won't enjoy their drink outside anywhere .
it was just rude and really not called for .
i also got a scone which was really dry .
overall , i wish the customer service was better .
only one lady at the counter was taking orders .
no open indoor seating .
*the smoking outside is unbearable .
college , i mean .
but , i can't .
yeah , i think i would keep on driving .
i want it plain , strong , and hot .
too much freaking milk , and not enough java .
isn't it summer break ?
it's just not that good .
just stay away from the iced coffee .
*the internet connection here is aweful .
slow doesn't even begin to describe it .
this coffee is awful .
but they wont miss me .
smokers ruin the atmosphere .
she then ignored me again .
she got my order wrong .
but holy crap , who are they hiring ?
the outside reeks of cigarette smoke .
just does nothing for me .
worst customer service ever .
basically , don't honor this establishment with your business .
use your consumer power elsewhere .
i won't be back .
this place is hit or miss .
this coffee shop is kind of the worst .
very poor customer service .
i'm not likely to recommend this joint .
this kind of customer service is pitiful .
cappuccino was good size but mediocre .
what killed me was that their internet was down .
then she handed me a bitter cup of coffee .
not even a sorry from a manager .
i am never setting foot in this establishment again .
the food is fresh but very bland .
the tofu was disgusting .
the satay came out first and it was ok .
the noodle dish was the worst dish .
the noodles were really hard .
food was not as flavorful .
it tasted old or something poorly made .
had dessert too coconut custard with rice .
the noodles i'm sure were spaghetti .
beyond that , the food tasted awful .
this place is horrible .
my pad thai was dry : - ( .
that 's sad because i like thai food .
it was alright but a little bland .
mine won't - won't be back .
i lost patience and left this establishment .
the bathrooms were disgusting .
for this reason , you lost my business !
worst experience of my life .
find a real place to get your prescription lenses .
disappointed pretty much sums it up .
she told me she couldn't see that .
the staff are not friendly except the doctor .
not a helpful staff .
this office never sent in my daughters records .
was not impressed with this school .
they did nothing , they were cheap labor .
i would not recommend it at all .
i'm not really sure what just happened to me .
sorry folks , but this place is terrible .
third , the vegetable selection is limited .
my bowl was quite soupy , but very bland .
the sauces have almost no flavor whatsoever .
why not just charge one price for all ?
it was shaved , and was kinda tough .
veggies and toppings were fresh , but limited .
more salad topping stuff then anything else .
sadly , this was not one of them .
this place is missing one key ingredient : flavor .
i highly suggest not eating here .
even the chicken went bad .
they don't even carry sriracha anymore .
wasted a lot of time and gas .
after having an mri , it showed nothing wrong .
however , they screwed up my billing .
even the diarrhea had crusted and dried .
they didn't even have my appointment on the books .
then he would not even acknowledge our presence .
hobby action employees are extremely disrespectful .
they refuse to work with loyal customers .
avoid this hobby shop .
this place is not good .
the guy had major attitude too .
the sound guy is not good .
avoid this location at all costs .
worst ups store i have ever been in .
i had worst experience with enterprise always .
like , really awful .
i would not recommend coming to this store .
it's a grocery store that has crappy customer service .
no " anything else ? "
so i thought whatever and started my shopping .
do not leave the store without a receipt !
i will not be back .
this is one of the worst hoa !
this company is an absolute joke !
no real answers until you start screaming at them .
anybody else would get fired for being so incompetent !
this company really needs to go out of business !
just kind of a pathetic experience .
i received terrible customer service today at this location .
so very disappointed and frustrating .
you shouldn't be doing the job otherwise .
and then i would 've spoke to your manager .
not sure what could have been done to it .
was a disappointing waste of money .
this place is a mess .
it's not even clean .
no one is in the front attending customers .
this person was not myself .
that is completely unacceptable .
i didn't have any other work done .
this is awful service .
do not recommend this practice .
they were so condescending and rude the entire appointment .
they said they would only email her copies .
do not i repeat do not go here .
i will never utilize his services again .
the cookies were ok , nothing special .
i don't know where to start .
chicken caesar salad and they forget the chicken ?
the employees are incompetent .
( kinda crappy 70s seating .
but that doesn't happen .
would not recommend this place .
man , was this place sort of depressing .
coin operated pool table were a disaster .
avoid it if you can .
because our service was extremely slow .
but the negative is the " fried wings " !
talk about horrible service !
then the staff tries to over charge you .
nothing more than " tolerable " .
her response , " i'm not on anymore .
will not be going there ever again !
unfortunately everything else about this place was disappointing .
to me that is just terrible customer service .
no omelet bar or anything beyond basic buffet .
they recently have remodeled the club house .
foot golf is encouraged after 9:00 on weekends .
we finally left and will spend our money elsewhere .
not fun or safe .
the grounds maintenance is very poor .
the appearance is tacky and not groomed .
the office hour is not reasonable .
this location in particular i do not care for .
i am not a fan .
actually never been to a bad one till now .
no fresh fruit station no fruit salad .
i have been to better sweet tomatoes .
not going to this one again anytime soon .
i completely lost my appetite .
it sucks , just like this food .
on my visit i opted for the basics .
one star because they flat out lied to us .
there was no welcoming feeling here .
this place is just sad !
please don't make the same mistake we did .
they do not take care of their animals !
i just felt awful !
too busy closing to provide customer service !
it's not the most unappetizing fast-food experience i've had .
too noisy and not enough good beer .
most of the music sucked .
i'm not paying to get commercials all night .
last night left me pretty annoyed .
just seemed really cheap and sad .
most ridiculous experience ever !
terrible experience and we won't be back .
it was a giant rip off .
overall , i wouldn't recommend them .
not worth the price we had to pay .
staff manager did not help to the slightest .
this is the worst service i have ever encountered .
needless to say , i'm not going back .
we're human , so no big deal .
left here full , but annoyed .
much , much worse !
there was no attempt to make it right .
it was very unprofessional .
not one person serving food was wearing gloves .
disgusting and totally unsanitary .
i was not happy with my experience this time .
my hair cut didn't go well .
so that 's why the haircut was so fast .
the atmosphere is low key .
my wife did not get better .
no further assistance was given .
trust me , do not see this doctor !
i couldn't afford both .
do not see this doctor .
no longer a fan .
since then , the customer service has gone downhill .
i am not a patient , my husband is .
rating is for overall poor customer service .
i wouldn't spend another dime with these guys .
obviously that 's why i didn't get onions .
but that 's not what i had said .
i guess pickles and onions sound the same .
your job isn't that hard .
don't give someone crappy service because of it .
no i dont know a lot about cars .
plus they are rude and don't care !
i was very unhappy with service provided .
saturday afternoon i have flat !
these issues never occurred up in gilbert .
the espresso is somewhat weak .
thats not " cigar smoker friendly " at all !
i went in here tonight with the bf .
it also didn't have a ton of flavor .
i really , really wanted to like this place .
which is freakin - disgusting .
it wasn't a very big coffee shop .
the place was crowded with people stopping in .
she didn't give us the correct discount .
coffee is ok , i've had better .
just so-so for a coffee place .
the biggest problem though are the drinks .
sadly , i was disappointed in the results .
not a bit of it in this one .
sorry but these owners are quite something .
he then hung up with no further comment .
perhaps their phone manners are just what is lacking .
it tasted like straight syrup .
this used to be my favorite coffee shop .
they sort of fixed it but not really .
the management handled this horribly .
management tried to tow my car .
they didn't even check on us .
melissa is right , it smelled pretty bad downstairs .
he just looked like a big jerk .
also the food there isnt the greatest .
the game selection is not too bad .
the customer service is deplorable , though .
i have no desire to visit this place again .
oh how the mighty have fallen .
those days are long gone .
man this place has gone down .
it sounded amazing , it was bad .
overall this was quite a disappointing experience .
not worth my money , definitely won't be back .
management , get your shit together .
complete waste of money .
the rest is a hot mess .
could there not be a sign ?
are you kidding me ?
won't come here again .
after that it was all downhill .
you couldn't pay me to go back !
i just wouldn't spend money here again .
should be called nothing works .
on the two player games only one player worked .
the customer service was so-so .
it smelled bad , and everything is sticky .
this place should be called joke works .
i was so wrong !
appalling and will not return .
what a terrible way to lose money .
this place is so awful .
they were such a rip off .
it's such a disappointment .
they seem unable to just look up my account .
do you want my freaking money or not ?
they said no we don't have to .
almost like no one is working here !
this place is ridiculously inefficient .
do yourself a favor , find some other provider .
his staff however was not .
they want another office visit and more money .
as was the idea of buying a road bike .
sorry i'm a beginner .
sorry i'm not a man .
i mean , can't a girl brag a little ?
i can't stand this place .
the sales staff were arrogant and completely useless .
terrible staff at this location .
don't see what the positive reviews are about .
it was pretty standard fare , nothing spectacular .
went in at breakfast time it was semi busy .
the service was so so slow .
bathrooms are dirty and run down .
please get me out of here .
will not be found back to any dennys ever .
avocado is old and getting bad too .
the only fresh thing might be the boiled egg .
there was a giant roach in the wall .
i could not believe how unprofessional they were there !
management style was arrogant and unprofessional .
no action from management .
i have been renting places for a decade now .
no one ever called my name over the speakers .
pizza in the garbage .
bummer , big waste of time and effort .
the meats were pretty bland .
its really bad , trust me .
this place has gone downhill .
it's just not what it was .
and i only ate it because i was hungry .
without any taste to keep them in business .
does this even have pizza sauce ?
this isn't even as good as that .
can't understand the high marks it has .
it happens , i get it .
don't call me a liar .
the food is alright but the service is horrible .
turkey sandwich , flavorless .
went in for spaghetti with marinara .
plain tomato sauce , no flavor .
do not order delivery from this place .
venezia 's is not authentic italian .
the pizza crust is really , really salty .
it makes the pizza real dry .
the toppings are not all equal quantity .
i do not recommend this pizza place .
all the toppings fell off and it arrived cold !
i wish their were a negative rating .
i went to this restaurant today for pizza .
they estimated an hour so no issues here .
a few slices barely had any toppings at all .
the wings were sad .
ultimately the reason for my poor review .
not crispy at all .
so bad that they found the garbage .
i have never had a bad salad from there .
i would not recommend ordering individual slices .
made our pizza wrong two times .
unfortunately the customer service has greatly declined .
could 've been the grease , idk .
this place isn't for me .
i wish i could get my money back .
they obviously didn't care about getting a new patient .
all in all a very frustrating experience .
i won't be using it .
have to wait til monday .
do not bother with this place !
biggest disappointment i've ever experienced .
i can not even begin to think right now !
i had a horrible experience with these clowns .
don't trust this business .
no apology , no refund , no nothing .
they just want to suck money from us .
chains like this ( e.g .
so i scheduled an appt for the next day .
this is not how you run a business .
anyway , they said they could squeeze me in .
i wish i could give them zero stars .
all the mechanics are idiots .
of course not , cause they need the money .
unfortunately this was a bright red flag for me .
this place is crap .
3rd time ; my husband comes too .
never really had any problems just rude employees .
worst customer service ive ever seen .
management is horrible and the employees are worse .
anyway , the staff here sucks .
i cant get over how they lack cleanliness .
i don't even want to give a star .
where to start , this place is a wreck .
these people don't give a craps .
i refuse to ever go to this one again .
she wasn't very friendly .
should have been my first warning .
this process could have been handled better .
this place was so weird !
looks are n't everything .
it's empty and dumpy looking .
we significantly bring this average down .
my money 's on no .
maybe you could use it as a paper weight ?
other than that , stay away .
my order came with soup , i chose lentil .
the falafel however was just not good at all .
i should 've stayed home and saved my money .
the falafel though -- worst i've ever had .
it's dried out and flavorless .
however , i cant say that was the case .
for starters our drinks were terrible .
they do not have ginger ale .
the rice was plain , and lacked substance .
didn't get a chance to eat here .
we weren't greeted at the door very quickly .
don't know if i'll give this place another chance .
other friends says eh food .
this was a terrible experience !
way too much drama and bs here !
a pretty terrible experience here .
don't waste your time .
i had the spaghetti and meatballs .
well , i guess you can use old sauce .
it tasted like jar salsa .
salsa was meh , chips were stale .
chicken enchiladas had no flavor .
service was not the best .
i was disappointed with my experience here .
i could have made way better tacos at home .
the chips for the salsa were stale .
this place has tasteless food that is over priced .
chips were cold like out of a bag .
not worth the visit .
wasnt worth the money i spent .
i will not be going back anytime soon .
the water taste bad .
dont waste your time and money at this place .
made me very sad .
the salsa tasted like tomato and onion .
my wife was similarly unimpressed .
stopped in for a bit of a jewelry emergency .
i will not be back .
the sales agent was very deceiving in the transaction .
you have been warned .
had a not so good experience at nello 's .
and sadly so has the pizza .
the onions could be tasted in a few bites .
so i just ate and left .
and an hour later nellos lost .
nellos will not see our dollars again .
this restaurant was just okay to me .
it isn't even busy in here .
this was my third experience with nellos .
i'm sorry but the chains follow through .
unless the management doesn't care .
too bad a long block away from my house .
this was my first visit .
particularly their pepperoni pineapple pizza .
the service has been mediocre at best .
the takeout host was sorry .
no explanation , no attempt to make it right .
beer was even flat .
oregano 's blows this place away .
the garlic bread was drenched in oil .
the pasta was just disgusting .
i won't be going back .
six customers in the place .
the italian herb fries were bland and soggy .
won't be back again .
the food was poor .
did not get served the last time we went .
made me want to order papa johns .
this is about the lousy service .
however , this location does not make it right .
there is just something so weird tasting about it .
the interior is tired and dingy too .
i left thoroughly unimpressed .
other than that , it was just a disappointment .
there weren't many vegetables on my veggie mountain pizza .
customer service is not on their menu .
sorry nello 's - your out !
it wouldn't be worth it to seat us !
so disgusting to turn customers away !
the pizzas are inconsistent .
immediately to the trash .
won't be back to this location .
no part of the experience has me rushing back .
this place has the worst service i've ever encountered .
can't take a correct order to save their life .
to me , that means old , cold popcorn .
can't say i'll be going back .
okay , kinda expensive , but i get it .
i'm not sure whose fault this is .
they ripped us off .
not going there again if i can help it .
i mean , it's a movie theater .
not to be irritated throughout .
the men 's bathroom was horribly dirty and sticky .
the beverage holder looked clean enough though .
but everything was so ridiculously unorganized .
next , i waited twenty minutes for my drink .
also , slow wi-fi .
staff was less then thrilled to be at work .
this location gives marshall 's a bad name .
our business is obviously wanted and appreciated elsewhere .
one of the worst experiences in customer service .
ordered something from a very helpful gentlemen last saturday .
not a fan of the new ownership .
needless to say i took my puppies elsewhere .
not the place to take your cat .
it was loud and chaotic .
i can't believe i'm writing this review .
i am so so disappointed .
not the worst , but certainly not ideal .
, but no one called anyway .
sorry i will not be taking her back .
it's not that bad , just nothing special .
probably will not return due to issues with this .
longest wait in a drive thru ever .
seriously i threw it away .
the office staff is incompetent and rude !
one of the worst experiences with a doctor .
only then would he listen to me .
staff was extremely unprofessional .
won't be going there again .
they really need to get a better drive-through speaker .
never planning on ordering from here again .
by this time , my side item was cold .
i would give zero stars if i could .
overall disappointed at this sonic .
sonic should be ashamed of themselves .
they really know how lower standards .
which doesn't happen often .
i will not be back to this location .
the employees were rude .
monday night , service was extremely slow here .
don't frequent if your in a rush .
the service here is absolutely horrible .
the whole experience was completely awkward .
also no mirror at all .
long wong 's was like that , for example .
i don't know how people can eat here .
the food is all grease and fat .
fries are made more of oil than potato .
plus that the coke tasted watered down .
what a terrible experience .
i might however bring my own blue cheese .
told me there was nothing she could do .
fridays , chile 's , etc . )
the pizza tasted fairly plan and very greasy .
this location is their worst .
wings friday night tasted like vinegar .
poor choice to spend your $ $ .
they took my money and never came back .
no drinks ignored my request for napkins .
because the service is a hit or a miss .
my first visit , the servers were very attentive .
do not waste your money on the food !
i won't be eating here ever again .
very disappointed and won't be coming back .
my worst experience ever .
tasted like buffalo sauce .
however , they're getting way too expensive .
such a bad experience !
please change to someone else !
most of the stuff in this place is junk .
the male check out clerk was super rude .
the place seemed dirty and depressing .
not a good selection of beads in my opinion .
this is terrible customer service !
the salsa was alright too .
i ordered a beef tostada and a beef taco .
the beans were nasty .
not the refried beans im used to .
sauce was gross , etc .
i'm not going to come back .
the sauce was the worst thing i've ever eaten .
the chips were even stale .
it didn't feel clean .
just not a good experience .
forget about it as they can't deal with it .
the service here is awful !
no silverware on the tables when we arrived .
even then they couldn't get it right .
the place was empty so they had no excuse .
at least their food is cheap and usually hot !
plus , they also fill up your tires .
we didn't even get an apology for this inconvenience .
if i could give zero stars i would .
this is the worst place ever .
they did not get all the old fluid out .
i missed my class because of that .
don't go to this place .
i will never use jiffy lube again .
no it was funky shrimp that was slightly slimy .
i will never make that mistake again .
i probably won't visit golden egg roll again .
there are too many other places to try .
i am very willing to wait for quality food .
very large portions , but also very pricey .
this place is pretty bad .
no ice , but they only brought one drink .
thanks for the disappointment , golden egg roll .
i'm not even sure where to begin .
i will not order from them again .
i also ordered chicken chow mein .
chinese corn , mushroom , the big peas .
no chow mein some other kind of mein .
the restrooms weren't kept clean enough .
they were one of the worst kept restrooms .
i couldn't enjoy one of the important soccer matches .
online ordering is apparently a gamble .
i'm never gon na eat at this location ever .
the food was cold and our drinks were flat .
the egg foo young is disgusting .
the service is not good either .
i have never been that sick in my life .
went here for lunch today to get mongolian beef .
once i got my food it was obviously cold .
nearly asking for the hours was not enough .
i won't be back .
literally , the next day my hands were sore .
for me it was just ok .
the salsa and chips were the highlight .
the service here is poor .
the food was " ok " - nothing special .
the service on the other hand was horrible .
how no one walked out was beyond me .
they were really friendly though .
standard rice , standard beans .
thankfully , i didn't vomit .
i passed it by laying down for two hours .
it's located on the left side further south .
-the food quality was just ok .
no rice , no beans .
tried this place tonight because husband loves it .
i , however , did not like it .
don't waste your money here .
you would be better off at chipotle .
the beans are homemade so that was a plus .
just not the salsa or chips .
-the decor is awful !
the food was bad .
as in , my chile relleno tasted rotten .
third they are not at all kid friendly .
fourth and the worst thing was the carne asada .
even the salsa couldn't help it .
overall i was disgusted .
overall a very poor place .
sat in bar as i travel often for work .
don't believe the hype .
the service is horrible .
i probably won't be coming back .
it's a little better than this place .
you won't feel rushed !
no cheese or onions in either of our enchiladas .
ceilings tiles are broken .
i felt bad not leaving him a tip .
i am not one to complain .
sorry for bad review .
if you need cleaning , find another cleaner .
i won't be back .
geez get over yourself buddy !
sent me away to get change .
if i could give them negative stars i would .
do not come to this business .
they may have given them to another customer .
poor customer service , a mess of a business .
i hate to do this but this is ridiculous .
unfortunately , don had gone to lunch .
i left my call back number , again .
i was thinking minor work nothing major .
scare tactics is want brake masters is about .
very disappointed in this store .
a few weeks later the radiator starts to leak !
not very informative about what they do .
next stop : jiffy lube !
brake masters never even checked !
so i searched for a car with a/c .
like i was asking him to do my taxes .
please , i would like to know .
i will never return to this store .
mountain dew sucked though .
girl that took our order wasn't very friendly either .
didn't tell anyone to clean up .
one horrible order i had ever made !
she ruined my day .
soggy , falling apart and flavorless .
it was lukewarm and dry !
they're doing some remodeling , but no excuse !
i will not be returning to this location .
the food wasn't terrible .
i would not recommend this location .
they claimed that the driver wouldn't answer their phone .
good thing i'm not vegetarian !
it doesn't taste bad and service is ok .
so sad for me and lack of a pickle .
they ended up correctly it , just annoying .
was not friendly at all .
not worth the calories .
i was not impressed with my salad .
it just bummed me out .
this is not the store for me .
i will not be returning .
i just don't trust them .
the problem is the customer service is usually terrible .
it wasn't like the store was busy .
the the help you get there is terrible .
it didn't surprise me .
bottom line , i wish this store was better .
such a fool i am , duh ?
i will not be returning .
no thanks , see you later somewhere else .
i'm not going back here .
i won't be coming back .
never will i ever give this place another chance .
and that has never happened before .
he was so rude to me .
just because its cheap dont do it .
horrible gel polish job !
i'm going to have to hide my hands .
the shape at first was all bad .
they were not dry .
horrible way to spend a tuesday afternoon .
it was just a complete mess .
this place is a nightmare !
out of principle i will never return there .
terrible place , ripped me off multiple times .
i wish i could give this place zero stars .
it's a legitimate scam .
this used to be my favorite place .
no more weekly stops here for me .
uh , yeah , this place .
no explanation , no courtesy , just no .
nothing special about them .
i wish there was an option for zero stars .
what 's a " bed tax " ?
so even the good stations don't look good .
there was no way to comfortably sleep on it .
the mattress fell through the frame .
apparently the driver never went back to get him .
i do not understand why they wouldn't do this .
the airport shuttle was slow .
he didn't even report a loss light cap .
that is an absolute joke !
this place is terrible .
you never actually get seen at your appointment time .
the receptionist did not look at me .
she was rude to other patients too .
are you kidding me ?
i made another appointment but probably won't keep it .
seems a little shady to me .
i won't be back .
unfortunately , that has n't happened yet .
also , i ordered my entree mild to medium .
hate when they mess that up !
my quest for indian food in the valley continues .
popped in just after noon , its not busy .
i request a booth and decide on the buffet .
now , we all like tuna , sushi style .
one of the worst places i visited recently !
the only vegetables included potatoes and an occasional pea .
what a horrible experience !
the food was just ok , though not remarkable .
i chose this place , and everyone was unhappy .
the food was horrible .
the place was nice looking though .
neither do i anymore .
apparently they don't need the patrons money anymore .
that 's okay , not interested .
beware of terrible service .
would not honor rei 's return policy .
she has horrible customer service skills .
i finished the transaction not wanting to argue .
everyone there is much nicer , in my opinion .
prices were out of this world high .
last mechanic to see it was rei tech .
overall , i would rather go to walmart .
their shipping policy sucks , to put it lightly .
a store with no return policy without receipt ?
i did try them , neither worked for me .
i just do not need it for now .
so i have no choice but keep it .
the service here leaves a lot to be desired .
just left rei and had the worst experience .
rod the manager is so rude and offensive .
i won't be back .
i got white tips and im not too impressed .
just a top gel coat ?
not that long of a procedure .
overall , i wouldn't return .
this place was awful .
this was the worst nail experience i've ever had .
she never said anything to me , though .
do not go to this place !
it was pretty painful and definitely drew blood .
very unprofessional and i will never be back .
i am never going back .
the gel manicures do not last .
the shape of the nails was also poorly done .
my sister 's nails also turned out very weird .
the color also looked bad .
uneven color and chunky in some places .
my nails turned out the worst .
he didn't have me soak my hands at all .
it was an overall painful experience .
it was really depressing .
too many nail places around here .
wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy !
this place deserves zero stars .
today is the worst !
i am never coming here again !
i even gave them a second chance .
no massage even though we paid for it .
she was too nice to say anything .
spare yourself avoid this nail shop .
it was a rip off .
do not get your eyebrows done here !
mama 's not happy !
i would give zero stars if i could .
i find this unacceptable .
your order will not be taken ! "
i'm not real anxious about coming back .
i can't deny that .
at least my teeth won't move . "
worst dentist i've ever went to .
compete waste of my time .
but no , i know how you work .
i was shocked and angry .
even your dental location is a trashy looking place .
even your teeth didn't look that great .
so if anyone wants their time wasted ?
go elsewhere for your dental needs .
other than that , don't bother .
i won't be going back .
i can't imagine going back again .
update : urine and sewage smell has gone away .
cheap bar food and beer .
won't be using their facilities .
personally there are much better options in tempe .
i ordered chicken salad stuffed tomato .
would have preferred a croissant or bagel .
unfortunately , aside from the jam food was unimpressive .
she had no idea what she was doing .
quality service is terrible .
she did not want to help at all .
the copy center staff is rude except for alma .
i called on friday for an update .
but lackluster and without remarkable flavor or texture .
it would be too poorly executed to exist .
will you stop eating crap just because of nostalgia ?
it smelled like sewage and industrial cleaners .
i will not be returning to this location .
generally , a consistent disappointment !
even the garlic toast was meh !
i just sent the following message through their website .
it's going to be a long weekend of sausage .
we were all hungry and this was totally unacceptable .
i was totally looking forward to it.
i was totally looking forward to it.
my pizza was soggy .
the beer is dirt cheap .
awful service , awful food .
the pizza was lukewarm when it arrived .
didn't know this place was here .
first off the location isn't the cleanest .
this place is outdated big time .
tried chili and that was a mistake .
but can't see that happening .
the soup was bland to say the least .
he ate the chicken and left everything else also .
in frustrating , i said " jesus !
i can not agree with lauren v .
it just made me sick !
needless to say , i purchased my tires elsewhere .
uh huh , bad rotors , whatever .
seriously , this place sucks .
avoid this place at all costs .
not so much buddy .
just go to discount tires .
transmission flush not a good idea .
big o tire tempe , you are the worst .
i'd rather give no stars , but oh well .
about a month later another tire had a leak .
i thought my tire was going to fall off .
i said hell no you lied to me .
this place is terrible .
bad service all around .
don't ever go here for anything !
and i only got an oil change .
this big o is shady don't deal with them .
this is where i get pissed !
not a drop of oil spilled .
customer service is seriously lacking .
this place is horrible .
this place is horrible !
they have screwed me over twice already .
what a horrible experience .
that 's not how you handle customer service properly .
that 's not a way to keep business .
unfortunately i had two dishonest situations .
too bad i can't go back anymore .
obviously i will not be going back .
this big o is crap in my opinion .
i won't be back .
don't waste your time at this dump .
i wish their system would not fail me .
things got particularly bad when i moved out .
first off , no , maria .
i didn't even get a second or third notice .
fourth , let 's talk about this ridiculous fee .
it's not really my problem .
it's yours that became mine , isn't it ?
three days later , no response .
its a huge ordeal !
well , she did the most terrible job !
i have not yet received an email .
are you kidding me ?
the walls were paper thin .
this was the worst place i've lived in tempe .
this is by far my worst living experience ever !
she was very rude and talked down to us .
suddenly , i had to pay an additional deposit .
that was very , very difficult .
do not trust these people .
they were so condescending !
don't walk , to anywhere but here !
seriously this place is hell .
just showed up and they were not done .
a week and they're not done ?
i asked for a refund and walked out .
you had my number , could have called .
i'm only off on wednesdays to run these errands .
this place is gross and now haunted .
the decorations were weird , even for christmas .
first the ordering of our food was confusing .
i'm not done yet .
this annoyed him , obviously .
i said , it's not all here yet .
and this is not one of them .
sorry , folks , that 's the truth .
a little annoying for a first timer customer .
the fries are awful .
what a terrible hot dog and brat .
everything about ted 's is mediocre .
the prices are n't that good either .
i don't know what people see in this place .
it doesn't live up to the hype .
just a hot dog .
all in all , we were not impressed .
cook line is slow .
overall they are not cheap for what you get .
bun was slightly stale and hard .
chili dog was average .
chili was below average .
stop charging for refills , ted 's .
but we will not be back .
i would hate to see more food get wasted .
low quality , tasteless hot dog .
the onion rings were decent though .
the service is just horrible .
i threw out most of my food , honestly .
maybe i did not get the right thing .
i would always get the white hot .
kept hearing about this place so tried it .
every week , i try a new restaurant .
she then said i can have whatever i want .
i was not thrilled with this ted 's experience .
not going to be coming back to ted 's .
no new england style buns .
a cheap potato bun doesn't cut it .
they must not be that hungry for money .
i got chili and it was disgusting .
it was full of grease .
the hot dog my man had was nothing great .
and the dog just took over my thoughts anyway .
the mac and cheese was also disappointing .
no flavor : - ( no punch .
my onion rings are awful .
service was the worst thing i have ever seen .
they never put my dog even on the grill .
overpriced and overcrowded for no reason .
i doubt this old establishment will stay in business .
straight out the 80s .
i couldn't take it !
i really , really wanted to like this place .
after my last experience , i won't go back .
your food is crap and always will be crap .
the food was bad i didnt like anything .
i feel like i got robbed .
i am thirsty , unhappy , and still hungry .
( don't put a deposit down on anything .
don't put a deposit down .
the worst place i've ever been to .
worst dry cleaning service ever !
i do not recommend taking your dry cleaning here !
, though they were brand new .
the workers couldn't find my item .
unfortunately , my experience only became worse from here .
very low budget dry cleaner .
i will definitely not be going back here .
worst place for dry cleaning and laundry .
no wait at home depot .
no one knows where my paper work is .
who the hell runs this school ?
the waiting room is a sad sad sight .
nothing odd there right ?
it was really bad .
in my case it was a miss .
i sent out a check for that month .
worst service i've had in years .
the place is nice but totally not worth it .
it's not worth it at all .
cause the alternative is one boring salad choice .
i can't believe i tipped that jerk .
don't waste your money on the food !
probably won't go back .
buffalo chicken was like mcdonald 's chicken nuggets .
terrible and inexperienced service .
it wasn't bad , but , i expected more .
not in my humble opinion .
too dark and loud .
some tables have very poor views .
will not eat there again .
the view was better than the food and service .
i couldn't even taste the steak .
just bland and boring .
oh , and the wine list is weak .
i was very disappointed .
service was beyond slow .
salads , not main course .
no apology , nothing .
never , never , never !
what a gigantic disappointment !
believe the bad reviews here .
i wish i had more , but i don't .
my free beer was their citrus beer .
it wasn't worth it .
except the guy filling waters and cleaning plates .
wow one of the worst .
the salmon was raw , my steak was tough .
this place is awful .
my husband 's pasta was inedible .
the entree was pathetic !
my cocktail was tasty , no complaints there .
this restaurant is sadly disappointing .
main course was cold and bland .
wouldn't recommend or go there again .
brought me the wrong entree .
more like just another restaurant attached to a hotel .
an education of the waitstaff would be helpful .
the dessert was the worst .
the guacamole was pretty mediocre .
the signature bistro steak was so bland .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
better spend ur money elsewhere .
but we were put in booth without a view .
it was a very sad looking plate .
the menu didn't have a huge variety .
ate here again last night and it was disappointing .
too bad - because it's pricey .
i've had better steaks for a way less price .
it was ok but no big deal .
took one bite and it tasted very badly burnt .
yesterday i had to kill some small flying thing .
it was late , i was tired .
please , don't stay here .
i booked a room with a king size bed .
my colleague and i went out to dinner .
avoid it at all costs .
the downside was communication amongst employees was awful !
there was nothing wrong with my ac !
i probably won't be back .
key to room failed .
waited 30+ minutes to get assistance .
for a marriott , this place sure did disappoint .
the room looked run down and cheap .
at least on a low setting ?
would give this shit place zero stars if possible .
he was very unprofessional and rude .
seems a little backwards to me !
the communication among the front desk staff was ridiculous .
i did not stay at this hotel .
i find marriott 's lack of customer service appalling .
this is not acceptable behavior .
unfortunately , the room did not allow that .
classic bad business : under delivering after over promising .
it was a waste of money .
needless to say i won't be returning .
spend your hard earned money elsewhere .
on the bright side , the spa was fabulous .
not just slow , but wrong .
my food , a pizza , was not great .
wow no help and rude .
if i could give zero stars i would .
typical reaction of a giant company against one customer .
my room is still not ready !
someone was smoking pot heavily .
if you value customer service don't stay here .
food service around pool could offer better options .
there is nothing around the resort though .
i kinda felt like i was stuck there .
beautiful setting but horrible service especially at the pool .
then he demanded my charge card .
beware , will never return to this resort .
this hotel staff is awful .
this hotel staff is awful .
second , the pool area is a nightmare .
someone is clearly not doing their job .
maybe a bad day , who knows .
sad to see really .
we will not be back .
don't stay there , that is ridiculous .
as they just don't care .
it was very unpleasant .
it wasn't anything special .
the room was clean just small .
the customer service is not there .
problem is still there .
lack of attention to detail .
first encounter upon check-in was not good .
the staff needs major upgrade on customer service skills .
their fish and produce was gross !
my air conditioner in my car was not blowing .
below par chinese msg .
the white rice was hard and cold .
so i will never stop here again .
avoid at all costs .
that is information the average person would not know .
i would not recommend this floral shop .
but this is not .
worst of all they didn't bother to explain why .
but the other set is really bad .
acura of tempe service department are rip off artists !
will never do business with this dealership again .
it was the manicure that changed my whole experience .
this wasn't the worst part .
from the start she was not very friendly .
the things they sale are over priced period .
she didn't do the same thing this time though .
that is not a trim .
there is nothing that can be fixed .
this hotel is disgusting .
the room stinks as well .
i don't really write reviews , this hotel sucks !
i checked in on monday night no problem .
which doesn't make any sense .
also , the complimentary breakfast was a joke .
there were only waffles and cereal .
the breakfast was gross .
this place is disgusting .
i feel dirty for even walking in the room .
this place is disgusting !
they are such a rip off !
you didn't bother telling anyone ?
the rooms were small and outdated and barely clean .
the pool was shut down by the county .
did i ever leave disappointed .
dude , get over yourself .
not a good experience staying here .
the cashier was very slow .
i mean , they get paid to do that !
no wonder this place has such bad reviews .
life is too short .
so i gave this one a try .
my cart doesn't roll straight .
there are no baskets , just carts .
fifty cent clearance plastic margarita glasses .
they've never checked my receipt at the exit .
patrons leave their carts at the bus stop .
hardly any selection on halloween make up .
one star for lack of open registers .
the problem is the store .
i have shopped here on many occasions .
i mean , i get it , it's walmart .
they're gross in general .
if i could give zero stars i would .
i am thoroughly disappointed and extremely angry .
never again will i step foot in that store .
there are never any open registers .
the produce is disgusting .
terrible , slow customer service .
this walmart is ridiculous .
there are hardly any cashiers available .
worst walmart in town .
you can't even trust your customers ?
that is not a good thing by the way .
this place however has earned it .
worst wal-mart in arizona .
they always have crap all over the place .
i didn't realize it before it was too late .
i am not going back another visit .
this was my first visit here .
they ended up looking ok , but sloppy .
i will not be back , ever .
i stopped by because my regular salon was booked .
it was so disappointing that he didn't apologize .
he didn't care if i stayed or left .
she was not friendly .
she was so rude !
my nails ended up horrible !
maybe my last experience was a fluke .
-- -- -- they never run through your file !
but no one called me on monday .
-- -- however no one called me back .
last time they fell on their face for me .
would not recommend them for anything !
never missed a payment .
yet another bank that just flat out sucks !
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
i said no again .
she was still rude and unhelpful .
the worst medical facility ever !
would never go back to the urgent care again .
my complaint is with the strange wait times .
i will never use another pure fitness gym again .
i canceled my membership at that point .
only they sell new furniture instead of used cars .
she is being rude " .
not even going to mention the lack of service .
wow , was she rude !
don't waste your time .
highly disappointed and will never go back .
i will also leave a negative review online .
worst service i have ever seen .
ruined the whole nice sectional experience for us .
this location was extremely disappointing .
the protection plan is a rip off .
most of the stuff is cheap .
stay far away from this place .
supposedly he wasn't there .
he refused to even consider it .
my husband , son and i were super tired .
she was not as helpful as i thought .
my order was completely wrong .
i was sadly mistaken .
it does not work again .
i am annoyed and irritated .
do not make a mistake like i did .
just had a pair of jeans hemmed here .
the job was quick , but mediocre .
will not be back .
she didn't do anything but spend thirty seconds .
this is not the place .
would not recommend this place to an enemy .
avoid this location at all costs !
this isn't the doctors office it's tires .
no respect for repeat customers or their time .
my coworker and i stopped there got lunch yesterday .
couldn't wait to get home .
this place is a huge mess .
but i can't do it .
this place was a disaster !
they even charge an entrance fee .
not my type of place i admit .
too bad too , and management doesn't care .
too bad it never came !
we just will not be coming back .
my wife 's food was cold .
i asked for cheese ravioli with non meat sauce .
vegetarian check your plates .
i wish there were - starts .
this place is the rudest place i've been .
( really ppl , it's arizona ) .
this isn't a danny 's family car wash .
doesn't even look in your direction .
bad customer service really gets under my skin .
she was down right rude to me .
she had the worst attitude .
general manager is super rude .
leave me alone and just let me work out .
i felt bad because it was his birthday .
total waste of time .
glad i did my homework .
slow to get your car back for oil change .
i would never recommend this car dealership to anyone .
it was one bad situation after another .
the whole experience was a waste of time .
he could not find anything wrong with the car .
he said he would email it to me .
they choose wrong and guess what ?
the problem was never fixed !
the service department does not deserve even one star !
i scheduled an oil change and tire rotation .
his behavior was very rude and unprofessional !
i wish i could give negative stars !
how could they mess that up ?
that wasn't the problem .
as in didn't bite .
i was seconds away from walking out .
this is shady horrific .
but for fried pickles they still weren't the best .
i ordered some chili and it was ok .
we won't be going back .
not my choice in spending a friday night .
the bathrooms are dirty and need an update .
waste of my time !
however , this particular one pissed me off today .
i just had a terrible first experience here .
what business doesn't have a pen ?
by far the worst bagel shop in town .
floors are disgusting as well .
no one was there .
soon , i guess , meant another five minutes .
i was very disappointed tonight .
they have very poor service .
horrible and non caring " customer service " .
this was the worst , ever !
towels are rough , torn and stained .
no televisions on the cardio equipment .
makes me a little nervous about auto pay .
sad considering how nice it was when we joined .
not worth the price at all .
nickel and dime you to death , stay away !
the nickel and dining is the worst .
just cancelled my membership .
i have little ones who take swim lessons .
it made my kids uncomfortable .
a mistake , no doubt .
avoid at all costs .
awful , awful , awful !
the whole experience was a nightmare !
other customers were laughing at me !
these people are beyond rude !
they did a terrible job .
they didn't even last a week .
bank of america as a whole sucks .
they are ridiculously slow .
they really are dumb .
service is now painfully slow .
avoid until the change management again .
it again comes down to being too much effort .
the tuna didn't taste fresh .
its just not my kind of food .
i am not even sure .
i don't even remember it .
i have no idea who goes to this restaurant .
the bread is hot but nothing to rave over .
underneath , the chicken was dry and overdone .
it did seem clean , i'll give them that .
i would not recommend this salon .
it was kind of bland .
this wasn't that type of experience .
at that point , i just wanted to leave .
" just for me " my foot .
: ( so disappointed .
looks like we'll be sticking with pizza hut .
this is a terrible dominos location .
undercooked pizza crust is unpleasant .
they don't even carry the drum heads i use .
i always use them when i play jazz . "
poor mic selection too .
why you may ask ?
i didn't make it that far .
i won't be back .
no greeting , no help .
passed 4-5 employees , nothing .
same thing goes for a lot of other gear .
this safeway isn't worth your time or money !
this store never has enough cashiers .
but not this place .
won't be going here very often .
i ordered a double cheese plain .
the meat didnt taste like meat .
first of all , i would give no stars .
she was rude and inconsiderate .
our experience with this store has not been positive .
so she tried to adjust the price .
are you kidding me ?
no one asked how i was or said hello .
the tech took me to a waiting room .
she did not explain what was going on .
she was with zero professional communication .
i just don't understand it .
the nails look terrible .
otherwise , i would look elsewhere .
anywho , we come in and request for helen .
you have lost my business for good .
well i shouldn't have even gone here .
not the same , not great .
look , chain restaurants limit choice .
we should know better than to go in one .
training , training , training .
there would have been absolutely no room for food !
um , why wasn't that done to begin with ?
don't waste your time or money !
sadly , i have given up on this restaurant .
i would not waste your time going here .
server was nice , just really slow .
worst take out service ever .
but everything else was poor .
the salad and soup were just okay .
the breadsticks -- so disappointing .
it is not chicken , i swear to you .
he was oh sorry & walked away .
the food came out cold though .
witnessed one gentleman send his plate back .
i have got to remember to stop going there .
i won't go back again .
i need this handled before 8pm .
i'm really bummed , yelpers .
but shouldn't all of that be a given ?
we didn't even bother with the frozen yogurt .
no fair , yc 's .
sat down to eat , was not impressed .
suffice to say , i do not recommend .
this place really isn't bad .
it just isn't great .
i used to love yc 's and went frequently .
one of them has severe peanut and seafood allergies .
and play dumb like you don't understand them ! "
beyond inappropriate and dangerous !
now remember this is not a buffet .
that is why there are two sizes .
i will not pay for to go bowls .
you are not a buffet .
i found the food bland for my taste .
the food is alright nothing out of the ordinary .
but the food was just ok.
it's not very good .
long wait at times though very frustrating .
nope , not anymore !
that 's half the reason why this place rocks !
what the hell dude ?
service was slow , and the place isn't clean .
trash outside was overflowing and there were flies everywhere !
we won't be going back .
not worth the wait for me .
for that , i am appreciative .
it's filthy ; they're slow .
this place gets my food wrong all the time .
every time i go here it's an awful experience .
change ur dang grease !
the employees also don't seem very friendly .
i avoid this place as much as i can .
shouldn't that be included in a pedicure ?
my lip wax was also not executed correctly .
but the service didn't match the decor .
couldn't wait to get out of there .
will not be back !
quality nails is not .
the techs rushed thru my pedi and fill .
they are so unprofessional here its unbelievable .
yet she treats me like scum .
i couldn't believe it !
they suck so just don't even bother !
absolute worst gel manicure !
it was horribly uncomfortable and very unprofessional .
i will not be back .
the lady that did my nails was rude .
i refused because i was already upset .
he trusted me , and ordered anyway .
the last pizza was horrible !
the white pizza was the worst .
i don't like this .
what a waste of money !
the pizza should have been free !
no door knock , no introduction , nothing .
overall i will not order from rosati 's again .
they just raised their already high prices even higher .
could have spent half as much .
the problem we typically have are long delivery times .
the staff there always seems tired and unhealthy .
it's an empty building .
worst customer service ever !
i have never been this disrespected by a company .
terrible salon , terrible customer service .
well no one was there .
nothing special unless your going to the scottsdale location .
it's a very generic americanized version of italian food .
it tastes very similar to the macaroni grill .
i won't go back .
the food wasn't bad but it was bland .
the service and decor are mediocre .
this place was horrible !
and the food wasn't even that good .
no warning on the menu about it !
sauce wasn't spectacular though .
this is where i have to complain .
having said that , i had a seafood ravioli .
i can't remember what hubby ate .
we didn't get bread refilled .
the rosemary olive oil was nice though .
the negatives were in fact all of the food .
my veal piccata was an oily salt lick .
this experience was so disappointing !
both were lacking salt .
it was also lacking in the taste department .
it was so disappointing !
the family thought it was all terrible .
the pizza was soggy and just tasted of garlic .
one pasta dish was completely bland .
it just tasted like nothing .
which is why i find this confusing and upsetting .
i also believe the pasta was not homemade .
it looked pretty but did not taste great .
also the pasta did not taste homemade .
if we take both we will loose money .
there 's no wonder they don't have business .
this place is so strange .
we went there and it was dead .
that should have been a warning .
way too expensive for bland food .
waters came with black things floating around in them .
so i will never be back .
if you want good italian food , keep searching .
my sister ordered the sausage and pepper risotto .
the risotto was completely undercooked .
she chose the osso bucco which came with risotto .
unfortunately my meal was horrible .
can't speak about the food- couldn't get that far !
there is no need to add in the fee .
so many things wrong with this place .
it's karaoke , don't take yourself so damn seriously !
this just isn't my kind of dive .
outdated television sets mixed with some flat screens .
they have karaoke during the evenings most every night .
they asked me to come back the next week .
he " was not a fan " of them .
like i said , i don't use it often .
i'm going to find another doctor .
can i give zero stars ?
it is sad , embarrassing , and extremely frustrating .
thank you for your prompt response .
we'll start at the beginning .
i'm not talking complicated stuff here either .
only reason i went here was for a dr .
however , each year they get worse .
this place is horrible at so many things .
upsell , upsell , upsell at this place .
not cool , guys !
deeply disappointed with this practice and medical advice .
do not recommend at all .
staff is rude and doctors are impersonal .
none of that was in the conversation .
i wish doc mike had better help .
do not use this place .
do not give them your charge card !
do not go here , go somewhere else .
that 's when things got much worse .
i finished the medication but was very ill still .
i am not pregnant , never been pregnant .
don't go if you're looking for a real doctor !
because we didn't actually get a diagnosis .
i'm sure three times the normal price .
my fat cat gets better care than that !
waste of everyone 's time .
really makes me feel cared about .
the pa and medical assistant were terrible .
i left very unhappy with my pedicure .
the customer service was just not good .
got a pedicure and left extremely unhappy .
for starters , the place looks messy and unwelcoming .
not happy and wont return .
i am not a fan of the prices !
however i am unsure about the customer service .
i was definitely put off by that .
i am never going back !
i just can not tolerate such poor customer service .
i wasn't very impressed with the customer service .
it's worse than any other salon i've been to .
according to other reviews , this is nothing new .
not worth the price for me .
what a messy place !
not worth my time .
well how wrong was my take on that .
be warned -- stay away !
the sushi was not good .
anyway , i felt that the food was mediocre .
couldn't even taste what was inside .
the wait staff was very friendly .
first , the service was horrible .
not a great way to start my all-you-can-eat experience .
probably my first & last time here .
started off ok then each week got worse .
even this renovated store is a disappointment .
my experience was underwhelming .
r they going out of business ?
the food is tasteless and horrible .
it gives fast food a bad name .
this taco bell is terrible .
needless to say they lost a customer last night .
used the drive through for my son tonight .
the food doesn't taste as good as others locations .
has to be china , or possibly hell .
garlic bread was cold !
the place needs a facelift , badly .
i'm so frustrated with the restaurant and service industry .
won't be going back .
wait staff seemed like they'd rather be elsewhere .
i will not eat at this applebee 's again .
ordered half off apps menu .
you couldn't order more than one per person .
and no it wasn't busy .
every applebee 's is always cold .
don't know why they are all closing !
why is every place going downhill ?
drinks ordered and arrived quickly .
we were a little slow ordering .
this time i was not disappointed .
that 's not how you sell .
but the service is always horrible .
the drinks are the worst !
if you hate your job why work there ?
prices went up and portions went down .
then i was hung up on !
this place is a train wreck .
no manager in sight .
no , the weather is not their fault .
i couldn't wait to get out of there .
worst customer service i have ever received .
do not buy from this store .
and no japanese curry ?
the chicken is dry when i order white meat .
i got a chicken teriyaki bowl with white chicken .
this place is not good .
it's the worst place ever !
food was bland and not very good .
the food is too expensive .
the portions are n't very good for the price .
needless to say i won't be coming back .
i won't go back to this location .
tips jars for what exactly ?
stay away unless you want vomit .
so we took it , not everything fit !
i was very sick .
he looked at me like really .
he seemed unhappy about that .
ah , well , why ?
other than that , stay away !
anyways , thats beside the point .
they really could improve their on-site service .
the sitting areas and tables are in poor display .
i don't remember the bathrooms .
waste of time and money !
no lighting on most holes .
seems unsafe and dirty .
not worth the bother .
the food is okay , nothing special .
i wish i could give no stars .
this is just gross !
this red robin is sad and old .
the food is the big problem at this location .
no sports package at a popular burger place ?
i didn't finish my food .
our server was nice but slow .
i will not be coming back .
not a good place to watch the nfl .
plates were chipped on corners .
red robin , you're breaking my heart .
it should not be called a hospital .
the whole experience was bad .
it's terrible to call customers and attack them lol .
customer service is really lacking .
this experience convinced me to take my business elsewhere !
they are sleazy and unreliable .
worst experience ever for vehicle maintenance .
so - thanks hyundai tempe for being so deceiving .
they have lost my car on two separate occasion .
the salesman was very rude to my wife .
absolutely worst service department we have ever dealt with .
bad enough to drive anyone crazy while driving .
four hours and still no oil change .
do not buy from this dealership .
absolutely worst service department we have ever dealt with .
bad enough to drive anyone crazy while driving .
four hours and still no oil change .
do not buy from this dealership .
this dealer is just pathetic .
we really regret buying from them .
will not go back .
i walked out and left .
i will try to make this short .
customer service went downhill .
wish i could tell you .
i called monday and left a message .
low pressure and she answered all our questions .
no help from the dealership .
we wait and wait and wait .
they do not care about the service quality .
this is unacceptable and shows their awful customer service .
this comment stated for me to call the gm ?
they don't even have the title to our car .
i won't be back .
that night , i had no dash lights .
jiffy lube national customer service was not much better .
fast food just does not get it .
this company must have idiots in their marketing department .
the medium was too large .
isn't that their jobs ?
they also look miserable .
he had never done this before .
again the next night , but less so .
obviously , he wasn't being provided with water .
the worst pet store in the valley .
she was even worse than the clerk !
ashley and the girl cashier are awful .
female night manager is so rude !
the professionalism was ridiculous as well .
and noticed blood running down my dog 's neck .
are n't there cameras ?
do they not clean up dogs who have anxiety ?
he couldn't care less .
i said why not .
this place is horrible .
the overall experience was mediocre at best .
the atmosphere was naturally very loud .
seems a little high for a 5:30 time slot .
it wasn't even that hot either .
both times i walked out disappointed .
the chicken is lost in the heavy breading .
servers walked by and no one acknowledged us .
bww didn't win me as a customer .
but i didn't love buffalo wild wings .
so , so , so greasy - yuck !
which to me , are way too sugary .
their service is terrible .
flatbread was awful and the wings were just ok .
unfortunately , it was worse than previous experiences .
this place is nasty .
someone in that kitchen isn't cooking food right .
get order home and again it is not right .
this is not a gourmet dinning .
wings were not good as well .
in a word disappointing .
tonight was the worst experience ever .
so we walked out , starving and all .
we will never return again .
no sorry or anything .
lame in every sense of the word .
not the service or the food .
because both of this things sucked .
mean while my daughter is hungry and getting tired .
hmm i know there was more to this salad .
i recall reading carrots and various cheeses .
dinner was a waste of time and money .
went back after the owner replied to my review .
unfortunately it's just about impossible .
no kidding second time had hair in the nachos !
bottom line the place is managed poorly .
horrible way to run a business !
the cheesecake bites were so terrible .
the service was terrible as well .
but the waitress seemed really flaky and very unfriendly .
i felt uncomfortable talking to her .
i hated this place .
needless to say we did not eat there .
i ordered wings , ate and was fine .
they don't serve broken , bloody wings .
her actual response was disappointing to say the least .
overall , this place is really inconsistent .
he doesn't live up to the name !
the food has little to be desired .
she met minimum standards of professionalism and friendliness .
floor was dirty , waitress wasn't friendly at all .
ceiling tiles were water stained .
eggs were cold , coffee was luke warm .
service was very poor .
that 's not including other items we ask for .
worst denny 's experience by far .
this was yet another disappointing visit to denny 's .
thanks but no thanks !
waitress with an attitude , manager with lies .
the service here was so bad i almost cried !
nothing that should be that difficult .
pancakes would not even melt butter .
the manager is useless .
the equipment , while not bad is old .
and fan motor recently failed ) .
i feel this was unacceptable .
by them as part of their inspection .
warner vista was closed til monday .
( she couldn't even walk !
you have been warned .
( she couldn't even walk !
my buddy wasn't too happy either .
will not be back .
so i can not judge it .
i said ok no big deal .
second visit : very disappointed !
are you kidding me ?
not sure who is going to sit here .
karen at the register is rude and off putting .
avoid this location at all costs .
( unless you like being ripped off ) .
not helpful at all .
attitude , attitude , attitude .
how long had it been sitting there anyways ?
also , the bathrooms were disgusting .
and it's not hard to see why .
the free popcorn is such a lie .
bad taste in my mouth .
this is an old and outdated theater .
thats crazy assigned seats !
every single trash can was overflowing .
ladies bathroom was disgusting .
i'm skipping regal in the future .
long lines at the concession stand .
i , seriously , don't understand these good reviews .
everything looks and feels cheap and dirty .
it's very difficult with a tub .
the process took way to long though .
just to upgrade and get set up took hours !
will not be returning to this location .
the service just gets worse .
the greens were pretty bad too .
they're very firm and inconsistent .
worst bunkers in all of golf .
there is no excuse for that .
greens are rough as well .
they're are also very accommodating and responsive .
i gave it one star for my last visit .
go to lowes on way home from dog park .
i tell him i'm trying to reach garden .
they don't trust their customer .
so think twice before you goto lowes .
if you're looking for name brands , forget it .
it's got nothing here .
their shelves and racks are hardly ever stocked .
don't waste your time here .
want your customers to come back ?
overall , i would recommend not shopping here .
they don't make up for that .
my nail tech as awful .
the chairs was old and actually hurt .
would not recommend this place to anyone .
this place is awful !
today was an unimpressive day for bk .
but , not all is lost .
i'm done being disappointed by burger king .
man was i wrong !
very disappointed i will never go back .
can i give zero stars ?
canned peas and carrots in shrimp with lobster sauce .
worst chinese food i've ever had .
the sauce for the pork was bland .
the food was horrible .
the broth in the wonton soup tasted like water .
very bizarre , not good .
fried rice was pretty bland .
will not be returning .
i ordered for delivery and the food was horrible !
doesn't stand out , wasn't terrible .
there are better options in the area .
however the customer service is terrible !
that can't be sanitary .
worst chinese food i have ever had and overpriced .
i can't believe it had so many good reviews .
she could not have cared less .
i was starving so i took it .
orange sauce spilled all over the containers .
peter , the owner called .
i did not at any point yell .
not at all how the pics look !
chicken egg foo young comes in a box ?
don't waste your time or money .
this was not worth the money , very disappointed .
delivery was okay didn't take too long .
crab puffs had a sour taste to them .
eventually , someone gets it closed .
apparently they couldn't manage to close that properly either .
avoid this location like the plague .
a long time customer seeking service elsewhere .
these guys are a rip off .
the management are rude and unprofessional .
i am now taking my business elsewhere .
needless to say , a terrible customer experience .
beware of big o tires !
avoid at all costs !
unacceptable , i'll never return to a big o .
yelp 's rating of this places doesn't lie .
a returning loyal customer has been lost today .
i think their overall rating speaks for itself .
wow , total failure on the most basic stuff .
will never go back to big o .
i thought they were rude and unprofessional .
ok we thought , still not bad .
we were quite disappointed .
i was advised for new tires due to wear .
this is not safe .
probably won't go here again .
so i guess there is that .
do not go to this one .
you lost another customer .
not run well at all !
no one at target can help u either .
not run well at all !
no one at target can help u either .
my most recent one being the worst .
very very very poor customer service by jesse .
the food there is average .
sometimes the chili has zero beans in it .
i will be avoiding this location from now on .
really disappointed with the treatment from this place .
skip this location if you need car work !
i left after an hour with nothing .
i do not recommend this clinic to anyone .
i will be going to an urgent care tonight .
not patient care , and not acting professionally .
and it's just terrible now .
lettuce is almost always empty .
none of the workers care .
i talked to a manager named madison .
she said , " oh it's senior wednesday . "
long story , but i'm getting tired of it .
no attempt to allow me to leave .
she was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i just can not handle extremely poor customer service .
they will not be getting my business .
thus school is very poorly organized .
not a sanitary place ; will never go back .
don't waste your money !
not going back again .
burnt my eye when tammy was waxing my eyebrows .
very disappointed with the service lately .
the employees have no idea what they are doing .
and then it didn't even go through .
avoid this location at all costs .
they can't even scan & email .
avoid this location at all cost .
got the order wrong at the order window .
got the order wrong at the pay window .
got the order wrong at the pickup window .
avoid them like the plague .
i'm so confused by some of these reviews .
the venue is beautiful but the staff is horrible .
terrible management and awful customer service .
i would never suggest this venue to anyone !
this was when it got frustrating .
overall , very unpleasant .
first impression of ownership and professionalism was very poor .
from the beginning he was rude and cold .
i didn't even know how to respond to him .
however , the tacos didn't cut it .
the food however was terrible !
i couldn't eat it !
i won't be back .
probably the worst mexican food i have ever had .
beans tasted like they came out of a can .
shredded beef was bland and tasteless .
the food was pretty mediocre .
we won't be back , unfortunately .
i've been here a few times .
it is decorated like a mexican restaurant .
prices were higher than other mom and pop places .
i really wish it had been better .
i am not spending money in your store .
lindsay pharmacy is horrible !
the receptionist was clueless and disinterested .
we'll see how the appointment goes next week .
i would not use this car wash again .
the whole place is dirty .
the wash itself was not so good .
i won't be back .
not run well at all !
no one at target can help u either .
this is tex-mex cafeteria food .
the food does not taste horrible .
so here is why chipotle gets two stars .
i am not proud .
why do i repeatedly torture myself for mediocre food ?
the employees here are unbelievable .
( it's supposed to be a warm salad ) .
my husband said , why did you do that ?
they didn't rush you .
ultimately i couldn't eat the soaked and soggy concoction .
half the line behind me walked out .
got one tonight and it's falling all apart again .
chipotle , you used to be good to me .
now , only friendly staffs .
the meats are not cooked or prepared right either .
down right rude customer service skills .
i can't believe the positive reviews listed here .
the food is marginal , not authentic .
the quality of the ingredients is poor to fair .
the only saving grace is the low prices .
the lost me as a customer tonight .
they are off of our dining list .
she just had excuses up the wall .
the service was very slow .
everything else , however , was dang near inedible .
but i was starving and they had peanuts .
unfortunately , it didn't apply for take out .
the fun doesn't end there !
this one is no where near as good .
but not this one .
too expensive for what you get .
it has really gone downhill .
the quality of the food is inconsistent .
she was not friendly at all .
the food is just ok .
we were rather disappointed .
not a very good lunch at all .
the server told us to f @ * ?
so very disappointed in this establishment .
the food was mediocre at best .
i am so pissed now .
the manager did refund my money .
i am so mad right now .
price wasn't bad & those were pretty tasty !
they have very poor customer service and very rude .
they lost my business forever .
not worth the savings .
clearly i won't be ordering from this location again .
this store loves to mess up orders apparently .
but tonight was not that case .
never again will i go to this jiffy lube .
are you kidding me ?
i would steer clear of this business .
i do not recommend .
no big deal - stuff happens .
not much else to it .
the pizza is just ok .
the pizza is just bland and boring .
i'm not sure why i went in today .
this was a terrible experience .
they continuously asked me if i had another receipt .
i could not believe it !
this is totally inconsiderate behavior to other customers .
this target however , is a freaking let down .
target is supposed to have everything .
i'm getting frustrated just thinking about it .
unless its an emergency .
but only if i absolutely have to .
i refuse to make a purchase here .
one star because zero isn't an option .
the manager is incompetent .
i refuse to shop here again .
when taking you exam there is no quiet place .
most classes get out early - sometimes two hours !
this is a terrible place .
do not go there by any means .
but this location is horrible !
their service is horrible .
would not recommend this location to anyone .
i won't be coming back to this place .
the teriyaki sauce was too sweet .
i'm sorry - we don't have sushi today . "
i ordered the teriyaki chicken bowl .
don't buy the sushi here .
the flavor is bland .
can't believe i went here for a sushi .
the chicken and teriyaki flavor was way off .
people really should read up on body language .
i would not recommend this groomer .
she never even said she felt bad .
i use to really liked this pet groomer .
i was very angry and i let her know .
pushy , dishonest gym membership sales .
the men 's locker room is disgusting .
their excuse , they were waiting for parts .
that 's why i go to lowes .
telling him the other girl should not have left .
did not get acknowledged by either of them .
even worse than your typical home depot experience .
he told us that we had wasted his time .
she said she was sorry again .
he said " yeah , whatever ! "
but i hate , hate , hate the shoes .
they are the most uncomfortable shoes i ever bought .
it was not the sales person 's fault .
but i will not go back .
foot solution was not the solution .
very disappointing to be treated that way .
the rotation for the karaoke was awful !
i have been here before , its a bar !
i went there tonight to hear live music .
i left without spending a cent in the place .
absolutely no paper towels or soap .
no locks on the stall 's .
worst place to visit in glendale .
i can not stress that enough .
this is where they got really rude .
i explained we didnt have bottled waters .
she just ignored me .
i won't be coming back .
i would not recommend this place .
it ain't a scottsdale club !
went here for someone 's birthday tonight .
if you're a female do not go here .
not the newest or greatest or cheapest .
went on a friday at noon .
dirty , bad area .
won't be going back .
the staff walked by like i didn't matter .
they didn't even help me get out the door .
they blew me off .
she instantly offered to refund our money .
overpriced and disgusting food .
time to hire a new guy in financial planning .
this college is one headache after another .
i'm sorry , i thought you worked here .
this school is a headache to deal with .
i do not recommend anyone to this college .
but not great either .
only went cause friends invited .
it's just not very good .
the caesar salad was abysmal .
how do you mess up salad ?
i thought that was a little rude .
not a big deal , these things happen .
this applebees is just sad .
for awful service , dirty tables and inattentive staff .
bad start to a even worse meal .
she didn't even offer to correct anything .
no coupon or advertised special could bring us back .
service was so slow .
three staff were standing at the entrance .
other tables had food and trash on the floor .
the food was marginal at best .
the chicken tortilla soup should be called tortilla soup .
it literally had no chicken in it whatsoever .
everything else was obviously made from frozen .
had spinach artichoke dip and macaroni and cheese .
not great but nothing to be upset about .
my chicken wings were cold .
the service is terrible .
your service is awful .
service was ok but the food was just terrible .
did not suit my needs .
food was not good at all today .
hands down never coming back !
both of us were thrown off by that .
also the potatoes were cold .
the service was terrible .
i won't be back .
but i ordered the bourbon chicken and shrimp .
no buffalo stuff anywhere .
probably a big mistake on their part .
service is not their strong suit .
the noodles where uninspired and had no flavor .
what a waste of money .
thats how bad it was .
food was not very good tonight .
the wings were very small and very very dry .
zero customer service skills .
but this isn't new york .
now it's so bad !
it was a little dry .
i need to stop drinking and eating here .
service wasn't that great and food was crap .
now my experience was not that great either .
i'm not exaggerating here .
the quality of service desperately needs attention !
this was just a horrible experience .
won't be back to this location .
not in a rush to visit again .
friendly but inexperienced waitress .
order was cold mess .
i can't even call it a hot mess .
they certainly were not real .
don't get me wrong , i love ihop .
will never go to this ihop again
the cleanliness of ihop is always not so great .
food at ihop isn't that great .
i wouldn't recommend ihop to anyone .
chorizo burrito added bacon and potatoes .
there low prices for sure .
they try too make there food like them anyways !
shredded beef in our tacos was burnt .
the place was gross .
my boyfriend was very hungry .
the whole rotisserie chicken was pale and rubbery .
very poor quality chicken .
my cherry limeade had no cherry .
i was not pleased with this sonic .
thoroughly arrogant or just plain stupid .
his demeanor was rude cold and short .
wish i had not gone .
out of ten nail not s signal one matches .
did not offer to fix the problem .
he wasn't a very pleasant man .
overall , the lackluster service will keep us away .
the food then was to die .
when we got there , the place was empty .
that should have been the first clue .
but consider yourself warned .
both times each dish was dry .
i didn't like the food much .
i would recommend this but not the food .
it is the worst thai food ever !
this place is not good .
yelpers really let me down on this one !
then the main dishes ?
i am very unsatisfied with my experience .
the other times , not good at all .
needless to say , i walked out .
the staff here is very rude and very unprofessional !
staff really acts like is they know everything .
please avoid this location .
they will fail you .
their curly fries are always soggy and cold .
their hamburgers are cold and seems to be undercooked .
not worth the food poisoning .
( supreme croissant ) .
go the nearby mcdonalds instead .
i will not go back .
i didn't even pay for my drinks .
i just couldn't be impressed .
but let 's get down to business .
the bar was terrible .
the selection was sparse , and disorganized .
the patio is also awkward .
this to me is never a good sign .
but no rice ) .
i will not be going back .
this place has terrible customer service .
everyone besides the girl are very rude .
honestly i leave there confused everytime .
just kill the chips on your shoulders .
they always have a bad attitude .
i'd spend my money elsewhere .
again , she was fairly rude over the phone .
sort of ruined my day .
unfortunately , i was wrong .
the dr did not inquire on my pain level .
this place is horrible .
nothing special about the place- just a neighborhood dive .
they are a nightmare !
it was crispy , not overly sweet or spicey .
then it became painful .
very mediocre chinese food .
therefore , you will never have my business .
the groomer said no problem we can do that .
is there not even one that has decent food ?
not very good mexican food at all .
however the waiter was rude and very unhelpful .
the service was lackluster .
these are terrible ! "
we were very disappointed with our meal .
but can't he refill drinks too ?
it was completely bland , boring and unappetizing .
sadly i say , " no more . "
it wasn't too substantial .
the food was annoying .
the waiter was incredibly rude and impatient .
he walked away as we were ordering .
won't be back ever again .
so i walked out .
such rude and careless service .
nope , that won't do .
the sauce taste like salsa filler .
the wings were a soggy mess .
honestly the prices are too high .
we were hungry and tired and talked to manager .
she was snotty and rude .
customer service still horrible .
ruined the whole surprise .
wish i could post a picture on here .
this place is absolutely horrible .
i am looking forward to meeting them in person .
this place was not a good experience .
my husband knocked , proceeded to open the door .
have to say disappointed .
i had the absolute worst experience at this location .
they are really terrible .
they need to stop !
noodles are overcooked , almost mushy .
i hate being so negative too .
he lost several customers tonight .
wouldn't recommend this bar .
they still kind of act rude .
the drinks are watered down .
ummm , you like sticky bar top ?
maricopa county health dept .
needs to shut that bitch down for real !
very disappointed with the customer service .
i'm never going back .
you feel rushed the whole time .
they should pay me to walk in .
wish i could give them zero stars .
they don't want your business .
they refuse to honor subway coupons .
the employees act rude and condescending .
avoid this one at all costs !
what you're doing isn't working at all .
i wish i could give negative stars .
awful , snotty service .
the absolute rudest staff possible .
went tonight , french fries were cold .
in any event , they have poor customer service .
the manager at night is the worst !
yah , doesn't work for me .
i avoid nights like the plague .
when i walked into the store it was filthy .
the staff was rude .
lady at desk very rude .
not friendly at all .
very arrogant in his thinking !
would strongly recommend looking for another doctor .
there 's no way she said that .
but we wont be back .
changed my mind after the last interaction .
it takes away the financial stress .
totally underwhelming mexican food .
it was a serious problem !
it was really bad .
i would probably not come here again .
i've had two big problems with this place .
the food is okay but the service is horrible .
won't ever go back being treated like that .
the food itself was good but lacked spice .
it is just an ok place to eat .
nothing was fresh , just loaded with fat .
the food is total generic mexican food .
the chips were slightly stale .
fish was greasy , dark , and burned .
tasted bad like it was fried in old oil .
service was polite but super slow .
but i can't risk this happening any longer .
i will not come back here , ever .
they were ignorant and racist .
i wouldnt go there if the services were free .
this place didn't do that .
not a professional business at all .
please dont waste your money .
oh and their prices are n't quite impressive .
a hundred dollars more than the part costs retail ?
what a darn shame !
the mechanics at this location are idiots .
the management is awful !
the staff is completely incompetent and lack integrity .
it was nuts and that is unheard of .
they cancel appointments like it is nothing .
i left my first appointment still feeling clueless .
the staff was very unprofessional and apparently very unorganized .
customer service is terrible .
3rd note : still no call .
camera 's in the bathroom !
hunan lamb - sorry , no lamb today .
mongolian beef : not spicy .
why yes i do .
i did not have the best experience however .
that was a mistake .
wasn't horrible , wasn't good either .
treated dogs like little babies .
what a beautiful place to get robbed .
they mentioned it as is it were a courtesy .
that really bothered me .
i am not a cheap person .
they are too expensive .
someone had confirmed my appointment for my .
this appt has been scheduled for six months .
not very good customer service .
they weren't even nice about it .
however , the support staff is unbelievable .
arizona pediatric eye specialist customer service is the worst .
i'm pretty sure they never clean the waiting room .
not to mention stained chairs and a disgusting bathroom .
( probably so he could get lunch ) .
my daughter doesn't like the doctor .
this place is horrible .
was not happy with the campus or the staff .
worst management company i have ever seen .
complete incompetence in every area .
worst management company i've ever rented from .
numerous calls and emails still with no response .
if you can avoid it then stay away .
it's bad business to screw people over .
very , very poor communication .
once contract signed , service ends .
i made all payments on time as requested .
just let that image sink in a little bit .
then they take my x-rays , not bad .
didn't see the first of us until 10am .
she said the hygienist was nice though .
he was not missing that tooth .
would not recommend to any friend or family member .
more of their shoddy work .
i wish i could give negative stars .
seeing these other reviews doesn't surprise me .
it is very small and cold waiting room .
it feels old and dirty .
the dentists are very unprofessional .
one dentist i had was in a rush .
i've only been here once but thoroughly unimpressed .
she then left once again to go smoke .
it's hard to review a hot dog .
in a pinch , i'd go back .
she was very rude and unpleasant .
service sucked rude not friendly .
very disappointed and won't be coming back .
been up all night sick .
needles to say i won't be going back .
i love chipotle but just had the worst experience .
this is the worst chipotle location .
i will drive further for a better chipotle experience .
i guess i should have been watching .
their mild salsa was old and mushy !
prices are high , staff was nice .
the staff was not welcoming .
i felt very rushed to order my food .
she didn't even make eye contact .
they wouldn't let me use both .
customer service was terrible this visit .
stay away unless you have hours to waste !
would not bother coming here again .
the doctor said there was nothing he could do .
really doctor , nothing you can do ?
total waste of time and money .
they never responded to my email .
big deal out of ordering first .
they didn't get anyone through .
they failed that chance .
what a horrible experience at this location !
i'm surprised it did not break !
not the greatest both greatest .
it is just ok .
there was no soda fountain , only canned soda .
so i lost weight sweating while eating lunch .
ok so this was my first time going here .
the sauce was not very thick at all .
- wasn't very good at all .
the only decent thing we got were egg rolls .
the food was terrible i was disgusted .
she was extremely rude .
the fried rice was just way below my expectation .
won't go back even it is a lot cheaper .
so it was my fault ?
they just would not acknowledge their stale bread .
it's bagels , can't really mess them up .
i didn't appreciate that horrible customer service .
i'm not eating there again !
wish there was a good alternative nearby .
the store is too small .
it is not big enough to accommodate their customers .
the tables are too few and too close together .
also , why is a starbucks right next door ?
another person got the wrong order .
and no it was not even busy .
this is not how you run a business !
this location will never get our business again .
ok i can only say this : wtf ?
no wonder this chain is having financial problems .
this place just sucks !
just a sad place .
dont waste you time here .
unfortunately , they were noticeably crooked and uneven .
this place used to be really great .
literally i could go on for an hour .
really , you have no time to help me ?
take my advice and avoid this bank .
im closing my account and going to wells fargo .
terrible all the way around !
after awhile , i start to feel bad .
meanwhile , my pain is still there .
do these people not talk to each other ?
oh and lets not forget the wonderful breakfast .
next time maybe i will try john c lincoln .
there is no estimate or anything .
my estimate was thursday to monday some time .
banner thunderbird sucks so bad for their pediatric patients .
yes , it is that bad !
horrid place : you have been warned !
fluids and to be sent home .
this was not excellent in any way .
i was standing outside the door yelling for help !
no one ever cared or noticed .
she just leaves my room after her fit .
charge nurse never shows up .
very very slow response .
no answers from any member of staff .
this place is the worst !
the office support staff has absolutely no clue .
to which i replied , " i'm not yelling .
wtf is wrong with you , lady ?
this one apparently isn't .
was too greasy for my taste .
that stuff completely from now on .
their sell by date .
i was not impressed with this restaurant at all .
the food was extremely disappointing .
walked around the corner to find the waitress asleep .
the bathrooms were not clean and smelt super bad .
you can't remake my sandwich ?
this restaurant gave me the worst service ever .
worst restaurant experience ever .
this is not fast food .
i am beyond disgusted with this location .
it's still only worth one cent .
this is not an urgent care .
just ice it and try to stay off it .
never again will i do any business with them .
felt very taken advantage of .
felt used , not helped .
having car problems is already bad enough .
customer service on the other hand was awful .
which is not our fault .
what a giant waste of time .
portions were decent but lacked taste .
but i wouldn't know .
vegetarian egg rolls : greasy and not so nice .
fried rice : greasy and not so nice .
just not my style .
shrimp was literally like eating shoe leather .
i can't believe a place can be so incompetent .
never , never , never again !
however , the service quality is not that great .
no problem that is fine .
no discount , no free egg rolls , nothing .
the beef skewers were dry and greasy .
my egg drop soup was made with bad eggs .
luckily all the pets were friendly with each other .
i won't be back .
f the yelp reviews .
this was our first visit to this place .
i've never owned a dog before .
i left promising to contact the better business bureau .
is anyone with me on this ?
unfortunately , my experience wasn't so great .
i just sat there and cried .
even if it's obvious i'm upset over something .
she left the room without saying anything else .
no , my cat didn't end up ok .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
i was told that there are no payment arrangements .
no more referrals for you .
you have just lost four families business !
they said he would be fine but he wasn't .
the office was old dirty and smelly .
the visit was a waste of time and money !
i wish i could give this place no stars .
he could have died .
i was told again he wasn't available .
she told me someone would call me later .
i would definitely not recommend this doctor to anyone .
i refuse to us the towels .
so why bother since i was leaving anyways !
over paid for a terrible grooming job .
but i didn't get that .
it was very plain .
the taste however wasn't special .
yeah , i didn't get that .
i personally like my pepperoni to be slightly crunchy .
this pepperoni was not .
overall it wasn't a bad pizza .
also i want to try the wings .
not bad , a little oily .
wings were good nothing special .
it's overly greasy , thin and just very bland .
worst service i have ever had in my life .
not a family environment at all and horrible people !
the crust is super thin and can't hold anything .
the pizza is not good .
this circle k sucks .
this mcdonalds used to be good .
i feel like everyone here has an attitude problem .
they don't even greet or thank you .
this is not true !
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
first off , the place is dank .
but the food , is just ok .
oh , and they charge for soda refills .
sorry , i wont be dining here again .
but the service is horrible .
poorly run doctor 's office .
don't waste your time !
for a sick visit ?
can i leave no stars ?
well how completely wrong i was .
but this had never happens before .
there 's an urgent care there now .
however , the customer service here is horrible .
did not enjoy the cheese sandwich .
because all i could see was fatty burgers .
i'm just thankful there 's other burger places .
so , so bad .
it was terrible though .
it was flat like a pancake .
it was old and stale .
i am not sure they made it correctly .
i didn't realize iceberg could be so bad .
no sample sizes for paint .
no wonder ace hardware stores are struggling to survive .
this store is no longer ace hardware affiliated .
their customer service just sucks .
ok this is getting old .
cause the ones you have don't seem to care .
please reset the times that the fries sit out .
toss them out once they are warm .
only fresh hot fries should be served to patrons .
no call back at all .
also getting money back is really a problem .
also getting money back is really a problem .
they can not service it .
i can not give you guys a good review .
i hate spending money on my car .
this is where the walmart comes in .
it's filthy dirty and the service is horrible .
the furniture manager is a fool .
don't gon na buy nothing from them anymore .
they also do window tint .
product not opened or used .
we will forever more spend our money elsewhere .
i will not do business here again .
so i purchase another kit for the installation .
best buy is no bueno in my book !
just terrible customer service and management .
my mom did not like it .
finding staff is almost impossible .
and the work is shoddy .
and this was a full sized tower .
prices i can't really blame them for .
not as the store it is today .
service here is usually never good for us .
did not like the return policy .
i would recommend you buy elsewhere .
but never once offered to help me .
don't trust the sales people they are completely useless .
of course no one there cared .
not surprised they have under two stars .
maybe they should change their name to worst buy !
i'm totally disgusted with their policies and business practices .
the associate continued to flounder through helping us .
this is the worst store ever for best buy .
sales people are clueless .
poor poor customer assistance .
big waste of time !
i don't get it .
i was extremely frustrated .
they were not able to fix .
but she would not do that again .
she was very very rude .
i will not be using you .
sure enough there was a step he forgot .
wish i could give this place zero stars !
horrible horrible customer service !
never will i buy anything from best buy again .
the customer service is hand down horrible .
-the decor and merchandise looks cheap and low quality .
-the service is crap !
will not use this service again .
don't go here for your banking .
their customer service is terrible and they are incompetent .
another thing to beware of is fees .
it just seems greedy to me .
it says she has not used the card .
this was a bad decision !
just go in , buy , & leave !
this bar is terrible in all ways possible .
which isn't too far away .
this place just sucks !
terrible bar to go have drinks at .
rude employees , would not honor my coupon .
the store is not very wheelchair friendly .
this is why we rarely shop here .
this store is disgusting !
first off the dressing rooms are never clean .
it was so bad i could not go in .
the shopping carts are gross .
this store has long lines slow cashiers .
always annoyed when i come here .
i don't recommend going to macayos .
so i ordered the carne asada tacos .
you can't mess that up , right ?
this is a typical mexican chain restaurant .
the margaritas are terrible .
the food is pretty bad .
the salsa is thin , but tolerable .
the service was terrible .
margarita was weak also .
chips and salsa was delivered .
overall , i would never recommend this macayo 's .
too bland and tasteless like too many chain restaurants .
bummer , but not a strike against the restaurant .
damn drinks were $ 10+ .
we got home and got instantly sick .
macayos is not as good as i remembered .
they gave me correct price , and my order .
i'll know better next time i guess .
not happy and not coming back .
the worst food ever !
it was embarrassing how bad the food was .
the salsa was bottled junk again .
dont waste your time or money on this place .
went for lunch but they have no lunch menu .
dinner prices for lunch is way too expensive .
when we walked in it smelled like a restroom .
alot of money for a bean burrito .
the beans and rice were overcooked was another comment .
the service though was awful .
the waiter was not friendly at all .
i am not sure we will ever go back .
not near as tasty as it used to be .
stale chips no hot sauce .
she said sit where ever you want .
walked by three more times and still got ignored .
hahaha worst service here !
the night was a horrid mess !
some of the worst service i have ever experienced .
nothing stood out to me .
there 's too many other great places to try !
food was alright , a little over cooked .
and salty rice , no thanks .
by mistake , she received a cheese enchilada instead .
however , the rice and beans tasted way off .
cheese crisp was not too good .
my tacos were cold as well .
their espresso is so bitter .
down with the corporate crap factory !
you were rude today !
um yeah i just drank coffee .
obviously not a well stocked location !
your barista doesn't know what he's doing dude !
ordered a latte , but it tasted like water .
won't ever go back to this place ever again .
they just can't get it right .
i walked in to have my hair cut .
wash and blow dry only .
i feel that a tip is earned .
maybe this is why place is always empty .
their online banking is for the birds .
then their phone support is just as bad .
why do they not understand this ?
do not rent from this place !
these people are bad news .
nope they auto renew your lease .
instead you just posted it on my credit .
no breakfast out of nowhere .
my food was terrible .
ordered chicken nuggets and french fries .
i ordered my meal with no mayo .
if you can't provide good customer service , i.e .
my orders have been wrong every time .
and you missed most of my condiments .
go f $ & ?
, treated me like an idiot .
gave me real attitude .
what the hell is wrong with glendale ?
lazy ass piss poor food .
okay , it isn't that bad , but close .
not my best decision .
unfortunately , it was absolutely drenched with sauce .
but sadly i'm on to the next !
the food does not taste fresh anymore .
but my god that was way below average food .
not good based off that experience .
if they do , it sucks .
also not on special .
don't get me wrong .
this gym constantly has broken equipment .
the place is run down it def .
the cashier then overcharged me for my food .
i won't be back for it again .
chorizo and egg burrito was very greasy .
needless to say , my appetite was done for .
he's a salesman , not an ethical dentist .
well i didn't go back .
also , the service is really generic .
it's all very cheesy and overdone .
and i suggest you find another place .
that turned me off big time .
these guys don't know how to schedule appointments properly .
sunday am hung over needing to eat like now .
i do not know why .
they lost my business for good .
not a lot to say about it .
the chicken curry uses cheap cuts of meats .
i've had better elsewhere .
not the best indian restaurant but it will do !
i m very disappointed with the service .
worst place to have .
i wouldn't eat there again .
the food just awful and service was lacking .
not the worse , not the best .
the guys are rude and very unhelpful !
which only pissed me off more !
these guys are rude and do not care .
i will never go to a jiffy lube again .
won't be going back .
do not sell your books back here !
she is rude and never smiles .
do not sell your books back here !
she is rude and never smiles .
worst book store i've ever been to .
desert nasty and service was terrible .
i wouldn't have considered them busy at all .
i had the most horrible experience here .
the service was terrible .
even one star is a waste .
the bartender was very rude .
the outback experience tonight wasn't a good one .
probably won't be back to this location .
got the half ribs and its was dry .
our waiter wasn't very satisfied with .
didn't like the service here .
this outback is below average .
customer service is horrible .
tonight i had the prime rib .
our server told me they only had medium left .
my prime rib and broccoli arrived cold .
they tasted okay but cold .
sorry to say i felt like some others .
you can not go wrong with outback .
but it did go wrong twice at this location .
sent it back politely .
waiter was not happy .
her steak and mine dry and very very chewy .
won't be going back at those prices .
the birthday dinner was very very disappointing .
the chicken was plain and tasteless .
poor people , though .
overall very poor service .
the bar is lame .
so , i like the atmosphere .
the waitresses clearly hate working there .
poor service and dishonest waitresses .
i called to report this but lost my receipt .
it gets very crowded .
their happy hour stinks .
that 's desperate , yo !
it fails at best .
this place reeks of a summer 's eve .
veterans should avoid this place .
horrible , horrible , horrible .
it started out bad and never recovered .
needless to say , we won't be back .
still lousy attitude and no respect for the customers .
no way will i be back .
too many other ways to spend my money .
still very hungry sounds like bad management .
my guess is bad .
i called back to complete the order .
i would not call back .
there is never an excuse to be that sloppy .
never had such horrible service in my life .
no one was smiling .
we weren't greeted with a friendly hello .
today will probably be my last .
for the price , i've had better bar food .
i was not impressed by the facility .
i canceled my membership because i was over it .
the man that i was working with was difficult .
i was so frustrated .
this is the worst la fitness in the valley .
the employees are rude and lazy .
can't stand this place .
the workout area smells terrible .
there 's no skill in that .
later , i saw him behind the front desk .
my god , the weight room is foul !
misleading and not good business .
i will not give these scum bags another dime .
this place is always disgusting .
i never see anyone cleaning .
this was a huge disappointment !
so that had me frustrated .
not to mention the service is terrible .
worst customer service ever !
horrible attitude , poor customer service skills .
their network is horrible !
i feel bad he's surrounded by such incompetent people .
if i could give negative stars i would .
they wasted my time once again .
and if you are a customer , i'm sorry .
if i could give negative stars i would .
these guys are crooks and deceiving liars .
continued on and on with ridiculous prices .
they are scum of the scum .
don't go somewhere they lie to you .
there are repair shops all over .
just had the worst experience at arrowhead dentistry .
literally , left their office in tears .
too little to late .
there was no end in sight .
i can trust them no longer .
you shall not pass .
the wings were ok , but very wet .
he had no napkins , parm cheese or peppers .
never once did he attempt to apologize .
but nope , we can't accommodate your request .
the restaurant was empty , by the way .
prices are obviously cheap .
they did not care though .
originally it wasnt a bad place for the price .
the units themselves seem a little older .
my ac unit frequently leaked all over the floor .
this place is a nightmare .
trailer trash parents don't care .
sadly i am skeptical of using this facility again .
was way too much hassle !
the first time i was not impressed .
he was cutting my skin and hurting me .
i said " whoa that is way too hot !
that 's too hot fo her !
what a terrible nail salon .
they didn't even try to accommodate me .
very rude customer service .
this is my first time i had no idea .
i'm not a doctor .
i can't stand midas .
he then offered me a free oil change .
of course he would not take my challenge .
waste of time & money , gross !
i'm not in a good mood .
should have walked out , didn't .
sides : twice baked potato .
they looked very consistent though , canned ?
the drinks are standard giving this place nothing special .
won't be using this location again .
the hot and sour soup was okay .
the one nigiri i had was just awful .
the one california type roll was similarly awful .
i was too afraid to try very much .
i would not recommend this to anyone .
quickly seated , drinks , and appetizer were great .
it kind of ruined it for me .
this was one of the worst meals ever .
the service was lousy but the food was worse .
bland , uninspired and came cold to boot .
i got a lame excuse for why .
this is not italian food .
will not be going back .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
the service was horrible !
the manager would not take off our bill .
they brought my husband root beer instead of coke .
one of the dinners was served cold .
a long , curly one .
prob won't go back .
i went against my better judgement .
chicken brian she said .
dipping oil way too peppery !
( now that is cheap ! )
she returned it to get it cooked more .
i just sat down !
dear food wasn't that great to me .
i won't be back .
so i sat there and watched my bf eat .
epic fail on the part of this place .
so i only ate one of piece of broccoli .
what a waste of time .
will not be back .
will try someplace else next time .
spoke with joe he was helpful in tire selection .
i will be avoiding this place from now on .
i'm highly disappointed in the service given .
it made my day just coming to get lunch !
needless to say i won't be shopping there anymore .
and tasted absolutely gross .
it's just completely unacceptable .
this place is the absolute worst place to stay .
i feel ripped off and cheated at this point .
i couldn't get any work done .
i have n't run into that in a while !
the bathrooms were run down and filthy .
a little warmer than room temp .
complimentary breakfast was an embarrassment .
this should really be zero stars .
don't even bother coming to this one !
new employees , same complete idiot type .
just save your money .
can't they afford to hire more waitresses ?
i couldn't even get a refill .
most the reviews are negative for a reason .
that should have been my warning sign .
pizza hut has been my favorite for years .
sadly it is not anymore .
won't visit this restaurant again as a result .
wish there was an option for zero stars .
absolute worst customer service i think i've ever had .
i would not buy there again .
i was having problems with my car stereo .
highly disappointed with the staff .
want inexpensive audio equipment ?
long time customer but probably not anymore .
no one in a hurry to get mine started .
so i insisted on a refund on principle .
matt is very rude and they are all crooks .
the camera isn't the issue it's the cost .
thanks for the horrible experience denise !
she is horrible , unsanitary and rude !
you'll regret it like i do .
fact : the equipment sucks !
left me looking like i had a skin disease !
ugh so yucky and unpleasant .
they even tried to deny the cut .
she was visually stressed and hostile towards the dog .
absolute worst service experience ever .
tonight i was very dissapointed .
key word was cold !
i will not be back to this location !
didn't stay for our meals .
the food is very uninspired and lackluster .
first of all , she didn't recognize me .
how does an italian place run out of meatballs .
very disappointed in how far the place has slipped .
wouldn't bring my worst enemy here !
the customer service is horrible .
well it was rock hard and gross !
i could lift my cheese right off like paper .
this place does not know quality .
the food was gross and no taste .
my dogs can cook better then the cooks there .
i've seen more chicken in a chicken nugget .
there are plenty of better options near by .
this experience wasn't the best .
it also wasn't the worst .
the managers didn't seem to be bothered by it .
kinda sad this trip .
thunderbird just wasn't interested or simply too busy .
no one called me back .
they are just money greedy .
well , that is not what their website says .
are you bored in your yard ?
first issue was lying , second , horrible communication .
really , really poor communication .
not even that could lift my expectations .
i won't be going back .
however , the server was pretty friendly and fast .
also , he doesn't like baseball .
the sashimi we had wasn't fresh at all .
it looks very shabby . "
this place really let us down .
we would definitely check out this place again .
sushi did not taste fresh .
the sushi was not at all good .
our one and only visit was not enjoyable .
nothing special , really .
sorry tokyo lobby - we won't be back .
the nigiri were also terribly bland .
not much fish in the rolls ( disappointing .
this place didn't hit the spot for me .
maybe it was just a bad night .
the service also left much to be desired .
unsanitary disgusting , and disappointing !
don't waste money here !
no wow factor here .
there were only two other tables being served .
server continued to ignore us .
unfortunately , i was very disappointed .
nothing to shout about imo .
so bad night indeed .
there are better sushi place around the area .
worst sushi i've ever had .
this is the worst sushi in the area .
lunch specials are cheap for a reason .
the rest of the meal was a disaster .
i wasn't creating anymore work for him at all .
always a long wait here .
i consider just going to a different cox store .
the staff can also be rude .
i've had great experiences and horrible experiences .
they're not really informative about anything .
he didn't give me an estimate after that .
though , it didn't start out so badly .
and cox is not efficient .
always in a bad mood after leaving this store .
i am not satisfied with cox in general .
and still no supervisor .
i know everyone already knows cox sucks .
absolute worst cable and customer service ever .
as for carryout , don't bother .
servers are rude and easily annoyed .
the only positive was chris behind the sushi bar .
i won't be back .
i was not a fan of their food .
the sushi was not impressive .
felt as though staff rushed us .
didn't even complete our meal .
it was completely empty .
it was just mediocre .
or you'll scare away your customers !
food is extremely salty .
the california roll has too much mayo .
but i can not believe how awful this was .
tonight was the worst experience i've ever had there .
we pressed the reset button and nothing happened .
this location can be simply put as average .
the service here was horrible !
avoid at all costs !
tough luck we won't be back .
it seems service is going out the window .
i'd give them a zero if it where possible .
i even cancelled the charge on my bank card .
him : " they're basically the same price .
can you please void the transaction ? "
the women 's bathrooms were disgusting !
i mean , seriously ?
disappointment number one , check !
not even the shoes are covered by this coupon .
this place was creepy and horrible !
the service was horrible .
the worse part was the food .
don't recommend going here at all .
this wal-mart is a joke and should be avoided .
one stop store that has both retail and grocery .
never enough registers open .
sucks i like products walmart has .
this walmart is terrible .
it's a bad tape job . "
he was extremely rude to us .
we try the cards again , no luck .
as a result i will not go back .
i no every inch of this truck .
well guy , you have failed me again .
the brisket tasted and looked like dog food .
everything is drenched in sauce , everything .
so what the hell is guy fieri 's problem .
no bark , and gray .
the brisket was even worse .
way too thin , way too gray and tough .
q this bad would never win any award .
was super disappointed eating here .
well , it was very dry .
plain all around bad .
they looked as dry as mine .
i wouldn't go here for barbeque ever again .
does anyone really think this is even bbq ?
absolutely the worst bbq i've ever had .
saturday afternoon was my third visit to this restaurant .
the seem to skimp on the slaw .
the mashed potatoes were not good .
gravy was way too salty for my taste .
my husbands food was ok as well .
they have too many sides .
the service was very lacking .
i tried my bbq favorite in the beef brisket .
what a bad move on my part .
neither worked for me .
service was way slow on a saturday around 8pm .
ribs were cold , as was brisket .
shoot i am so there .
even the french fries were sub-par .
the food was wet , cold , and unappealing .
turkey and pork were dry and fries were old .
chocolate shake , service price all ok.
it was mushy and watery .
it wasn't mixed , homemade , or anything positive .
the pork was downright awful .
everything felt kinda dry .
the beans and slaw were not very good !
the man vs food review was way off !
the food was quite sub par .
my ribs were dry and tasted reheated .
the cornbread tasted like baking soda .
don't waste your time and money .
this visit more than confirmed my opinion .
the place was almost empty .
if i could give it zero stars i would .
service was slow and horrible .
seriously , i almost didn't make it .
can't a bbq restaurant make their own ?
the corn was boiled way too long and soggy .
is annoying to say the least .
nothing amazing but not horrible .
do i regret going ?
unfortunately everything had a weird taste to it ?
was like any other typical bbq place .
unsure why there was so much hype .
their food was mediocre at best .
we were very disappointed !
the meat had no appetizing appearance .
the taste was not much better .
the sides were disappointing .
tasted sour and bitter .
so bad that i sent it back.
the only good thing were the onion rings .
but service was slow .
( just thinking out loud here . )
over all this was a failure .
otherwise , don't serve me !
this place is a complete dive , though .
the meat was dry , overcooked and hard .
i tried the bbq 'd turkey first .
another almost cold and very dry .
i really hate dry chicken .
the brisket was pretty terrible .
tasted like minute steak in the microwave .
wait time is really long .
took their three kids in for lunch .
two couples walk in a few minutes apart .
fries were okay , nothing to write home about .
the ribs and brisket were very tender .
pulled pork was always cold , and dry .
couldn't get a refill on my soda .
i won't be back .
meat was dry and overpriced .
this place was empty on a sunday afternoon .
my boyfriend and i tried the sampler platter .
we also ordered fried pickles as an appetizer .
the worst was the pulled pork .
everything else was sub par .
i was highly disappointed .
mashed was nothing special .
corn wasn't even good , kinda mushy .
tasted like it had been frozen and microwaved .
the brisket was awful .
i feel pretty cheated out of my money .
after tasting the food , it's pretty obvious why .
it was barely warm .
the pulled pork was dry as well .
this place at best is mediocre .
not the best service very slow .
service was slow , food was very very inconsistent .
this place is not good .
very disappointed at this restaurant .
food was cold and not fresh .
service was really slow and rude .
however stay away from the mac and cheese .
they really should remove this recipe from their menu .
the corn bread tastes like sand .
the brownie was a lil ' debbie .
i couldn't eat more than two bites .
" sorry you didn't like your food .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
does guy fieri ever give a bad review ?
lame food , tried a sampler .
was sorely disappointed both times .
it's not necessarily that the food is getting worse .
meat was dry and cold .
not worth the hype .
not impressed and never going back .
the ribs were very fatty , tough and dry .
the cornbread was dry .
a very disappointing experience .
she didn't listen to anything i asked for .
horrible customer service at the arrowhead location !
save yourself the trouble and use someone else .
why lie , debbie ?
i don't get it .
still will not give me an appointment !
this place is the worst !
the service sucks sucks sucks .
never again with this resort .
service here is the worst !
however , the customer service wasn't the best .
a little less than thrilled with that .
the walls seem to be paper thin .
i was extremely frustrated about that .
at this point i left .
guess i'll keep looking .
i'm so angry i wasted money here .
i was so sadly wrong .
this did not happen until the 5th session .
my dog and i learned virtually nothing .
a waste of time and money .
this is just the beginning of a horrific event .
i immediately returned and asked to see my dog .
after two more days i then contacted corporate office .
today my dog visited the vet at this location .
no one greeted me when i walked in .
couldn't find what i was looking for .
not friendly at all .
very bad customer service .
do not use this alterations business .
i was disappointed when we went here .
my burrito tasted like onion soup .
my boyfriend was disappointed with his burrito too .
wouldn't recommend going here .
we were completely disappointed in the food here .
the refried beans were probably canned .
certainly nothing to write home about .
very disappointed in our dinning experience .
completely downhill from there .
the food was nothing spectacular , if not overpriced .
i didn't say anything and just accepted it .
not spicy at all .
it was more like veggie fajitas .
sorry , no go .
my food literally tasted like nothing .
my sons hamburger was dry .
not the best , but much better and cheaper .
oh , ajo al 's .
just about the worst mexican food i've ever had .
ajo al 's just lost a customer for life .
dead on a friday night .
food was bland with no flavor including the salsa .
it's not even busy in here .
don't think i will be back .
it tasted like bagged salad .
i ordered a chicken taco and enchiladas .
not even sure if it was real cheese .
i will not be back .
we walked in early on a sunday afternoon .
but the deal killer is the wait staff .
she just said " no " .
the food handling in the kitchen is questionable .
you are a disgrace to the restaurant business !
don't waste your money .
wife and daughter ate here and got food poisoning .
i was very disappointed , yes they were large .
should be trash out .
my wife thought it was horrible .
we didn't enjoy the food .
it just didn't have much flavor .
crab puffs were pretty small , though .
an example is the shrimp in garlic sauce .
we ate here for the last time on friday .
but this review isn't about the food .
sad , sad , sad .
first the service was horrible .
the soup and kung pao were both tasteless .
no third try coming .
i've never had worse food - of any kind .
too bad my mother didn't do the same .
looked like it had been microwaved .
they should be ashamed to serve customers this garbage .
the food is disgusting .
i threw up after i ate there food .
it's just not good .
it's sucks because arizona lacks culture foods .
delivery is not very good !
yes i am sorry no exceptions .
it had no taste .
ordered many different things and was left unsatisfied .
it was still cold and doughy .
the mongolian beef was very mediocre .
we will not be going back to this place .
really i put mine in the trash .
i will not be going here again .
the restaurant is too small and crowded .
the service was terrible .
the service however , i would give a zero !
the general tso 's chicken was over cooked .
it tasted like leftovers , not freshly cooked .
very disappointed in my food .
fake chinese food if you ask me .
hardly had any sauce .
tastes just like fried chicken .
kung pao chicken had no spice .
bland and no flavor .
i won't be back .
i'm sure i can find better tasting chinese food .
this is not your typical cookie cutter chinese food .
guess i will have to keep searching for better .
will not be returning .
i'm sorry but that 's way too much .
by far the worst panda experience .
the worst panda express ever .
it will be a while till we try this again.
does this location not have open & closing hours ?
often times there was trash waiting there too .
i'm sure it's the healthier option anyway .
how one does this i am entirely unsure .
this place drives me nuts !
del taco sucks big ones .
typical visit at this place .
dirty tables and floors .
just any ol dogs .
it's my least favorite del taco .
worst customer service i have ever received .
the people who work here are literally brain dead .
they are always giving me the wrong food .
zero stars for the poor customer service .
i will no longer be going here .
we just walked in and then walked right out !
i will never return to this subway again .
this is not subway standards .
and very very bad .
the wings were much better , in my opinion .
the pizza has no taste .
the service was mediocre .
there isn't even an alfredo option .
hardly any flavor and very generic .
very disappointing management decisions .
she lost our weekly business for sure .
the pizza had no taste to it .
the small amount of clams were very tender .
worst customer service anywhere .
glendale is better without you .
worst customer service consistently .
looked new as it was barely worn .
are you kidding me ?
i would avoid this laundry .
manager says can't do anything sorry .
not worth the effort really .
when normally they are open til 8pm .
couldn't get my dog 's nails trimmed .
my second visit was worst than my first .
drove down and definitely are closed on sundays .
she never returned my call .
no stars is too many !
pay a real stylist and skip this place .
this place is awful .
this place sucks so bad !
the customer service alone is horrible .
terrible job , didn't even smooth it out .
so not worth the price .
i was terrified to see what she had done .
i will never return to this place .
are you kidding me ?
hands down worst manicure i've ever had .
i just can't bring myself to rave about rubios .
the food is simply entirely unremarkable .
boy has this place gone downhill .
pretty much all their salsas are boring and bland .
hot salsa tastes like marinara sauce .
rubio 's puts guacamole on theirs by default .
nothing to write home about .
hello , i know what i want to eat !
it still wasn't the right order .
this was a frustrating experience .
my french onion soup was disgusting .
disappointing to be sure .
this piece of pizza is terrible .
there 's nothing special about this place .
maybe she has a routine .
it hurts to walk .
probably to hide the bad reviews .
all around just not good !
why is that so upsetting ?
this particular restaurant is not set up well .
to hell with it !
this goes for silverware as well .
my experience was absolutely dreadful .
not a big fan of this store .
avoid if you can .
i don't see the point of this place .
the food was terrible and extremely bland .
for the price , i expected more quality dishes .
my friend 's plate was also very bland .
this place made panda express seem like fine dinning .
the meat was dry .
that threw me for a spin a bit .
unfortunately he just walked away .
really , next time , are you serious .
i wouldn't be caught dead coming back here .
absolutely horrible customer service .
ok , i get the whole glasses scam .
this is not acceptable .
in summary , do not go here .
my recent experience at this location was terrible .
their customer service is truly that bad !
this is my second time visiting this store location .
won't be shopping with you anymore .
customer service here is really poor .
didn't bother about her customers .
the staff are also rude / condescending .
not even in your ash tray ? "
they might be worse now .
worst store ever for customer service !
workers are unhelpful and horribly rude .
ate at this place a few days back .
will not be going back !
the meat tasted spoiled and the rice was sick .
stay away from this place and save your money .
i had a bad experience here .
cheap and pretty quick .
she should 've just fixed her mistake .
won't be going back .
i have to say , the food is awful .
not always the case .
i don't get why it's consistently busy .
my friend had the chicken and steak tacos .
the enchilada was a soggy mess !
the taste was even worse .
customer service was just terrible .
they are not worth your time !
what a joke and a waste of money .
worst experience i have ever had !
the doctor was rude and annoyed with my questions .
trying to get more money ?
if i could give zero stars i would .
at this point , i lost my cool .
missed - literally missed many things .
whole experience weird in comparison to other places .
honestly , just not a good experience .
would not go back .
what are they doing , writing a novel .
their staff is extremely unprofessional .
dont go in here the place is crap .
poorly ran company owned by an idiot .
not even by la z boy .
she didn't return my call .
he won't return my call .
horrible quality and customer service !
will leave you with a bad taste .
hot bagels and deli .
slight central european accent .
both times the bagels were just ok .
i guess i'll stick to einstein bros .
wrong bagel , no cream cheese .
i was very put off to say the least .
and they put way to much cream cheese on .
once again , cold , hard and stale .
either way , i will never go back .
yelp , you failed me on this one .
maybe i should have just gotten plain bagels ?
don't think i'll be back .
they are not the same thing .
blech won't go back .
not hot ; not even warm .
guess what , still got it wrong .
overall , food was mediocre .
the desserts were terrible .
instead , tasted like chocolate souffle .
the german chocolate cake was dry and also tasteless .
top prices for awful sandwiches .
save your time and money .
however , they still get a one star review .
don't mess with my steak .
i walked out , and i won't be back .
will not be back .
this experience totally ruined it for me .
actually , just kidding .
don't come to aj 's expecting higher quality groceries .
super disappointed and will not be returning .
my second catering experience was less than stellar .
overpriced at half the price !
sadly my experience made me never want to return .
i was completely disgusted .
i don't trust that hospital .
avoid that place at all costs .
i had my knee surgery here back in january .
didn't get it til 9:30 .
but don't ignore me .
i don't want to chase you for my medication .
if there 's nothing wrong .
quit trying to find something wrong .
i give this hospital no stars .
then he walked out .
i was completely and utterly offended .
the first nurse she encountered was somewhat friendly .
procedure did not take ten minutes .
that 's not a good enough reason .
i would not recommend arrowhead to anyone .
they were not professional .
never use this hospital .
when calling the clubhouse , the phone just rang .
i do not recommend this course at all .
majority of employees need a lesson on customer service .
no ice in cooler .
no excuse for that .
this place should be called pick up sodium .
this place is awful .
there should be negative stars .
you wait over an hour every time .
don't waste your time .
short with me , cut me off mid sentence .
any problem i had was treated very promptly .
i wish that i could give them zero stars .
bad and old food .
we get home and found our order totally wrong .
this place is terrible .
i asked why and they said " sorry sir .
doesn't even deserve one star !
this one is awful .
it's saturday night and this place is empty .
where do i begin ?
will not go back to this branch again .
won't be going there again .
horrible communication by the owner and groomers .
i refuse to us the towels .
so why bother since i was leaving anyways !
we sat down , waited .
this made me really mad .
they were also rude to my sister in law .
it left a really sour taste in my mouth .
a very un organized and dirty location .
two weeks , no follow through from jennifer .
this place is lackluster at best !
messy rolls that all tasted the same .
i don't even know where to start .
the decor is not cheesy .
the service was mediocre .
they were all bland and extremely plain tasting .
even the vegas roll was bland .
i have never had a bad vegas roll .
the salmon wasn't fresh .
fair warning : don't come here for rolls .
i wouldn't eat here again if it were free .
the fried fish special was eh .
sadly service wasn't so great .
i was severely disappointed with my trip to sakana .
i was disappointed with my visit .
the spring rolls were deep fried , flavorless mush .
the miso soup was so salty we couldn't finish .
every roll we had fell apart .
the rice was very bland and over cooked .
we will not go back .
i can't believe how much it has changed .
the sashimi was mediocre at best .
i am not sure what had gone wrong .
the quality of the philly roll was horrible .
not coming here again .
this restaurant is not worthy of the rating .
don't waste your time and money !
the quality of the sashimi was horrible .
also , the color of the tuna was off .
the fish was not very flavorful either .
the rice tasted a little old or undercooked .
i would give this location zero stars .
they were not willing to compensate for anything .
for sure not somewhere we will return .
unfortunately , i won't come back .
this is simply okay strip mall italian .
spaghetti dish tasted like canned sauce over ordinary pasta .
surely not made the same day .
the pasta was way over done too .
it was a less than superb outing this time .
at this point it was just miserable .
it was not actually ready until 5:30 .
instead , you guessed it , overwhelming heat .
i just don't eat it .
i don't mind paying extra for what i want .
i also dipped their bread in the salad dressing .
i just simply didn't enjoy it .
it didn't taste good to me .
hostess on new years eve was incredibly rude .
each time the asparagus has been undercooked .
the manager kim doesn't seem to appreciate her customers .
the place was packed and very noisy !
i couldn't hardly think in there .
wow was i disappointed so much !
too bad it was so awful .
so sad this place went to crap .
will never go back to this restaurant .
just recently stopped in for lunch .
it took forever for us to be greeted .
not good at all .
needless to say , we will not be back .
my pizza was not even warm .
the service was pathetic .
the wait times at the table were unbearable .
the manager was of absolutely no help .
the alfredo sauce was horrific .
the worst service ever .
food was alright but my pizza was cold .
service completely sucked both times i went in there .
not bad but the sauce is way too salty .
i wish they'd just learn how to make sauce .
you can not be rude in the hospitality business .
but i wont be going back to find out .
i'm certainly not going back .
has been a nightmare for my wife .
you shouldn't have charge today !
this place was terrible .
black to platinum blonde , in one sitting .
obviously at this point i had no choice .
i will never return to this place .
this school needs a drug testing policy .
that is how bad it is .
no appointment for a crown .
just wanted to know where it was located .
the staff here leaves little to be desired .
this location seriously lacks customer service and food quality .
i asked for a manager and was refused .
my fries are always stale .
every time it's a horrible experience .
this safeway is so so so slow !
i will not use this location ever again .
worst store i've ever been to .
do not take your dogs here .
i gave these groomers another chance this week .
i will never return to these groomers .
very unsatisfied with the incorrect information .
she said no problem .
no problem i figured no biggie .
boy was i wrong .
she had zero experience .
needless to say i wasted my money .
it was a disappointment not having that .
the pedicure was disappointing .
she missed a large area on my thumb .
this doesn't seem very sanitary .
the manicure was awful , too .
the polish looked terrible and lasted barely a week .
really unhappy about the care my mother received .
i do not recommend this doctor 's office .
worst doctor 's office ever !
the doctors here may or may not be great .
we will not be coming here again .
we left without buying anything .
horrible drive threw service .
the order was screwed up and dry .
could not eat it was so bad .
i'm so sad because i love their stuff .
progressive insurance does not pay their claims .
find someone else is my recommendation .
we will not be coming back .
don't bother if you care about customer service .
worst trader joe 's ever !
i do not think this is a happy store .
he barely bothered to look at me .
she was so bitter toward me .
barber was a total ass .
my daughter is extremely afraid of the dentist .
then they would let me come back .
didn't listen and got a simple order wrong .
didn't want to make it right .
so unsatisfied , will never be coming here again .
not so much here .
i normally don't write reviews .
anyway , i order and pay .
finally the blonde walks out and opens the door .
i just want my phone .
cause me and my toddler are so intimidating .
needless to say , horrible c. service .
don't waste your money !
she did not respond or apologize .
customer service sucks no wonder costco is busier .
two woman behind the counter just stared at me .
i'm never buying food from here again .
i hate this location .
tables were empty but every single one was dirty .
she blew it off .
very poor training and leadership at this pei wei .
the customer service , or lack there of sucked .
it looked like something mcdonald 's would put out .
yet , once again it was very disappointing .
then the portions were weak .
they have lost my business and referrals for good .
i soon receive my ginger broccoli with chicken .
don't get me wrong .
i used to love pei wei .
it was barely a kid size .
i honestly hardly got any food at all .
it was a joke how little food i got .
i definately will not be back .
terrible experience won't be back !
my mistake for going there late i guess .
very disappointed in the service .
i will not be going back .
worst pei wei experience ever tonight .
completely disappointed in every aspect of the service .
will not be back !
way too over priced for this food .
had n't been to any pei wei in years .
tables weren't being cleaned as people left .
all vegetables were undercooked .
i just don't get it .
i'll miss having a gluten-free restaurant in my area .
not a very good place for sushi or service .
first timer , never again .
our waiter speak no english whatsoever .
also , i ordered the udon vegetable .
the rice was not super sticky .
i went for lunch and i wasn't impressed !
don't try to use your entertainment coupon here .
are you kidding me ?
what a horrible experience and waste of time .
very disappointed with the speed of check in .
i would give this place zero stars if possible .
this location is for avis and budget .
this place will rip you off .
it is not worth the so called savings !
don't go here chose any where else but here !
trust me or you will regret it !
worst store of any kind ever .
they no longer accept competitor coupons either .
it's run by bed bath and beyond .
we'll not go back here again for any item .
terrible , terrible customer service at this location .
try avoiding him as much as you can !
luckily , it is priced accordingly .
the employees here are awful .
i received no apology or discount for their mistake .
i will thoroughly avoid this location in the future .
we have no paper plates or condiments .
of course we know thats not true .
of course receipt said " bring paper plates etc .
" does this make sense ?
one employee can lose a regular customer .
i would not recommend this establishment to anyone .
however she approached this with " nope .
no we don't have those " and walking away .
my grande margarita arrived sans alcohol .
my son 's grilled cheese and fries were hot .
bottom line , don't ever try the beer there .
the taco meat was not spiced bland .
the quesadilla was one flour tortilla folded in half .
the flavor was okay , nothing special .
how can you mess up tacos ?
said my drinks again seeing if he'd apologize .
i had my usual enchiladas but something was missing .
it was just ordinary mexican food .
after four requests , they finally shut it off .
this visit really isn't different than my last one .
the waiter had to advise me it'll be hot .
there 's hardly any green chile on it .
it tasted straight out of the can tho .
my girlfriends meal wasn't much better .
she said that it was too salty .
the food isn't new mexican .
we will never go back and do not recommend .
now , this wasn't the big deal .
i felt bad for the server .
on our way out i talked to the manager .
very very horrible customer service .
there was something incredibly strange tasting about my drink .
the smell of it was foul .
please be warned , before eating here .
our party of four had an awful experience .
very very slow and not attentive .
the food was ok but not great .
chips were stale and sent back twice .
no refill on ice tea .
our server had a horrible attitude .
very rude and probably will not return .
the crispy cheese crisp was alright .
the refried beans were just alright .
i will avoid the place .
i will definitely not be back here again .
all in all this place sucks .
did management change , because everything was awful .
the host was rude .
they did not even say hi .
we were regulars , but never treated as such .
this is why we kept going back .
a pick up with many items missing .
don't waste your time or money .
staff was rude and not helpful .
sadly , we will not go back .
my daughter also disliked the beans .
he didn't even refill our waters .
needless to say we won't be back .
the girls at the front desk are rude .
she refused and said we must leave restaurant .
he says , and leaves us .
this location has the worst service !
the service was horrible !
which wasn't true at all .
throughout our time there he was not very present .
never had our waters refilled .
extremely slow service here .
fajitas were very tough .
couldn't even bite off a piece .
overall a poor experience .
horrible service from our waiter dean .
food wasn't that great .
dark , dingy and outdated interior .
it was just drowned in sauce .
took forever to get non alcoholic drinks .
prime rib was dry and not a good cut .
garlic mashed potatoes were a joke .
more like dry wall paste .
tried this place because we had a coupon .
very pricey for what you get and very dirty .
the place seems to have customers every night .
my wild rice was super dry .
i will not be returning .
my dipping sauce tasted like a dogs bath water .
scratch my prior review .
bloody is not medium well .
but we stopped going because it makes me uncomfortable .
i felt totally unwelcome .
our waitress was unpleasant and sarcastic .
omg tonight was completely different .
what restaurant runs out of a premier brand .
by the way the new menus are also awful .
terrible burgers and steaks .
don't waste your money here .
absolute worst experience i've ever had or seen .
this was just not a great experience .
needles to say we won't be coming back .
it was a very disappointing experience .
absolutely awful and overpriced , compared to competitors .
even the bread kind of sucked .
worst experience of my life .
i booked a room that night .
they won't be packed with us anymore .
servers don't seem to be paid or managed well .
upgrades are needed all around .
i won't be back .
the slow service continued all night .
my glass was empty more than it was full .
the place was somewhat busy but , not really .
was not impressed with the taste of our food .
the food , however , was not impressive .
the artichoke crab dip was awful .
the veggie quesadillas were ok .
a few minutes later and still nothing .
obviously , i will never return to this restaurant .
guac was just avocados chopped up .
won't be going back .
it was just pretty disappointing across the board .
9:30 pm on a thursday night .
um , no , i don't think so .
as for my ribeye steak ?
not a terrible burger .
will not be back .
burger was just ok .
all it was missing was salsa or hot sauce .
pretty much i had a horrible experience .
and the ranch , terrible !
it was hot and watery .
to them , a child is never sick .
its a very condescending way to treat people .
there is nothing wrong we were told .
how long would they have brushed us off ?
it pains me to leave this review .
but it needs to be done .
as in we fed her too much .
my child is in the lower % for weight .
search on yelp had more closed than open .
glad i didn't let them work on my watch .
the replacement battery are extremely expensive .
the watch repair guy is even worse .
if i could rate half a star i would .
how about no fix at all .
now its just getting to be ridiculous .
i didn't realize this until i got home .
but that 's not true .
not very happy with the service .
i was very excited to get this massage .
i left disappointed and with no intention of returning .
she finally comes back in and starts the massage .
this doesn't make sense at all !
doesn't even make sense !
what a complete waste of money !
over all my experience here is very disappointing .
the mushrooms & jalapenos were terrible .
the worst pizza place i have ever come across .
not worth wasting your money .
there are much better pizza places locally .
will not be back .
nope it didn't just made it soggy .
not good guys not good at all .
sorry but this is my review .
don't go to this location .
the chimichanga is the worst i've ever had .
after that , it was pretty much downhill .
he didn't seem like he wanted to be there .
it didn't taste much better either .
the beans were alright , as was the rice .
not something i'd want again .
i will not go back again .
water delivered with no straws , had to ask .
don't think we will be back .
no more ignoring ratings .
the food came out quick then our waiter disappeared .
that was all he was willing to take off .
and she was too busy to tend to customers .
absolutely zero sense of customer service !
attention to detail , just as awful .
i wish i could give this store zero stars .
that is how horrible their customer service is .
they do not value their customers .
this place was terrible .
like , clearly , it's unacceptable .
that 's too much money anyway .
where in the hell are all of the employees ?
this did not go over well at all .
so apparently the manager is an idiot .
worst business ever award .
this is a dumb !
it was ugly and cluttered and not well lit .
worst run store i have ever been too .
demeanor on the phone is also horrible .
lazy employees , what are they getting paid for !
i was at a loss for words .
i would not go to them ever again .
the waitress even apologized for the excessive wait time .
the gravy was sort of thin .
none of the flavors stood out .
don't go by previous rep it's totally different now .
the wait was long and my soup was cold .
i was utterly speechless .
i mean , what on earth was she thinking ?
red velvet cupcake , not so much .
used to be much much better .
it was just ok .
now it is just ok with greasy food .
nothing special but not terrible either .
poor service , mediocre food , over priced .
i am not looking forward to going back there .
i ordered the roasted turkey dinner .
it wasn't good either .
every surrounding restaurant is much better .
they don't respect their customers .
there are better places on bell rd .
wrong , the hollandaise was lumpy and very thick .
then the waitress told me just try it first .
i was really , really disappoint it .
anyway , i end up order ham & eggs .
what the hell happened ?
rolls were also tasteless and very dense .
are not as generous with them .
the service here is terrible .
the place was empty .
maybe they should hire a few more waitresses .
i will never return to this restaurant !
i will not be back !
so bad to ok food .
service was the worst !
only another waitress ever filled our drinks .
service was slow , food was forgettable .
avoid this place for lunch and dinner .
this place was horrible !
no more carrot raisin bread .
just plain rolls that were just okay .
maybe because their business has fallen off ?
it was the worst meal we ever had .
not good at all .
the place looked more like a dump than before .
she could hardly eat it .
the rest of the bread was hard and chewy .
it was the worst experience ever .
that 's not service !
met others for lunch on a monday .
will not be returning .
this is downright rude and such poor customer service !
i don't believe he could have cared less .
none of this was the fault of the waitress .
our omelet was not that hot either .
this mimi 's is the worst .
this was not the case .
just wish management would pay attention .
he worst , the worst ever .
the menu is changed to the worst menu .
long service wait for food .
don't waist your money .
the cinnamon roll they used was stale .
it is not the same , service is awful .
will not go here again , they changed menu .
i am sorry you are here .
highly recommend that no one goes here .
ok maybe i am too picky .
same for the hot tub .
overall this place gets two thumbs down from me .
this mall seems to be going downhill .
overall , this mall is pretty boring and flat .
this mall is ok .
no i don't want your diamond makeup !
construction mess and homeless !
a bus depot was put in there too .
that being said my review is about meet santa .
the mall is just ok , typical mall stores .
seriously this mall sucks .
place smells like urine .
worst customer service i have ever experienced .
i just walked away .
if i could give no stars i would .
no one there to help me .
returned today to return pants .
the worst service ever .
hated my trip here today .
finally , i just gave up and walked out .
i walked out the store and will never return .
i will find my watch elsewhere .
unfortunately i dont think we will be returning .
avoid like the plague .
lots of trash on the floor .
no cilantro , no salt and pepper , bland !
won't be going back .
had a very poor experience last friday .
needless to say , i will not be returning .
the arrowhead area has some stiff competition for dining .
the worst dining experience i have ever had .
i was in complete shock .
some people should not be in customer service .
it's a very uncomfortable and hostile environment .
i won't be back .
my ( stupid stupid stupid ! )
the food was very average and plain .
it was simply blah .
i'm sorry to anyone who works here .
you deserve more respect and money .
the restaurant was partially full .
management is clearly at fault .
i will not go back .
avoid it at all cost !
the lady manager is horrible !
the place wasn't very impressive i won't be back .
all of the food was stale and cold .
good service but really bad food .
watery mac and cheese .
really slow service one the meat station .
don't waste your money .
items are not replaced in a timely way .
there was no regular coffee or cross cut potatoes .
save your money go somewhere else to eat .
the tables and chairs are sticky and dirty .
the food just tasted old !
never ever going back .
have n't been here in years .
i won't be coming back .
will not waste money .
my husband & i stopped for breakfast .
she would not cook scrambled eggs .
the rotisserie chicken was very dry .
the desserts were old looking as well .
i however won't be back .
sadly , tonight will be our last visit .
i will not be returning .
the food was not kept stocked properly .
the food was awful !
i've never been so disappointed about food ever .
very dirty and certainly not worth the money .
some of the staff seem bitter .
the food isn't bad , it isn't great .
the place needs some work though .
worst customer service i have ever encountered .
we have been loyal customers for years .
very slow service , very poor attitude .
i can't stand bad service .
the orange chicken my friend ordered was fine .
nothing to write home about .
like ordering pad thai at a thai restaurant .
it was bland and flavorless .
mediocre selection of vegetables .
no hot peppers at all !
what an experience but unfortunately not for the good .
let me know if im wrong .
the kung pao scallops were absolutely pathetic .
i found the service lacking and unprofessional .
i think this is the worst chinese food ever .
don't waste your money .
rude would be a nice word for her .
she said the manager would call me back .
she knew that some of the food was cold .
she was nasty beyond nasty .
i do not recommend .
can't even call it customer service .
went out golfing on black friday .
i also don't like false advertising .
yep , just meh .
crust was also just a boring crust .
probably won't come back .
so that family walked out !
bad business , bad customer service .
pizza is extremely greasy , very disappointed .
it was not hot to the touch .
bad , bad service .
ordered the ziti and my husband had the spaghetti .
asked for parmesan cheese but it was basically empty .
ziti and spaghetti sauce was very watery .
this place is hit or miss .
the pizza and wings are never the same .
not to mention the bathroom was disgusting .
we were big time disappointed .
our " fresh " scallops though were awful .
gritty and mushy and just didn't taste good .
unfortunately , neither will we .
the bruschetta was not worth ordering , either .
the bad : the margherita pizza .
it was like bland cheese pizza .
very disappointing to say the least .
water glasses and drinks remained empty far too long .
the sauce was watery and lukewarm .
it's a hole in the wall .
tonight they were out of chicken .
to poorly prepared items and everything in between .
and blew me off .
it was rude and dismissive .
however , i won't go anymore .
frustrating experience every time i come .
i will not be going back !
do not eat at this kfc .
i ate there and the food made me sick .
this was 5:30 pm on a friday night .
first time here , probably my last .
just ate the food they replaced .
all of it was lukewarm .
i won't be back .
when we got our tacos they were terrible .
he then left the counter .
she then walked away .
she saw me and walked into the office .
very poorly run restaurant .
avoid this location like the plague .
this place is has really gone down hill .
it's a shame what happened to this place .
no zero stars huh ?
didn't even bother to come to the table .
will not be a returning customer .
very below par pizza .
last friday we ordered a thin crust cheese pizza .
the crust was tasteless and dry .
the magic bags don't work , shocking !
it was not crowded .
he had walked away .
i will not come here again .
ask for coffee with no sugar ?
they won't give you any unless you ask .
greens can't really be called greens .
the same lady came back , looking annoyed .
limited menu is terrible .
the pizza was ok .
i had to wait forever for it .
i would rather go else where for pizza .
the service was terrible !
they are consistently inconsistent !
i'm not eating here anymore
dominos pizza is horrible anyways !
had a bad experience here .
i wish i could give this no stars .
the food is expected to be low quality .
without customers you wouldn't have a job .
unfortunately , it was another bad experience !
didn't have a problem with it at all . "
this place is ridiculous !
do not take your vehicle to this establishment .
i wasted my whole afternoon on this .
unfortunate because they are a neighborhood service dealer .
dave is rude and will ignore you .
i wish there were a zero stars to give .
i didn't have time and would come back .
you'll just end up with angry customers .
rude inconsiderate and unprofessional .
beware of this place because something is fishy !
i popped my hood and checked out the battery .
they are so slow and very unfriendly .
if i could give them negative stars i would !
the service ( at least drive-thru ) is terrible .
absolutely aweful store will not return .
drive through service is very unpleasant .
even the home shop in seattle is faster .
service here was slow .
there was only one barista and one register !
literally the worlds slowest starbucks on earth .
very disappointing for a starbucks fan .
they have lost my business .
the parking lot was full of trash .
this place is disgusting .
terribly slow service every time.
so far my worst experience at a starbucks .
then it got worse .
the service in the bar area was horrible .
this made absolutely no sense to me .
ate there on saturday , june 5th .
the onion rings were nothing to write home about .
a very disappointing visit to say the least !
tables were grimy and filthy .
when we went today , what a disappointment !
is there a less than one star rating ?
the beer situation was weird .
three of us apparently got the last cold beers .
my husband 's dish was cold .
sadly , it was disappointing .
also , i've had better pie .
in fact , i've made better pie .
finally , the service was underwhelming .
however , i couldn't see why .
no need for a repeat performance .
canned peas were not edible .
but don't come for the food .
and i don't scare easily .
common sense failed us at 8pm the night before .
no hash browns , either .
it was just flat , and bland .
no thanks , rock springs .
i'm all done with rock springs .
why make buying pie so difficult ?
the pies are over hyped and not very good .
i stopped here on my way back from sedona .
when we cut into them i simply cried .
the pies lacked in taste .
we will never purchase pie here again .
over twenty years of family history is gone .
sadly both pies were sub-par .
another reviewer said the place had recently changed hands .
no special orders here .
and unfortunately , not for the better .
it was very disappointing .
it's become just another tourist trap with mediocre pie .
unfortunately the pie was a disappointment .
and my sandwich was on dry stale bread .
an ' wet bottom .
when we got there , how quickly things changed .
it just didn't wow me .
sorry we stopped and won't be back .
nothing to write home about just good .
i wouldn't mind going again .
this is a shame .
yet being given frozen fries is quite disappointing .
i won't be going back .
foodies this pie is not for you .
overall it was not horrible ; just not great .
so i was looking forward to rock springs cafe .
the biscuit and gravy was unbelievable !
don't waste your time or your money .
i could only gag down two bites .
nothing at all flaky about it .
i can't see what all the rave is about .
i ordered the apple pie a la mode .
service and food are not good .
bread wasn't toasted and soggy , fries were burnt .
it was okay but nothing about it taste homemade .
kinda sad as we like to support the locals .
the wait staff is clueless on the customer experience .
regarding staff : rough looking crowd , multiple mistakes .
he then proceeds to tell her to leave .
never again rock springs , never again .
the worst fries i've ever had !
overall disappointed dining experience !
the chili was really spicy and low on beans .
the corn in the cornbread was hard .
my lemonade tasted like it was from a mix .
worst breakfast i've ever had .
this was so basic it almost hurts .
i wish i would have gotten the onion rings .
it didn't look good to me .
the bottom crust was all gooey .
twenty bucks thrown away .
they served coffee and it was absolutely horrible .
wish i could give no stars .
just left this joke of a restaurant .
rock springs has changed and not for the better !
we couldn't have been more wrong .
those tables all stayed empty for ever .
didn't even bother to stay for the overpriced pies .
i won't be going back .
the staff are rude & nasty .
upon its arrival it came out stone cold .
everyone seems to hate working there .
i couldn't even melt my butter on the corn .
no i won't be going back .
the top crust is not flaky at all .
however , they kind of have a weird aftertaste .
our server seemed out of it and slow .
the worst part is the staff didn't care either .
i would not be satisfying my candy craving here .
more detail follows below .
not a single smile was seen .
maybe they recently came under new management .
she also hung up without saying " goodbye " .
just flat out hung up on me .
had chicken an waffles , not great meal overall .
server was not terribly friendly .
quickly told no because the kitchen is backed up .
there was no seating in the entrance .
staff not friendly at all .
wasted my money at this place .
this was my second visit .
food and service were very disappointing .
the girl at the counter was so rude .
the pie was terrible !
all i can say is bland bland bland .
the place wasn't even full .
the service was rude and o refills have come .
the pie was a mess on plate .
food is terrible , arrived cold and tasteless .
tables are dirty everything is dusty and old .
for the pickles and bourbon pecan pie .
don't know what that was all about .
we won't be going back .
also , the prices were a bit high .
this place kinda sucks .
not worth it as this place is remarkably unremarkable .
the barbecue brisket was fairly tough and bland .
the coleslaw was tasteless .
crappy breakfast and crappy service .
not homemade at all , just a tourist trap .
trash cans overflowing out front .
we had a horrible experience here yesterday .
i'm glad we left and didn't eat there .
no need to try it again .
menu is too limited .
this was my first visit to rock springs cafe .
i tried the meatloaf dinner and was sorely disappointed !
why change things if customers are always coming in ?
greasy flavorless mexican food .
the food was nasty !
but this is not it .
would not suggest this to anyone .
first of all , that name is completely misleading .
it was horrible and i only ate the chips .
this place is horrible .
idk why this place is called a steakhouse .
have n't eaten bk is a while .
my hubby 's burger wasn't that much better .
i like bk , but this one was gross !
it's not like i'm eating here for free .
thee worst bk i have ever been to !
i couldn't even dare finish my burger .
terrible service , terrible food , bad attitude .
however , it is a low end medical clinic .
i'm not a picky person .
the worst mexican food i've had in years .
my wife and i ate here last friday night .
there weren't many patrons inside when we got there .
doesn't the staff eat any of this ?
do yourself a favor and skip this place .
the food is seriously that bad !
service is bad and slow .
servers are not trained in good service skills .
only giving one star because zero is not avail !
stopped eating , paid the bill and never returned !
i don't know how they stay in business .
the restaurant is never busy when this happens .
but there are positives .
the tables the floors the walls just gross dirty .
maybe the food wasn't that good .
the enchilada was covered in a kinda bland mole .
the food was passable , but not very good .
nasty nasty nasty i was very disappointed .
next time order with no lettuce .
subpar food with mediocre pricing .
nothing to consider authentic mexican nor southwestern .
i couldn't eat the rice .
the kitchen has gotten lazy .
i looked online and the menu had ground beef .
i came here thinking it was a butcher shop .
not much of a selection .
clerk not particularly friendly .
i just walked out very mad !
very unprofessional and very rude !
after checking in , i opened the blinds .
the room was left in a disgusting state .
no one asked how our stay was .
no , no , no !
left early couldn't take it .
old bed with no support !
gross pool and hot tub .
the room looked like it had just been used .
pool area was disgusting .
the absolute worst motel experience i have ever had .
most folks stay one night and the leave .
these chickens died for nothing .
no more salad bar , what a joke .
so , the next week i ordered again .
it's never been fresh .
the only redeeming quality is the staff .
the service is bad .
no toppings except literally on the top .
really disappointed at this .
i would recommend to speed up your service .
she noticed but said nothing .
it sure ain't the dinner or the service .
bill johnson 's has been in the valley forever .
the service is bad .
the food was not very good .
this is not the big apple from my childhood .
horrible experience , bad service , sub-par food .
stay away from this bad bbq and sides .
really , really , really bad !
watered down pork soup with bbq sauce on it .
this place is bad .
i mean really bad .
the food was gross .
there service was terrible .
she was bland and uninterested and slow as hell .
she didn't even clear old dishes .
so there is no reason to go back .
never again will i dine here .
the cooks here are lousy .
i could not eat it !
they are however consistently inconsistent .
chicken strips overcooked with a hard crust .
no bueno no flavor to it .
there was no steak sauce .
don't hate your self and go somewhere else .
in for a big disappointment .
problem with my service .
no hi , nothing !
that wasn't the case here .
wow , dirty bathrooms , dirty concession stand .
don't even get me started on the stalls !
that 's just poor management right there .
that place needs a bad make over .
it has gone downhill each time .
i seriously doubt i'll ever go back .
there 's just too many options now .
they can't even get a digital display ?
it was just awkward .
i didn't see a real popcorn maker .
the popcorn wasn't even good and tasted old .
this place is as ghetto as it gets .
it's a shame they don't take pride in it .
obviously the owners just don't care .
the rest room was atrocious !
every meal has come to me cold .
i like the chicken enchilada soup and ceasar salad .
service is very slow .
and recently i tried them again.
they are consistently disappointing .
will not be back .
summary : low quality food , poor preparation .
don't go here , try any other restaurant !
then he wanted to give me my money back .
the salad was tiny and disgusting .
worst burger of my life .
so tonight before i ordered tonight i ask .
guess i will be drinking water tonight !
none of them actually helped .
no not coming back .
restaurant was very dirty !
horrible and the worst ever customer service .
needless to say we made the absolute wrong decision .
the manager gave it to us for free .
steak was over cooked and cold .
this place is way too expensive .
even the bread was bland .
the acoustics are horrible !
went here for lunch , big mistake .
so now i tell everyone to avoid this place .
my husband 's dish really wasn't any better .
a lack of concern for their service is obvious .
the brunch menu was extremely limited .
very disappointed in this place .
i don't see us returning any time soon .
our appetizer of stuffed mushrooms were plain and tasteless .
all in all , will not return .
don't take reservations if you can't keep them .
after such a long wait the food was unremarkable .
overpriced on top of a unimpressive meal !
the service was very slow .
you might assume it was busy .
one of the drinks were wrong , not surprised .
the bread was hard , old , and dry .
the other meals that we ordered were mediocre .
food was pricey and just not good .
something is definitely wrong with this restaurant .
unfortunately , it is now sub-par .
i was not impressed with my bolognese .
it was bland and definitely not seasoned enough .
as it came out , it looked yummy .
i was very excited to try bella luna .
i was pretty disappointed .
the food was " eh " at best .
the soup ( beef barley ) was just blah .
no one offered parm or cracked pepper or anything .
i was disappointed to say the least .
no biggie i can just ask for more .
it really killed the ambiance .
needless to say , we won't be back .
fries were soggy and cold .
only ordered medium fries and a strawberry banana smoothie .
terrible service , terrible menu .
wish i could give negative stars .
the staff is an utter fail .
dining room at 7:30 pm was straight up dirty .
the drive thru was not very busy .
this business does not deserve to be open .
okay that was little rude !
it was bland , cold , and dry .
my experience was horrible .
my food was not fresh .
it was cold , disgusting and nothing was season !
it was like they gave me leftover food .
i wouldn't recommend this place to a dog !
food came quickly , however steak wasn't cook correctly .
food was mediocre and price was way to high .
had no crust on it .
the ribeye was thin .
like ihop steak thin .
you'll get better food than at this place .
steaks are not top quality and service was horrific !
broccoli was too hard to cut with a fork .
food was lacking flavor also way overpriced !
sad , just sad .
we ordered the steak quesadilla and it was terrible .
tonight we were seated in the bar area .
the manager was not any better .
i was ready to simply walk out .
but the food is just lacking .
i'm ordering all electronics from amazon from now on .
horrible just horrible customer service with geek squad !
danny was not a joy to work with .
just horrible a week wasted !
absolutely no customer service .
no point at all .
you just lost a sale !
now i feel like i've been cheated .
it's fast food , i guess mistakes will happen .
the most rude , unprofessional staff i ever encountered .
office staff was less than helpful .
they didn't bother to look up his account .
but my insurance provider insist on using this company .
this store has terrible customer service .
-the check-out here is almost worse than hobby lobby !
so clueless about any general questions when i asked .
dodge the cars at your own risk !
the staff over here are really rude and unprofessional .
i've stopped going to this poorly appointed coffee shop .
the staff was not so friendly .
it's been dirty for years .
i don't understand how it can still be open .
sad because we really liked this store .
avoid the pharmacy at all cost .
they are incompetent and rude .
pretty disappointed that everything at this cvs is broken .
the photo department is the worse !
if i could give negative stars i would !
like are you kidding me ?
food was ok , service was sub-par .
still would probably just go home hungry .
i didn't even finish half the steak !
the food was pathetic .
the steaks were not rare , they were raw .
signage is off , fence surrounding it .
this place is terrible .
dont waste you time .
obviously she wasn't tipped .
this is the second bad experience at this location .
just had lunch in their newly remodeled store .
both food orders were awful .
the steaks were over cooked and oh so small .
worst customer service and food ever !
it's not that complicated , you know .
screaming kids were awful .
i had a terrible experience here .
they had wooden floors and an open feel .
next the service was awful !
the hostess not friendly , first waitress not friendly .
don't spend your money here .
i am never going back to that place .
bartender was only good thing about this place !
slow service , cold food & nasty bathrooms !
this place has been horrible .
but this is horrible .
this was my first bad experience !
went to applebee 's for a bite sunday night .
not quite like the applebee 's i'm used to .
applebee 's left a lot to be desired .
the burgers looks so much better on tv .
she was really racist as well .
will not be going back !
what a terrible place .
they make them completely wrong .
the hostess from the start wasn't pleasant .
not your best applebee 's .
won't be going back .
the people that work here are always extremely rude .
even the " manager " is completely clueless .
my husband and i stopped by for lunch today .
there are always leftovers .
we are all disappointed .
that made me really angry .
i will not be returning .
the waitress wasn't attentive .
very poor customer service .
food was just okay , server was just okay .
we see no reason to rush back .
the bathroom was a mess and smelled awful .
running out at 6:00 p.m. : really ?
more delay and no apologies .
1st & only time at a macaroni grill .
one visit , i ordered pesto sauce with pasta .
the pesto had no flavor .
i was a watery green thin and oily sauce .
didn't taste basil or nuts of any kind .
don't even bother with it !
spaghetti and meat sauce was also bland !
do i feel rip off !
nothing really beyond that sticks out .
the waitress never returned to our table .
however , today the service was exceptionally terrible .
another table sat down at about the same time .
don't go here for good service !
the food was cold and dry !
but this was a horrible experience !
others will know of this bad service !
this restaurant was no different .
service in this branch is pathetic .
it's not the servers ' fault .
they were not prepared for our arrival .
but they do not have gluten free menu .
had dinner here tonight .
the service was lousy .
this place is very unorganized .
i will not be back .
the sauce on the pasta i ordered was disgusting .
the place was dead .
that should have been my first clue .
uh , not the introduction of welcome .
the food was bad too .
speed of service : slow .
the food portion sizes for to-go are horrible .
sad to say but i gave up on them .
we got our water and drinks but then nothing .
the portions are mostly pasta , hardly any meat .
the potatoes were refrigerator warm meaning they were cold .
overall the food is over priced and not good .
it only tasted like rosemary .
so , it was returned for a salad .
sorry but this one just completely missed the mark .
i have to say , we were disappointed .
what a waste of time and money !
this establishment is disgusting .
that didn't seem to matter , though .
there are too many other choices .
not bringing my friends nor family at macaroni grill .
i booked an appointment for my dad .
they left all four of my wheels absolutely filthy !
eh , no thanks !
so so so terrible .
i was not a fan .
it is poblano or nothing , people !
another mex restaurant disappointment .
every staff member we encountered was rude .
there is too much other good food around town .
i have decided that i hate this place .
overpriced wan na be mexican food .
seating way too tight .
food bland no seasoning .
chips stale and cold with meh salsa .
we went there on new years eve .
we won't bother eating there again .
the positives ended there , though .
very overpriced , to begin with .
very over priced for generic mexican food .
but hard not to think that .
no we won't be back .
however , the one in goodyear is terrible .
we will not return again .
wandered in here on a friday night .
seriously could not understand a word he said .
won't become a favorite .
the bar tender was soooo rude .
never ever ever going back .
this place has gone downhill in cleanliness .
won't go back again .
the entrees themselves are not good .
all in all a horrible dining experience .
there was no wait and were seated right away .
my enchiladas and rice were ok , nothing special .
the food : bad .
yes , it's a chain and not authentic .
they were horribly understaffed when we ate there .
we will not come back .
this place was awful !
they seated us quickly that was a plus .
our food was not tasty at all .
the tortillas for the burritos were cold .
very disappointed with the service , hostess and managers .
food was cold and manager was rude and unprofessional .
i do not recommend this place .
chips were not authentic , homemade .
salsa tastes like it came from a jar .
server was a little clueless about customer service .
food is typical mex , at best .
the restaurant needs to be cleaned .
this is not quality food folks .
everything is overly salty and the queso .
their beans taste stale and their staff is rude .
this place is awful .
they were rude , inattentive , and incompetent .
i wouldn't recommend anyone go here for any reason .
i won't be going back .
just not a pleasant experience .
there were tons of empty places .
we will not be coming back .
tamales had way too much sugar in the masa .
fajitas had no seasoning .
churros were undercooked and doughy .
very sad day today .
it was not worth a complaint .
the worst part was the ambiance though .
long wait only to be seated and wait longer .
wait staff was mediocre .
apparently sitting outside means no server .
it has reheated food and is definitely not authentic .
table sticky silverware not clean .
beans & rice had a sour taste .
can't get more without paying for it .
not accommodating for the prices charged either !
more of a disappointment and a bummer .
he's in the wrong business .
wow was i wrong !
we will not be back !
the service is lackluster at best .
the green beans weren't the worst .
however , the country gravy was truly unfortunate .
country & western music plays constantly .
i was so disappointed .
there food is greasy and so unhealthy .
the corn muffins were tasteless .
big portions at bargain prices ?
disappointed with my meatloaf dinner .
looked good but was cold .
the mash potatoes too .
she was slow and rude .
flagged others down for more coffee and water .
service not good , food mediocre .
hash brown casserole is gross .
why did he order such inappropriate food ?
i had a bad experience with this hospital .
the beds are terrible .
great for the skin , but bad for sleep .
horrible wait time in er ( several hours ) .
i wouldn't send an enemy to this place .
they don't even deserve a star !
he was not able to keep anything down .
none of this was suggested at the hospital .
none of this was discovered there .
not a good first impression .
i'm a physician and this is not acceptable !
as i walked out the nurse said your welcome .
skip that , it does no good .
don't bother doing the quick check in .
worst hospital in the entire state .
if your sick , go to any other hospital .
i have lost all trust in this facility .
if i could give it a zero i would .
i went in for horrific headache and was admitted .
this hospital kills people .
shows how much he cares .
this location however i will never return to .
wtf is that crap ?
it might be better to find someone else .
it was embarrassing , and very costly .
however , it got worse .
my response was that was not acceptable .
not all can be wrong .
plane was not clean .
food is beyond crappy .
okay , did i say bad ?
they lost my luggage .
stayed another hour on the plane .
lost luggage on the way there .
it fell out of a bus !
i booked a trip to kona from phoenix .
then there was the return trip .
even the manager is rude !
it was so horrible !
i always like to throw positives first as praise .
i wouldn't even give this place one star .
this is a dirty old fashioned run down place .
rude staff and rude patrons will keep me away .
but i could tell this was not her priority .
i can't wait to change primary care providers .
wait time is ridiculous .
however , their breakfast was really bad .
tip of large knife was broken off .
um , uh , what ?
had to leave it was so gross and disgusting .
my boyfriend ordered the same combo , as is .
they said they would remake our sandwiches .
the wife and i were craving some arby 's .
the fries and shake did not disappoint .
didn't hand me my drink and shut the window .
the staff that helps you order glasses was terrible .
felt rushed to pick out frames .
i would not recommend .
i have had the worst luck with this place .
the wait time here is ridiculous !
the worst though was the pop machine .
a total nightmare of an experience with this lot .
i return the car four days later , .
they don't even deserve a star .
if you do decide to rent be very careful !
the car selection is bad too .
worst customer service and organization at this location .
the one person is outside showing a car rental .
the phone line is ringing like crazy .
rented a dodge and it was dirty .
it was not cleaned before us .
go somewhere else is not worth the headache .
poor customer service - sad employees .
if i could give negative stars , i would .
i was basically just handed the keys .
ridiculous doesn't even describe this place .
they gave me the same smokey car !
this mcdonalds is the worst !
the office ladies are extremely rude !
very rude ladies in the office .
i got the worst manicure yesterday .
the customer service is the worst .
it's already the 16th of january and still nothing .
i'm having to go through the expedia customer service .
hopefully they can get my money back .
dated but reasonably clean .
this place is low budget !
there were no towels in the room .
the property is run down and not nice anyway .
this experience is just not right .
no movie channel on the tv .
pool was pretty and staff was friendly .
older furnishings and a little worn down .
the hotel was awful !
the first room we had reeked of cigarette smoke .
then we left this dump and went to vegas .
never again best western .
i was completely blown away by this .
zero attempt to help me find a room anywhere .
they just kicked me to the curb .
he was rude and didn't really listen to me .
man , this place sucks .
the service was awful .
our server disappeared halfway through our dinner .
just as bad experience all together .
the place was pretty empty .
the nasty " swiss cheese ? "
the waitress then came back and took our order .
when the manager arrives shes rude .
this is by far the worst .
cheap but still not worth it .
won't be going back to this location .
i don't think paying customers deserve this treatment .
but this meal was incredibly awful .
worst taco hell ever .
avoid at all cost .
life 's nasty ; get over it !
the manager was very unprofessional and rude .
i will never return here .
their customer service is awful !
sounds good doesn't it ?
unfortunately that was a mistake .
horrible service and even worse food .
i will never go back to this shit hole !
food is fair , atmosphere is fair .
the quality of food is poor .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
every time we come in the service sucks .
house experience come on down to this location .
granted it's a sunday , terrible service all around .
our waiter had a attitude and was rude .
service and food was bad .
not a very good store in my opinion .
and the check out process is way too long .
beautiful store but pharmacy is slow and frustrating .
i didn't realize it until i got home .
this place is horrible .
it was clearly noticeable when she got home .
i'm very disappointed in their service .
this is so unacceptable .
no , i love shopping at target .
it is hard to find things at this place .
why is this target neglected of cleanliness ?
target , please get self checkout .
i don't want to talk to your cashier .
and the lady at the desk was rude !
ill never come to this target location again !
she didn't even look at me .
very unpleasant and unprofessional !
went to wendy 's for dinner tonight .
i wish the fireplace actually put out heat .
tables were dirty and needed to be wiped down .
the flavor was nothing special .
should 've gone for the spicy nuggets .
the potatoes were just as bad .
cold and hard and obviously not fresh .
this was bad , even for fast food .
it literally wasn't hot one bit .
luckily , my husband did not fall for it .
im not allowed a basic cleaning ?
unfortunately this restaurant needs improvement .
are you kidding me ?
first time the service was lacking .
atmosphere , furniture was an improvement .
won't be visiting this location anymore .
doubt ill be going to this location much more .
one star because zero stars are n't allowed .
and they're not even that busy .
worst restaurant experience ever .
pretty dirty too , especially the restrooms .
upon arriving home my car looked like an explosion .
now i get attitude .
what a mistake that was .
this is absurd customer service .
my dishwasher never worked how is this my problem ?
so frustrated with the lack of customer care !
worst store ever i was overcharged for a box .
he needs training in customer service and manners .
no such luck to an easy fix .
no response to floral department .
food is cold and not good at all !
and the service is bad !
are you kidding me ?
well apparently first time there was a fluke .
can't recommend ever again .
should 've been a clue .
also , their produce is frequently of poor quality .
there were several people without appointments as well .
they keep answering the phone then hang up .
how the hell do you run a business !
overall this salon is dishonest and unprofessional .
the leasing staff is constantly turning over .
dana , the manager , is a nightmare .
they had no furniture and couldn't speak english .
unfortunately management is well aware .
i really do not like anything about this place .
this place is a terrible value .
would not reccomend to my mother in law .
unfortunately , it was not .
i'm not talking about " authenticity " .
it was gross and bland .
the taco shells were hard , but not crunchy .
went here for lunch with coworkers .
no tomatoes , onions , beans , cheese .
for my salad , um no .
very small portions and not worth it .
it's good but not very big .
food bland , salsas bland , chips bland .
not a full service restaurant .
i like to try all little small business restaurants .
the meat was tough and flavorless .
the corn tortillas were almost see thru and hard .
it gets better the rice & beans were bland .
they just desperately need a new cook .
later it was changed to 2pm .
the food this year was weak .
the room i stayed in was very dated .
the people working were doing their best , though .
there are no vending machines , either .
there is no excuse for this .
it was unbelievably disappointing .
no one offered to compensate us in any way .
spend your money elsewhere .
i would never suggest this resort to a friend .
the rooms were old and gross .
maybe half a star , it had a bed .
my water glass remained empty throughout the meal .
please spend your hard earned money elsewhere .
appears to be family friendly but really isn't .
not a good meal .
my advise , stay away .
if you are planning a conference here , stop !
as others have said -- rooms are worn out .
you can connect but no pages will load .
not staying here again .
you hardly get time to ride the water slides .
looking toward the bed the room looked very nice .
there 's a sitting area and desk .
our room also had a very odd smell .
we will not return next year .
i requested no cheese on them even .
i nearly lost my appetite .
truly awful experience and will not be back !
visited the old pueblo for lunch .
it looked like scrambled eggs with chili .
not impressed at all .
there is no quality control .
so , when crowded , stay away .
probably would not come back .
service is terrible , two hours to be served .
it almost takes effort to screw up mexican food !
they were absolutely horrible !
the side of rice and beans were tasteless !
the only good thing is the chips and salsa .
it came out stone cold .
they didn't even care !
this place is a disgusting excuse for a restaurant .
this place sucks , not good mexican food .
service & food sucked .
sometimes it a miss though .
i have nothing good to say about their food .
their chile relleno made me gag .
it was by far the worst .
the taste was disgusting .
the chicken enchiladas were extremely dry and tasteless .
their only saving grace is the chips and drinks .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
last few times have been very disappointing .
it's friday night , hire some attentive staff .
service was absolutely horrible .
the guacamole was tasteless .
everything was bad all around .
service was not good at all .
the wait staff was inattentive and lazy .
they don't give you dishes for chips and salsa .
house margarita was watered down and too sweet .
thursday night around 9pm .
i won't be back .
won't be going back .
food was very bland as well .
the food is poor quality .
i do not like this restaurant .
service not great and too loud .
service in bar area horrible !
weak margarita but awesome chips , salsa and guacamole .
isn't this a mexican restaurant ?
not edible and not mexican food .
both salsas were not very good .
just not very good .
they refused to take the part back .
no call and no email .
the worst company we have ever encountered .
most frustrating an disappointing experience of our lives .
too expensive for services done .
very disappointed with this salon .
when i walked in the door .
don't waste your money here !
it has the most incompetent , slow employees ever !
order is usually wrong , and workers are rude .
here is a list of other problems .
otherwise you will regret eating this garbage !
it's mcdonald 's , it's bad food .
this location is bad at making bad food .
the drive through line is horrible when busy !
smh never going here again .
the manager didn't even give a shit .
this mcdonald 's doesn't even deserve 1/2 star .
stay far away from this establishment !
worst customer service skills ever this manger had .
nor does the management .
it's really a shame .
they can't get one order right .
even for the reduced rate it was a rip-off .
the zoo itself is substandard .
first , the cost was ridiculously expensive .
way too expensive for a second rate zoo .
i would not recommend this place for this price !
it was truly sad to see .
admission is way too expensive for this zoo .
which is completely dirt , no landscaping to enjoy .
laying on the floor with it's tail in urine .
we were extremely disappointed in our trip .
the map was not accurate .
the admission price was way too high .
worst zoo i've ever been too .
way over priced for a filthy facility .
will never waste my money here again .
place reeks of piss .
for the most part , this was a disappointment .
and not sure why indoor exhibits smell like crap .
i don't know what 's happening to this place .
but i don't like it .
the aquarium is boring .
and it stinks to high heaven .
this place is crazy expensive to get into .
disappointed in this zoo .
not a lot of big game animals .
overall , i can't recommend this zoo .
it's hard to review this place .
some of the enclosed exhibits , e.g .
our vehicle was in plain sight !
he also looks miserable .
high prices and poor animal care !
don't wear flip flops or white shoes .
i do not recommend this place .
it has grown immensely .
they honestly don't care .
the manager was " unable " to assist .
disappointed kids all around at this point .
both parties made a mistake .
their cages look extremely dirty and very small .
totally feel taken advantage of !
employees were not very friendly but no problems .
they also didn't have many animals .
the petting zoo was ridiculous .
they're just letting it sink into the earth .
it was kind of sad .
some of the exhibits needed attention too .
i was so disappointed .
an overall disappointing experience .
the bathrooms are horrendous and super disgusting .
the cost of the rides was ridiculous .
no , i'm not kidding .
do not go here , save your money .
park maintenance not in good condition .
these poor animals were stressed out .
the restrooms were disgusting .
i have never been so disappointed .
very deceptive and very disappointing .
they also don't have many animals .
dirty everywhere , no grass , trees or shade .
it made me very sad for these beautiful creatures .
how depressing for them .
if we noticed this why didn't the staff .
first time here and very disappointed .
now for the aquarium also disappointing .
theres trash all over the ground .
take your pick , they're all filthy .
the aquarium is just depressing .
i'm assuming it was food poisoning .
just don't go there .
lots of flies and not so nice staff .
don't stop for gas at this shell station .
don't use the women 's room .
our last visit was quite the opposite , unfortunately .
store isn't very organized .
filed a complaint and never received a call back !
i mean , really ?
the workers are terrible .
they will typically get your order wrong .
people have screwed up every order i've made .
they cant get simple orders correct .
i don't believe this place !
no counter person at all .
they just looked at me while i stood there .
no professionalism at all .
i will avoid this place in the future .
i walked out i was so mad .
as usual , lousy service .
plenty of hot coffee but no smoothies on demand .
they looked understaffed again .
this particular mcdonald 's if poorly managed .
it was tough , tasteless and not even warm .
this location is awful .
we walked out and will never be back .
dinner however was just blah .
both said it was totally bland .
needless to say we will not be back .
nothing special here , just another big name franchise .
take your time and money elsewhere .
never a fan of this place .
no wonder why applebee 's closed locations in chicago .
the service is horrible .
don't waste your time or money .
needless to say , i will not come back .
for the price it could have been better .
the manager came over and just brushed everything off .
applebees surprise is off the list .
worst applebees we have ever been to .
you are better off with burger king .
very dirty restaurant , and very slow service .
there were only three tables sitting in the restaurant .
disgusting , won't be returning soon .
stopped off to get some dinner .
this place is god awful !
not worth the time or money .
this isn't a concert .
this should not be allowed .
then did not get the part when promised .
don't let them fool you too .
he asked if i heard it - i didnt .
customer service is almost non existent .
how about , waste more time .
what is even more appalling is the management .
i wasn't even parked anywhere near the depot .
they just sent someone outside to get them .
i will never return to this home depot .
actually , home depot is a big zero .
nothing has been resolved .
this is not the case .
this is my second visit to resolve an issue .
not just a handful .
and the chicken was dry , but edible .
i won't give this location another try .
very disappointed , in the food .
the dog was wearing a service coat .
he didn't care if she was a service dog .
more expensive then california .
pedicure was a rush .
i will never use discount tires again .
not good customer service !
we will not return here in the future .
i didn't figure it would take long .
i just grabbed the keys and left .
she did not smile .
she did not welcome me to burger king .
no thank you or any thing .
outback has just lost it for us .
this girl knows rotten when she sees it .
i can't believe it .
i instantly spit out my food and felt sick .
it wasn't his fault the food was so horrible .
the manager did nothing to make it right .
if there were negative stars i would give five .
there is no way it was getting better .
i just wish the food was better .
first off , my mom and i ordered margaritas .
there was no alcohol in it .
the lobster was so chewy and tasteless .
the toppings on it added nothing .
it was so disappointing .
there are 5-6 tables where i am sitting .
all in all a disappointing visit .
hit or miss at this location .
our food was beyond underwhelming !
it was very dry and overcooked .
please temp the food please !
mainly fat and bone .
it's now 12:30 and i'm starving and pissed off .
bad service , unprofessional staff and bad food .
could not get any worse .
once we received our food , the disappointment hit !
don't waste your money !
otherwise , it is overwhelming for customers .
new york pizza , this is not !
hand leftovers decided not to eat them .
the pepperoni 's were not cooked .
it didnt even taste like pizza .
its like they dont even know there own recipes !
wtf is up , az albertsons ?
the trunk wouldn't close properly .
worst customer service ever !
first time : bad haircut .
our dog was bleeding from his butt .
however i thought the receptionist was very rude .
treat us like we're poor and disgusting ?
sent it back they washed the back window only .
go anywhere else and you will get better service .
i shouldn't have to track down a manager .
why can't it be done properly the first time ?
the manager needs people skills badly .
she looked confused and just stared at him .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
i won't be going back .
i would leave no stars if it was possible .
they didn't vacuum very well missed so much .
do not get a detail !
the customer service is terrible .
so we can't help you .
but they didn't end up thin .
worst worst pedicure ever !
i couldn't believe it .
please please don't waste your money here .
cheap , fast , friendly .
no way to run a business .
every time i go here i regret it .
my last visit was disappointing .
the sodas were flat and warm ( ick !
everyone 's breakfast sausage was dry and bland .
but this place sucks now !
but this place has none !
get ur dam act together !
waitress : sausage or bacon ?
because she didn't seem like she was .
i won't be visiting again .
i will not go back there !
will not be back .
not the best ihop i ever been to .
that 's probably why he got our order wrong .
right by the entrance too !
will not be eating here anymore .
it smelled of sewage , just disgusting .
don't know why i expected more from this chain .
breakfast was cold and tasteless .
can't imagine what happens when it's busy .
there was no wait to be seated .
i could go on but , why ?
pathetic place , will never go back !
i would have to disagree with the other reviews .
this place is dishonest and over charge their customers .
this facility and its owner , and employees .
i wouldn't trust them at all .
we refused the entire order .
pizza hut has gone down hill fast .
still have received no call .
i wish zero was an option here .
pizza and wings both cold .
however , we will not come back .
my experience started off terrible .
i can't believe i even paid for that experience .
you couldn't pay me to go back .
do not go to this nail salon .
i'm very disappointed with how much i spent .
she sat there watching tv .
this is not cool .
they had almost no food done .
the workers weren't at their best tonight .
girl forget to give me receipt .
finally over charge was corrected .
i called the companies corporate office in california .
this was extremely frustrating .
so i walked out .
there was no talking to the veterinarian .
is the veterinarian even looking at my dog ?
i was really annoyed .
it's actually laughable at this point .
because that 's the only way you'd make money .
hard to even give this place one star .
our dog was bleeding from his butt .
however i thought the receptionist was very rude .
treat us like we're poor and disgusting ?
didn't know i needed an appointment for a hospital .
why do i pay you guys money again ?
not sure i'll be back .
yet still no flavor .
c'mon , ben 's owners !
, the quality is hit or miss .
they are so rude there !
this is not how you handle business .
excellence in service wasn't so excellent .
never returning to this place again .
it is not going to change .
never again red lobster never again .
when we got there the table was not ready .
the service was terrible .
he looked like he had been there for awhile .
no food poisoning for us , thank you !
i am very seriously horrified .
please don't waste your money here .
terrible conditions in prime time of year .
they wouldn't even offer to repair it .
i would never stay here again .
so some people out there ate rat tortillas .
frozen yogurt is either vanilla or chocolate .
pizza was not very good .
our toddler didn't even like it .
the service is slow .
the pizza is horrible .
i'm not sure why people go back .
i won't be back .
worst retail gun shop experience of my life .
take your money elsewhere !
i will not go again .
i requested my money back which they gave me .
a child could have done better .
the room was not worth what we paid .
do not go to this bakery !
the staff is very unprofessional and rude .
the pastries seem old and stale .
just such an ugly stale environment all around .
the desserts we picked were not very good .
worse sandwich i have ever had in my life .
it was worse then bubble gum .
the service is horrible .
no how can i help you .
worst service i have ever experienced .
i didn't have a very good experience shopping here .
this is my least favorite yarn shop .
" no , no bun . "
no problem , i'll take chili cheese .
the first thing he handed me was the frosty .
no chili or cheese .
so they replaced it with a large fries .
no big deal just pass this place .
dry burger with very little toppings .
remind me to never come back here .
hate to write negative reviews .
fries were undercooked and the burger crap .
cold and soggy lettuce and tomato .
threw the crap away .
not for family or dates .
i will never come back to this place again .
rude , dirty , disgusting .
sorry , but she deserves to be fired .
the next day i sent the plans as promised .
worst customer service ever !
enterprise just lost my yearly business !
naturally , i said poor .
are you kidding me ?
i said okay , i'll leave it .
i went down there and dropped off the car .
terrible hours and worse customer service .
we won't be going back .
went to this establishment once after it reopened .
the restaurant was busy but not packed .
i didn't feel very skeptical .
i ordered the sub , hubby ordered medium wings .
the bread was old , the marinara was nasty .
it didn't even look like real wings .
even the water was nasty .
only good thing , our waitress was nice .
the sauce was absolutely horrible .
the toppings are of remarkably poor quality .
do not waste your money .
crust doughy , sauce bland .
a crime to call this ny style pizza .
this is not ny pizza !
overall the pizza was not very good !
food is decent , but the service is horrible .
not even a call from management to apologize .
i will not be back .
really slow service and for just a mediocre sandwich .
recently had pizza and wings plus two drinks .
worst service of my life .
this was the worst dining experience i've ever had .
i will not return to this facility .
wish i could give it negative stars .
the cooking is very inconsistent .
really disappointed overall and won't be back .
inconsistent pizza quality -- - hit and miss .
the place was virtually empty .
the customer service is awful .
people there were very annoyed , and getting frustrated .
they simply do not care .
course was in terrible shape .
don't waste your time at this course .
paid too much for a horrible golf course .
do not waste your money on this course .
never saw a beverage cart .
they are very inconsistent at making their drinks .
this location is the worst around .
the baristas were rude and pushy with their products .
the staffing here is terrible .
better service there & better drinks .
slowest and most disorganized starbucks ever !
i will never return to this starbucks again .
i have never had worse service in my life .
i have never been so disrespected in my life .
a story i did not need to hear .
so , it ain't bad .
worst chicken ever , it was like rubber .
this time it was ok and not as nasty !
not my pleasure , not a fan .
the manager was rude !
my chicken sandwich was soggy .
it's not worth it .
really don't want to give one star .
greasy dark fried strips .
chicken noodle soup had zero chicken in it .
the restaurant seats , table and floors were filthy .
this place is run down and seen better days .
i said out loud does anyone even work here ?
this place is ridiculous .
side he becomes urgent care doc .
do not come here if you need urgent care !
not a good place to go !
urgent care shouldn't be such a painful process .
what a waste of time !
they don't care about anything other than money .
very unhappy with them .
vanilla ice cream with wet nuts and baby roaches .
okay , no ice cream for me , thanks .
not that she'll tell you that !
no , is his response .
i say , they don't give you a gps ?
the clerk was helping some one order a coffee .
this place is a disaster !
the workers are down right lazy and rude .
learned my lesson to never , ever go back .
she wouldn't do it .
this place is a horrible .
never , ever , again .
apologized that the order was wrong .
it actually didn't taste that bad .
a ten buck pizza for almost thirty .
the store reeked of cigarette smoke .
i like safeway but i hate shopping here .
hire some check out people please and staff appropriately !
had a horrible experience .
most horrible experience ever !
boy , were we wrong .
i am sincerely disappointed i your company .
worst online buying experience ever !
no one could help me .
customer service says call the store .
don't use target , it's just not worst it !
i thanked him and walked toward the entrance .
worst customer service ever .
so , we waited .
spend more get better !
how the hell was i drunk ?
failed to fully impress .
there is no excuse .
no , you're not .
don't waste your money !
please don't waste your money !
the side effect is , i did get sick .
but i shouldn't have ordered the ice cream .
but they shouldn't be doing that .
the chips were overdone and the salsa was bland !
and the enchilada was beef , not cheese .
this was basically watered down lime juice .
service at night was very very slow .
won't be going back .
no refills offered on chips or drinks .
the room was cold .
you couldn't pay me to eat there again .
we will not be coming back .
waitress said she couldn't help it .
don't waste your time or money here .
big mistake , huge .
went tonight and ordered two shredded beef tacos .
total mess and waste of money .
cold poor quality tasteless food and horrible service .
not a melted block of cheese .
but i will not be returning .
does not return customer phone calls / messages .
the food sucked and cost to much .
i got sucked in by advertising .
but this dominos always gets my online order wrong !
all three times i ordered there everything was wrong .
but i wasn't doing anything remotely noisy .
will not set foot in another harkins theater .
paid extra for 3d and got a crappy screen .
don't see this one in 3d here !
worst hd service dept ever seen .
unfortunately he never contacted me .
needless to say i expressed my disappointment !
as of today , still no call !
he would not go away .
getting this aggressive and rude is horrible business .
think twice before you do business with arrowhead hd .
not one person said hi except for the women .
i ignored it and carried on my way .
i was a little disappointed .
i didn't experience this .
complete waste of time .
simply not worth it !
i saw absolutely nothing " special " about anything .
overall a waste of time and money .
it's really not worth your time or money .
not a lot to see and do .
not a place for adults .
staff however was welcoming .
will not be going back .
seriously save your money you've been warned .
if i could give it no stars i would .
what a waste of time !
all interactive displays were either broken or turned off .
displays were in hallways and were dimly lit .
almost a completely waste of time .
would never go again and certainly never recommend .
the museum really doesn't have anything to offer .
very disappointed in the space center .
do t waste your money .
you can find better information on google .
not at all what i expected .
there wasn't much to look at at all .
i don't like her mood .
what kind of excuse is that ?
unfortunately , it needs a renovation .
the luggage cart was missing .
the room was not particularly clean .
my stay at comfort suites was ok .
the furniture is all very dirty .
i really don't like this place .
overpriced and not good .
gourmet burgers my ass .
not so much with the guacamole burger .
but that doesn't mean i got ta like it .
in general , red robin isn't fantastic .
i still don't know why we weren't given fries .
my husband and i went there for lunch today .
it's not as appetizing as it sounds .
chicken was hard to cut with a knife !
it was way overdone , dry & chewy .
he did bring me another iced tea after awhile .
we never got to sit down .
the hostess didn't show up until five minutes later .
does anyone work at this red robin ?
needless to say we felt rushed .
anyhow , my soup was lukewarm .
ordered the bbq chicken sandwich last night .
what else isn't getting washed ?
also , burgers came out overcooked .
this time there 's no excuse .
you'll get better service that way .
food was so-so and the service was bad .
this arrowhead location fell way short of the mark .
they lost our business !
however , i'm huge on customer service .
one star is too much .
the service was the absolute worst ever .
this is by far the worst service ever .
understaffed , poorly trained , unorganized , and ridiculous .
our " bottomless " beverages were never refilled .
we walked in and the hostess was very friendly .
i was already a little annoyed by this .
i also don't have anymore water .
some people got really frustrated and left .
the service was so slow .
our date night was ruined .
the food was sub-par to above average .
will not go back and will press the word .
just brought over the bill .
clearly states in menu no charge .
so steve apparently worked his magic .
they tell me that they can not help me .
shame on this place !
this club was really creepy .
the ice is bad , the price outrageous .
no one mentioned there was no public skating tonight .
the original worker then left the counter !
michaels would 've been a better choice .
so difficult to find anything in this place .
i won't be using midas again for anything .
they over price their parts and have poor workmanship .
i'd give them a zero if i could .
it's just not possible .
don't you want him to come ? "
the consumer is just supposed to accept this .
better to blow off said customer completely .
seriously bad customer service .
it is really really bad !
i will never go back to this place again .
worst service experience ever !
this place is unbelievably disappointing .
i probably would still be sitting there !
the service is terrible here .
i won't be coming back .
tried to rip me off !
completely unsatisfied with this place !
the fries are always cold .
the burgers are ok but the buns stale .
honestly i really don't like this location .
they are not friendly in the least .
shes horrible and the definition of bad customer service .
no parking , a little dirty .
worst dining experience in years !
she comes back out and says 15-20 minutes .
the waffle wasn't that great either .
first , they got the sizes wrong .
then , they overcharged me .
we had horrible service !
overall didn't like it & will not come back .
they don't even have spaghetti and meatballs .
it just doesn't make sense .
the service is just terrible .
i just wasn't impressed .
prices were reasonable , portions were way too big .
sadly , the food has gone downhill .
food was not authentic .
calamari looks and tastes like french fries .
sausage tasted very old and overcooked .
how pathetic is that ?
three employees walked by us and completely ignored us .
it was way overcooked therefore chewy and tough .
daughter ordered a house salad with balsamic vinaigrette .
overly thick and odd taste .
all in all very disappointed .
this place is just bad !
the noodles tasted weird .
find a different place to spend your money !
i will not be returning .
she was quite rude .
it was absolutely the worst .
it was overpowered by oregano .
my italian margarita was so so .
the eggplant ( one slice ) was overcooked .
the whole meal was barely lukewarm .
they were out of veal and steak .
also , they were out of two main meats .
i'm trying not to gag as i write this .
this place was super disappointing .
next time , we'll wait for olive garden .
terrible service and food .
food was terrible my broccoli was frozen .
so i guess they do not use fresh ingredients .
1st time visit and last time .
was not impressed with the food at all .
husband wasn't impressed with the sausage lasagna .
they must have been having a bad night .
the onion rings completely tasted like calamari !
her dressing was a very watered down ranch .
she did not enjoy her dinner .
wow the food and service was terrible tonight .
ok food with large portions .
nothing to write home about .
place could use a cleaning .
waitress was unprofessional and unfriendly .
literally cut my mouth trying to eat it .
they need better quality .
the only thing that wasn't horrible was the service .
we got italian dressing and baked potato soup .
i was very disappointed .
the manager angela could care less .
i was very disappointed .
to call it mediocre would be complimentary .
unfortunately i was very underwhelmed by my experience .
i will not be back .
not fresh at all .
but it just wasn't good .
buca di beppo is literally , italian restaurant hell .
thin , flavorless alfredo sauce .
deep down you know they hate this .
i should have learned from my first experience here .
there is no cheese .
the layout of this location is insane .
all of us were disappointed .
not impressed by the food .
the antipasto salad was awesome .
otherwise , poor service !
that taste drowned out everything else .
i was very disappointed .
the menu was typical .
however , i would give the service one star .
i'm not sure that i blame her for that .
maybe the other locations are better ?
good food ruined by the lack of service .
as if that made up for zero quality .
the rest will go in the garbage .
our son had long finished eating and was bored .
spaghetti with meatballs - this was another tasteless dish .
the meatballs was horrific .
will not be back .
this was my second visit to this location .
the food however , was horrible .
such a disappointing date night .
only the garlic butter on my bread .
we won't be going back again .
it was awful and it was promptly returned .
baked ziti was dry and crispy .
save your money and go to olive garden .
make sure you are not in a hurry .
not my favorite italian place .
not thrilled at all .
just sauce and noodles .
dirty and horrible service .
every silverware roll we got was gross .
the plates were just as bad .
the worst food ever .
family style is not so family .
they were , by no means , busy .
olive garden , overall , is way better .
go elsewhere for italian food .
it seems like they forgot our original order .
however our experience was well below par .
the bread was cold and actually wet !
the huge disappointment came when the pizza arrived .
none of us felt like eating pasta for christmas .
it's a nice concept but the food was lacking .
i'm afraid it was a one star meal .
i left so unhappy !
she was definitely struggling for words at this point .
when we asked for manager no one brought him .
had to get our own oil and vinegar .
stuffy , old and out dated decor .
also out of our favorite dessert !
sounds great i thought .
the employees are so rude !
today , another really long wait time .
she shoulders over to another co-worker to get advice .
her face muscles turn confused .
uh , uh , yeah . "
out of principle i didn't finish the lemonade order .
i won't be coming back again .
just like any other jamba juice location .
stop posting groupons or honor them , bell location !
service - staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .
i wish i had better things to say .
the food was descent especially the pretzel bites !
just didn't seem like the place was run well .
staff needs a little bit more customer service training .
avoid this place like the plague !
music way too loud .
look , let 's face it , maggie moo .
you never even stood a chance .
m & m 's and sprinkles ?
the second time was my fault though .
" is that all for you , sir ? "
i'm sorry , sir ! "
not to your manager or anything .
this store needs better management and new employees .
my credit card continued being billed .
this store really needs to work on customer service .
they should give their help a better training program .
extremely bad customer service people .
this store is a disaster .
she was like " oh i can't .
had a bad experience at this location tonight .
i told the worker it was extremely soggy .
i will not be back , period .
gone to hell in a waste basket .
the food is alright , it's denny 's .
my biggest problem with this place is the hostess .
it's denny 's -- how bad can it be ?
the floor smell just gross .
worst dennys ive ever been to .
she deserves to be fire for service like that .
food , however , wasn't that great .
what a horrible example of customer service .
the portions were extremely small to begin with .
they were not organized .
horrible experience for a mothers day lunch .
she told me busy night .
there is no excuse !
busy stores with bad customer service close !
the service was horrible .
i will never visit this place again !
outback , black angus quality .
probably not going to come back here again .
what kind of restaurant can't accommodate a large group ?
this also made our experience disappointing .
management is rude and unprofessional .
knowing what i know , i should know better .
ribs were actually dry .
they were tender just dry .
baked potato was old .
ribs were not heated through .
caesar dressing tasted like ranch dressing .
that does not make any of them good !
make sure the chicken is cooked !
nothing to write home about .
not to mention there is a three drink maximum !
no arizona stores come up on your location search .
salads were just ok .
very inconsistent food and service .
a week later , horrible !
after just one bite we sent it back .
not up to my usual experience .
restaurant was not full .
i will not be back !
the baked potatoes were overcooked and dry .
everything that could go wrong , went wrong .
and it keeps getting worse .
still not impressed with texas roadhouse .
food was not cooked correctly again .
and the service was simply awful .
all food was over salted and tasted horrible .
it didn't seem fresh at all .
this place is going downhill .
she didn't charge me , which i didn't expect .
place is going down hill .
maybe he was just tired or is stressed .
food was good but service was horrible .
the waiter seemed lost and confused .
got our food order wrong .
we love this place !
not sweet at all really .
and now for the bad .
the regular ranch was watered down .
big , dry , overcooked pieces of chicken .
it was also bland .
one could still eat like crap at sweet tomatoes .
she said she didn't know and walked away .
not as good as i remember .
my first bad experience .
sweet tomatoes is almost good but also isn't .
it was almost good but wasn't .
too much dry maybe old herbs .
first off , the entrance to the place .
salad is suppose to be healthy .
i understand that healthy food is more expensive .
not a good start .
i continued on to the soup .
hot , flavorless , chalk .
this place is off my list for good .
they only safe heaven are the waiters .
it was really inconsiderate and just embarrassed me more .
the only thing good is the dcor .
he said could not that corporate makes the decisions .
really disappointed with the cashier and waiters as tonight .
i won't be back and wouldn't recommend eating here .
the staff tried but failed to fix the machine .
that was just too much .
this place has just gotten too dirty .
nothing more needs to be said .
clam chowder : this was terrible .
i couldn't even drink it .
why are their salads so watery ?
half the lettuce was soggy or was too wet .
my wife did not like the crab linguini .
it just wasn't a good experience .
stay away from this red lobster .
the place is way , way overpriced .
how pathetic is this place ?
obviously , i will not return .
the shrimp was dry and over-cooked .
the second one came out just as bad .
it went downhill from there .
did not taste like the their usual biscuits .
she returned as we were finishing our meal .
server was not a people person .
no apologies for our waiting .
won't be going back there again .
the restaurant was less than half full .
don't come to this location with a large party .
the most recent visit i had was pretty bad .
probably won't be back .
mediocre food , but it is extremely overpriced .
my meal was comped as it should have been .
it was so disappointing !
the sheets were filthy and stained .
are you freakin kidding me ?
do not stay at this place !
but this location is terrible .
when the appetizers did arrive they were a disappointment .
the rolls were again bland .
absolutely hands down the worst sushi i've ever had .
not really a sushi place .
they are the kings of spicy imitation crab .
everything tasted the same for crying out loud .
the cook barely spoke to us .
the rest of it was eh .
this time it was was such a let down .
no tricks no nothing .
the steak and chicken was to dry .
not much at all .
i will never be back .
this location only , the staff is rude .
went here saturday evening around 6pm .
bad bad bad experience .
fine , no big deal .
but the worst part was the food by far .
ok no problem we were very understanding .
put them away until needed .
a good restaurant gone bad .
and i agree with other yelpers very disorganized .
our chef was not personable or a good show .
it just wasn't a great experience .
tastes like ass service is also ass .
this looks like an old ass best buy .
she apologized and walked away .
the food was mediocre , everything was bland .
i won't be coming here ever again .
the texture of the fish was not right .
i left feeling disgusted and shouldn't have eaten anything .
very bad class not clean and tastes horrible .
it was just a horrible experience .
: ( i was really disappointed .
the rest are n't very good .
servers very slow and seem irritated .
roaches in bath room .
not if you're a single parent for the night .
never had an issue at the gilbert location .
the rudest most disappointing customer service !
it all went downhill from there .
avoid like the plague .
not sure how many more times i'll visit .
they do not accept starbucks gift cards .
i won't be back .
treats tenants very badly .
not a nice atmosphere here .
their meat department is completely inept and shady .
this grocery store has questionable food handling practices .
i'm not sure how these gentlemen stay in business .
they are rude and overpriced .
i handed the jeweler my watch and new band .
i guess i should have asked for rose .
stay away , they are horrid !
only thing worst than the service was the food .
we were very disappointed in the food .
we will not be going back .
trust me don't waste your time .
food was not good at all .
they are not italian .
what italian place doesn't have provolone ?
the sub was disappointing .
i was so disappointed .
i didn't even finish the sub .
i won't be going back .
left half of it for the trash .
we only ordered wings and were really disappointed .
i wish it was better .
i couldn't even taste the actual sandwich .
unfortunately with me it wasn't planned or expected .
a couple of tacos ain't worth the wait .
he handed them to me and they were expired .
portions small , they over charge for bad food .
this location has very poor service .
can i get some fries ?
won't stop in there again .
steer clear of this crap hole !
but , overall , won't be back .
worst gel manicure ever !
she told me it would easily last two weeks .
worst nail salon ever .
the service is horrible .
customer service is terrible also !
impatient and extremely rude !
they weren't that good .
i just sat and looked at mine .
rude people , overpriced food , crappy bar .
i'd never go back .
did i get sick here ?
some for the better , some for the worse .
steak was charred , mashed potatos were lukewarm .
not a good start .
our meals were bland , greasy bar food .
and service continued to be ridiculously poor .
there are many better choices .
would i come back , for another try ?
food was bland boring and overpriced .
he says well , no !
why are we still chatting and not getting food ?
so i ordered a salad with chicken .
overall , not really impressed .
had a horrible experience last night .
however , the ambiance sucked !
did i say disgusting ?
no hostess to be found .
even the manager was annoyed to even care .
maybe i was just there on a bad night .
it was a horrible first impression .
avoid this place at all costs .
i got the cilantro chicken breast with mashed potatoes .
my fianc had prime ribs with a baked potato .
would not visit again .
i wish i had taken pictures but actually forgot .
now , the crab cakes were good .
i feel like this place was trying too hard .
i'm convinced winter visitors keep them in business .
the general manager was straight disrespectful and rude .
neither of them came to the table afterwards .
i really hate that .
he didn't even greet me .
not even a smile .
i won't go back to that location again .
are you kidding me ?
very disappointed with this location !
as if that was a huge problem for her .
had rubios catered to my office today .
not that anything was really terrible .
the only good thing is the cheesecake .
the food is terribly mediocre .
i hate the atmosphere .
i hate the noise !
the guy clearly couldn't read body language .
this time it was quite a disappointment .
the service was super slow .
very disappointed in our dinner tonight .
i must say that it was very disappointing .
you won't see me eating there any time soon .
really really bad service .
slow , lots of mistakes .
also the rice paper kinda grossed us out .
i am very disappointed .
i was thoroughly disappointed .
ok went saturday at lunch time not to busy .
that 's when it all went wrong .
someone else brought out the food .
we said no then she was like oh ok .
very disappointed with meal & service !
the service was terrible .
average to poor food .
i'm not sure why people come here anymore .
the service was slow .
the food was not at temperature .
soda machine was broken .
lots of booths , big menu , predictable outcome .
don't come here with a dairy allergy .
breakfast was just okay .
weird bowl of fruit though .
service was also slow today .
i said , are you kidding me ?
cheesecake factory used to be my favorite restaurant .
sourdough is alright too .
it was not appetizing to me .
and i had a stomach ache afterwards .
this was a total disappointment in customer service .
seriously f -- - the cheesecake factory .
the herb crusted chicken was extremely dry .
food is totally mediocre .
worst cheesecake factory experience i have ever had .
avoid this location at all cost .
that should have been an obvious removal .
low class location stay away .
she didn't even eat half her salad .
i became very sick after eating at this location .
my wife 's meal was no different .
this wasn't a deal breaker for me .
i was just extremely dissapointed by the customer service .
after that experience i will never come here again .
worst bar i've ever been to !
this place is terrible .
won't be going back .
the coconut were completely flavorless and a huge disappointment .
not to , but away from this elephant .
it's the lame food .
seriously the only guests were our friends .
the dipping sauces provided for them were disgusting .
all in all the meal wasn't bad .
however , it had no taste whatsoever .
the waiter was not attentive at all .
he did absolutely nothing ; nothing what so ever .
the whole experience was just horrible .
she is on a low protein diet .
my knife was very dirty .
somewhere above our drinks went dry .
and were deeply disappointed .
not a single person acknowledged me .
this was average at best .
it wasn't terrible , it was just okay .
eh , okay but not great .
humongous menu and food seemed pretty hit and miss .
but you gave me too many choices .
the food is mediocre at best .
i do like the decor though .
anyway , our server was awful .
however , the rest of the meal was lackluster .
after that tasted very stale .
the veggies were honestly just plain wrong .
again , she was very polite & professional .
very disappointing , will not return .
seared ahi tuna salad overcooked with tons of onions .
i guess just in case ; ( .
i ordered the blackened mahi mahi with mango salsa .
we won't be going back .
& i seriously doubt we'll ever go back .
our spinach dip was runny and lacking flavor .
the macaroni and cheese was not edible .
french fries were cold and stale .
all side items ala cart .
service was below standards .
salad was about the worst dinner salad ever .
first of all their service is atrocious .
the food is even worse .
or chicken nuggets instead of nicely sliced chicken ?
my friend and i were extremely unsatisfied with everything .
sadly they were not .
hooters = stupid crappy place .
i really hate their food .
one bite and i was done .
it was under my boyfriends name .
the quality of the wings rates to barely edible .
worst hooters i have been to .
slow and not particularly friendly service .
you are a number and forced out the door .
do not waste your time !
now i understand why this brand is dying .
not on my dime !
needless to say i will never go back !
firstly , the place does not seem clean .
my drink was also never refilled .
falafel had a weird grimy taste to it .
texture wasn't all there .
their humus is kind of bland .
the chicken i had was rubbery .
i don't get all the wonderful reviews .
and it stinks when you get in the restaurant .
the french fries were really undercooked , and bland .
sloppy and way below minimum standards .
steve was impossible to reach .
wow , was i wrong .
we left thinking it was good .
he does not understand .
there is no way he could !
i just don't know what to do anymore .
from the start she was defensive and rude .
spend your money at a different old navy store .
the bbb is next on my list .
also , the service dept is a joke .
i wish i could give a negative star review !
first , they won't honor the internet price .
does he think i'm stupid ?
horrible experience dealing with their service area .
it was not leaking prior to that .
they do not care about customer satisfaction .
wish i could give a two and a half .
one oil change and tire rotation took two hours .
a week later i'm still waiting for that call .
they are dishonest and have poor business practices .
avoid at all costs .
buzz off lame dealership .
avoid this dealership and especially this service department .
lucky they even got one star .
very pushy and sarcastic finance team .
very pushy and sarcastic finance team .
my experience has been disappointing from the start .
the list goes on .
this guy is nowhere to be found .
shame on larry miller dodge peoria .
pizza was pretty good .
i can't really comment on the service too much .
the burger i got look nasty .
it look like they rushed it .
coffee in this place is always cold .
this is probably the worst mcdonalds ever .
needless to say they refunded my money quickly .
the italian wedding soup tasted just like italian dressing .
the portion for the price was disappointing .
full of yummy , crispy veggies .
both times i had bad experiences .
i didn't even eat it .
i'm so disappointed in streets of new york .
they have an excuse for everything .
i would never return to this store .
truly ridiculous way to treat customers .
rude , rude , and rude !
not gon na go there again .
partially because of the lack in management .
there were no employees in site .
talk about horrible service !
this place is over priced and not very good .
my chorizo stuffed chicken medallions ; far less so .
so my wife ordered a draft american beer .
not good at all .
i was very unimpressed .
check out los olivos .
corona bottle ) stuck in it .
i want to buy a bottle for myself .
why did the beans already look dry ?
the rice was decent , but also dry .
most disappointing chimi i've ever had .
the fake grill marks .
at home , this is tolerable in a pinch .
average mexican food served in a vegas style setting .
the food is really average and pricey .
sorry but that 's unacceptable .
i was not particularly impressed .
the food was bland and was not very good .
the food was very bland and overall tasteless .
everything was pretty disgusting .
it tasted like what my cats food smells like .
kid quesadilla was cold .
host staff was really unfriendly .
we arrived and approached the empty hostess counter .
the refried beans are apparently cooked in bacon grease .
neither of us ate them .
sometimes ok , other times awful .
but everything else was horrific .
not somewhere i would recommend .
i was thoroughly disgusted .
the food is terrible , and it's overpriced .
bald guy with extremely bad table management .
and no way i'll ever come back .
it's an overrated restaurant for mexican food .
but , i been to better places .
not so much anymore .
the salsas where disgusting .
our actual food wasn't any better .
it was over priced food , that was disgusting .
went back for another visit with my in laws .
don't waste your time at this dump .
fake mexican food and expensive .
unfortunately , this restaurant has gone downhill quick .
out of hot sauce too .
they have lost my whole family 's business .
but in this case avoid at all costs .
i hate this place !
we also didn't get a choice of our sides .
are you kidding me ?
which is super disappointing !
everytime i go i pay a different price .
nope -- not gon na happen .
pieces are small , dry , overcooked and greasy .
it tastes like old chicken .
i think i will stick to in-n-out .
all i ordered was root beer shake .
the streets would be better than living here !
please fix this , its seriously annoying .
the apartment wasn't very clean multiple other things wrong .
obviously they don't train very well either .
nothing to return for .
just sugary sauce and mush .
it went in the garbage .
i will not be returning .
every single thing was completely disappointing .
the egg drop soup was not very good either .
and the crab puffs hardly had any filling .
i won't be trying this place again .
i will gladly take my money elsewhere .
the waitress was rude .
this is the worst frys store of all .
he was so incredibly rude and unprofessional .
it truly made me sick .
this is not a subtle difference .
too bad this occurred on a saturday evening .
however , the manager was very apologetic .
the car was not washed .
ummm no , i don't .
so needless to say not very friendly at all .
just am oil change people .
this place has really gone downhill .
that is too busy for customers .
also do not return phone calls .
no explanation of replacement of expensive parts .
did not honor coupon .
do not use the service department .
would turn over but not catch .
this dealership is awful .
i'm sorry i didn't know .
not someone i want to take my business to !
no thanks to bill .
not hey i have taken care of your issue .
my sales person was doug harris .
was told i could find information on the internet .
i was very disappointed .
nothing like good chicago pizza .
well we were disappointed to say the least .
all toppings were abundant , except the sausage .
too bad , because it tasted great .
this is not chicago style anything .
unfortunately it made it in to my mouth .
there 's no excuse for poor food handling .
they deserve zero stars .
i won't order from this place again .
crust is like eating cardboard .
we ordered a mushroom , sausage pizza saturday night .
this was more like az pizza .
nothing was right with this pizza .
the sauce was dry as well as the cheese .
worst pizza i have ever eaten in my life .
i am now online ordering a sicilian from nypd .
you expect that garbage from a chain .
worst return policy in the world !
there were no links to get to it .
i had no receipt and i paid cash .
bad customer service at this store !
everything else is pretty standard for target .
fairly clean , staff is nicer than wal-mart .
go to sprouts or safeway instead .
normally i have a cart to return .
i said no , i carry zero cash .
it's after 10pm , i am with my toddler .
didn't even want to be bothered .
was rude and ignored me .
also very small store and not enough employees working .
at least that 's what i was told !
when they did it all went downhill from there .
we sent the meal back as inedible .
the french fries were cold and had no seasoning .
as i sit here my stomach hurts .
my daughters kids burger was all char no flavor .
no call and no return .
the only thing that was decent was the waitress .
my friend ordered the pot roast .
one bite and she was done .
don't waste your time with this place .
i just don't feel that this is right .
the gravy also tasted out of a can .
this has not been the case .
don't not waste your time here !
worst stay in years .
staff is very unprofessional .
try the comfort inn just down the road .
avoid at all costs !
i wouldn't stay here again .
i had a mechanic check my work .
golf course is in poor condition .
not worth the money .
never go here late .
avoid this place at all costs !
worst denny 's ever .
the bathrooms reeked of weed .
my pancake puppies came out burnt .
zero stars if that was possible .
just go out of business already .
it's only a thursday morning after a breakfast rush .
bad , stay away !
i probably won't be by this denny 's again .
low rating because of the night shift cook .
i mean extremely loud .
i didn't come there for a show .
awful service , awful food at 9pm .
the staff was not great .
staff is not very friendly .
apparently the new owner has trouble keeping employees .
disappointed in the total down grade of the place .
if i could give a zero , i would .
in fact , it tasted old .
the food is definitely not worth the money .
horrible service & mediocre food .
kind of a plain , simple setting .
i will not be back .
i wish i would have read the reviews first .
don't waste your time !
worst food & service i've ever had .
please don't forget , service starts within your restaurant .
we could not eat it .
i will say this .
uncomfortable , noisy beds .
do not , do not use the pharmacy !
my first visit was terrible .
the place across the street was standing room only .
this subway has terrible service .
there was no apology for this .
the plates the pie was served on were dirty .
food isn't even that good .
the food was mediocre at best .
i wish wickenburg had more to offer .
the food was sad and unimpressive .
being calorie conscious , i said yes .
chips were greasy and rubbery ?
don't know how this is capable !
beans were ok , didn't quite like the taste .
now after sharing this plate i was drinking water .
chips are stale and some were quite rubbery .
nothing to rave about .
worth the money i guess .
the staff was not very friendly or attentive .
the chili relleno was disgusting .
the food was ok and the chips were stale .
not bad but not really authentic .
frozen margarita was sub-par , a bit weak .
poor choice on the taco salad .
rolled tacos are called taquitos .
the bathrooms are small and smell like mildew .
horse pictures - is old west , not mexican .
american / mexican restaurant - maybe .
disappointing food was very horrible !
not impressed in the least .
stay away , go elsewhere !
the food , again , no taste !
why have chili if it's not hot .
the rice was dry but very flavorful .
i would not recommend eating at this establishment .
so the service wasn't any better than the food .
the salsa here is terrible as well .
red chili burro flavorless and dry inside .
rice and beans were ok .
sad to say , service was really lacking here .
won't be going back .
should have yelped lunch before sitting down .
extremely slow service from beginning to end .
skip this one and try another place .
everything is old and the bed is uncomfortable .
there is free wireless , but no gym .
just before 9am they were out of biscuits .
our experience was not so positive .
the biscuit like my wife 's was pretty dense .
said pillows were dirty and flat .
server was friendly but not particularly well groomed .
paper thin corned beef and little of it .
the bathroom was gross .
just all around horrible .
no flavor in the meat .
in reality , they were terrible .
they were not even nuggets .
just don't expect a quick meal .
the onion rings weren't very good .
the taco meat had no flavor .
some of the worse service i have ever received !
i was embarrassed that i brought my wife there .
the quality of the food was even worse .
the wine list also seemed very pricey .
food was decent but the service was just terrible .
even the bloody mary wasn't good .
plus not including tip .
also , there isn't even a view .
i was very disappointed .
what a complete disappointment .
this place is not for foodies !
a lot less seafood and no steaks at lunch .
the kobe burger , was alright , nothing special .
terrible manager with terrible service and client interaction !
food was nothing special .
don't waste your time and money .
veggies were not cooked .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
it was a disappointing experience .
they walked away and never came back .
the worst experience i have had .
the worst customer service ever !
i've come home twice now with missing items .
could have been a beard hair , i dunno .
absolute worst mcdonald 's i have ever been to .
they never get your order right .
the fry containers are always half empty .
b ) have bad attitudes .
c ) give you cold food .
i am going to yell now , ready ?
worst mcdonalds in the history of mcdonalds .
don't waste your time , or money .
cashier had no personality .
he didn't smile or even was interested on working .
he looked and sounded miserable taking my order .
this location can't get anything right .
worst mcdonalds on the planet !
they simply handed us our food with no acknowledgement .
they simply handed us our food with no acknowledgement .
and i've been to some very sketchy places !
umm , wtf gross !
i apologize that i spent my money here .
the worst mcdonald 's ever .
seriously , it's not rocket science .
worst mcdonald 's you can go too .
every time i play here something makes me angry .
wasted half my day waiting so we just left .
i hate this place so much .
constant issues with things in the apartment breaking .
he'll also let him dump water on your belongings .
no " sorry " .
nothing done to stop the behavior .
nothing is being done about this at the moment .
very shady business practices , shame on them .
during check out the promotion didn't print .
i went to the deli to get some chicken .
i wont be buying sushi here again .
" oh , it has a hole in it ?
do they really think people are that stupid ?
expired product on the shelf .
the prices are n't the greatest .
the customer service at this store is deplorable .
however , i didn't feel it was very professional .
whats worse than cold grease ?
they've never done me wrong !
i didn't think it was very good .
the fried rice was horrible .
i don't know why this place is so busy .
they have a very limited " vegetarian " menu .
i wish it was better .
this place is not that good .
also , worst orange chicken i've ever had .
bloody embarrassing , just horrid .
worst chinese food ever !
my hubby didn't enjoy his chicken .
the eggrolls were filled with cheap veggies .
but the service is crap !
sorry guys , its a no - go !
server never asked about refills for drinks .
i think you should just stick to frozen food !
it certainly is not " woohoo !
i wish i could give zero stars .
second won't let customers purchase anything .
made me lose my appetite .
can i give zero stars ?
are you kidding me ?
went to the one on stephanie .
no greeting at door .
will not be going back .
slow , unfriendly service .
he doesn't seem very bright .
better choices in dining for the money .
went for lunch on sunday .
thank you for your lack of customer service .
pie were good as expected .
accompanied by a long black hair .
a little effort goes a long way .
with service like this , i will not return .
walked out have not done that in years .
i get mixed results every time .
an hour after ordering it still wasn't here .
i will not ever use this dominos again .
so , tonight 's food was really under par .
the delivery driver was nice not a problem .
the pizza was barely cut .
unfortunately i believe i may have experienced the latter .
no smile , no greeting , nada .
i noticed that quite a few jars were empty .
we don't carry those " and then walked away .
i told him , " to work root . "
he just stood there staring at me .
she was not gentle nor careful .
stay away from this salon for gel nails .
i will not be back .
not so nice after all .
yelled at me that i bumped it against something .
too bad the owner ( maybe ? )
is so rude and doesn't appreciate their regular customers .
i won't be coming back .
they are not a clean establishment !
will only return for fill .
they never offered to sell me a new tire .
he refused to put donut spare back underneath car .
a dentist office is very intimidating to me .
i don't even think the dentist knows my name .
the worst part is that the dentist .
all around a bad experience .
very cold , very impersonal attitude from dr. tang .
never explained or talked to me at all .
the worst experience ever !
obviously it wasn't comfortable for us .
they literally just pulled the tooth and walked away .
this place is crap .
didn't want to give any stars to this place !
not personable or friendly .
tell everyone you know to avoid this dental office !
i feel bad for those who work there .
are you kidding me ?
there are so many more offices around this area .
not worth going back again .
i don't understand the positive reviews whatsoever .
this office is incredibly inept .
it is fraud and the dentist was terrible .
just too lazy to look for another dentist .
dr. tang doesn't make you feel warm and welcome .
you deserve to be treated better .
they are money hungry and services are very fishy .
save yourself the headache and time .
he is healthy and has no problems .
this was my worst experience .
he never said goodbye or anything to me .
wish i could give this place no stars .
the dr. himself was so rude .
this review is a long time coming .
they have the worst communication skills .
they don't care about their patients at all .
first , they forced him into a deep cleaning .
how stupid can you be ?
this place doesn't deserve one star !
rude dr. money hungry .
you guys deserve better treatment .
i felt uncomfortable after leaving .
i don't like their attitude .
beware of this dentist !
i won't be visiting that place again .
i've taken my business elsewhere !
so nothing could be done with it .
they insisted the other store didn't send it .
other than that , i will stay away .
i've used minute clinic before .
i use this cvs all the time .
and then just hung up on me .
my mistake that i can't remember her name .
you should teach your employees customer service .
i was excited , my visit would be short .
i drive up wait a few mins .
this is an unfortunate review to write .
not as good as everyone says it is .
they use msg and i feel sick from it .
disappointing and irritating would sum up this experience .
fast , friendly , but flavorless .
where have all the good chinese restaurants gone ?
well all i found was junk .
i will never be going back .
the chicken itself was very underwhelming .
however , quantity does not justify for the quality .
the woman at the counter said nothing !
not a word to the little girl !
this food was not good .
the kung pao chicken was inedible .
very sorry we spent our money here .
bbq pork fried rice had an off taste .
beef ( from beef and broccoli ) was chewy .
won't be ordering again .
the fried rice was mushy and flavorless .
that sign seems very unfriendly and unwelcoming .
second time was just as bad .
same non english speaking driver and a repeat performance .
too many choices out there to deal with this .
one of the better options around town .
that was the most disgusting chinese food ever .
i didn't even eat it .
soooo we just wasted money on crap food .
it looked and tasted like a stir fry dish .
it has not been bad .
sad the manager does not have to live here .
i wouldn't recommend this place to a student .
when i have so little personal time already .
this is not my problem !
communication is the worst .
these people are creepy and not cool .
just wasn't a fan .
this place is fucking terrible .
don't even know why we still go there .
it only led to frustration .
i'm glad this is not my pharmacy .
entire pharmacy is rude and just a joke !
he apparently doesn't know what he is doing .
shouldn't they all be ready at the same time .
this place is a crap shoot literally .
new management is just as bad as old management .
whatever you do don't live here .
i would not recommend living here .
i would not recommend wasting your money here .
( our lease expired in april .
i suggest that no one lease from here .
let alone that they wasted my entire day .
terrible customer service , won't be back !
i've never had a worse cut in my life !
this ups store has the worst service .
however the next time they completely screwed us over .
the lady responded " no problem ! "
however my last interaction wasn't great .
worst customer service i've had at a cleaners .
my son asked for a certain haircut .
the lady shaved his head instead .
worse haircut experience ever !
dont go here unless you want to be bald !
all she could say was i'm sorry .
it was looking so terrible .
she just couldn't it done .
this place is the worst ever !
more like " not so great clips " !
i will not be back !
the grub hub number is busy .
i have to say i'm honestly disappointed .
the salad i ordered came soggy .
the pizza was cold .
he was extremely rude .
this office is the worst for any request .
not worth the headache .
trust me , go elsewhere .
clearly our waitress didn't want to be at work .
the only problem we had was smoke odor .
they also never explained what the room charges were .
that 's how sad i am about this place .
( that is number two as in poop ) .
short walk across the street to shopping .
it was totally disappointing .
it was sloppy and dirty .
this was a diet freakin pepsi !
not here at the sunset .
if you pay for something , it's not free .
i remember breakfast buffets that cheap .
trust me it doesn't get any better .
it has no theme .
no personality at all .
won't be returning or recommending .
i have not stayed at this hotel before .
these days even the low market rooms have them .
why not just put it in the overall rate ?
the rooms are cheap , but at what cost !
overall , the employees there were super nice .
my dad ordered the meatloaf no gravy .
i got the open turkey sandwhich .
our mashed potatoes were grey .
the vegetables were cold .
not cool , cold .
is there cameras in the hallways ?
so we ate elsewhere .
i let the host know who is rude .
the reservation was no where to be seen .
i highly doubt i'll be back to play here .
i mean it was terrible .
they don't love locals , just their bottom line .
all the chairs were taken .
unfortunately i will not stay here again .
no apology , just a statement .
like i was annoying him with my presence .
the staff were indifferent and no smiles .
but the hotel stinks .
stop letting people smoke in non-smoking rooms .
a month later , still no call .
the hotel staff was not that friendly .
thank goodness it's only one night .
dry gross and gross .
also not very family friendly .
will not come back to this hotel .
additionally , very low water pressure in the shower .
he didn't seem to care at all .
worst hotel near vegas !
most slot machines are tight .
to me that is ridiculous .
went to the oyster bar tonight .
customer service , horrible , drink service , horrible .
vodka martini extremely watered down .
couldnt understand why service was so bad .
i guess they just dont get it.
wont be back its that embarrassing .
this place is ridiculous .
the sunset station email offers are a lie .
the receptionist is not helpful at all .
still no room by the way .
maybe that 's why it's like this .
isn't usually wifi free ?
the bucket is hardly big enough .
this place is over priced .
buffet is cheap but not good .
there security are a bunch of douche bags .
i'll never spend another dollar there ever again !
then the waitresses walk past you like you're invisible .
why was the comp so low ?
go to south point where they actually appreciate players .
not a bad casino but hotel lacks .
bathrooms really need an update .
shower is so week and out of date .
told wrong information about connecting .
worst place ever please read .
i will never go there again .
didn't gamble either , not will we again .
very unprofessional sunset station .
spread the word and beware lv .
so , why reply to my yelp ?
do not pay more than that for this hotel !
stopped at the pool bar before even sitting down .
the price of the drinks was not my issue .
she did not serve us food .
extremely annoyed with the service !
will finish stay but not again .
horrible , horrible rude staff at front desk .
the room is dirty .
saturday rolls around , no call .
monday , no call .
" nothing wrong " , really !
i purchased my bmw from desert bmw of henderson .
they fixed the problem for a reasonable price .
can not talk about other salesmen there though .
worst experience of any service department that i've encountered .
boy was i wrong !
weeks went by again , no key .
talk about bad business !
i brought it in for horrible service .
again to horrible service .
the biggest liar and cheat of them all .
when your dream car becomes a damn nightmare !
talk about someone lacking customer service skills smh .
by this time the salesman justin could care less .
i will not be back and will not recommend .
bmw has failed to order my parts .
the hit is not what made me mad .
do not buy your car here !
that does no good .
i feel like they sold me a lemon .
but , our experience was pathetic .
promises to call me back and nothing !
two months later check engine light comes on .
bmw henderson not recommended !
i tried again , and same thing .
only gave it a star because i had to .
the bmw dealership was a big disappointment .
and it was just ok .
they didn't even let me know !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
do not go to bmw of henderson !
very short and cold in her demeanor .
she didnt seem to care at all .
based on this i will not be returning .
these are the worst people on the planet .
1st problem - wife had a mole removed .
i don't even know why this was a problem .
i say ok , i will check with them .
how wrong could i be .
couldn't be more disappointed or angry .
obviously wont be going back !
so disappointed and so unprofessional !
will never go back and will never recommend !
this is seriously unacceptable !
not in henderson location .
she was unable to readily diagnose my condition .
the whole visit with him lasted about three minutes .
very unhappy with the service .
they are money driven practice and not patient care .
don't feed me bullshit .
i wouldn't recommend anyone to go here .
well we went here instead of sunset station buffet .
it used to be better .
the chicken skewers were decent .
what a waste of time and money !
are you kidding me ?
nope , umc just sucks .
i can barely walk .
no one should be treated in such a manner .
obviously this is not " quick care " .
still , three hour wait , for thirty seconds .
i don't understand the care in this town .
this is the second bad experience i've had .
let me say this place is horrible !
plus the physician was no help at all .
every one is very rude !
do not go to this quick care .
she was rude and unhelpful .
poor , poor customer service !
i won't be going back .
i only gave one star cause no zero stars .
i will not be going back .
i wish she worked in a better office .
you only get store credit , no matter what .
i left without buying what i went for .
however , i recently had a terrible experience .
because of this , i said forget the balloons .
the customer service here is so crappy .
this is an awful store .
staff is not knowledgable and unapologetic .
standing here experiencing horrible customer service .
not coming back to this location again .
cornbread average , catfish ok .
ill never go back there again !
this store is a disaster .
i can't even tell you how horrible it was .
did i mention the store was completely empty ?
isn't it in the system ?
that 's not my job .
annoying , inconvenient to me , and ridiculous .
bridesmaids dresses have been a nightmare .
not my cup of tea or coffee .
it makes your butt look perfect . "
that is horrible customer service !
i didn't have that wow factor .
i need to think about it ? "
i almost walked out i was so shocked .
the dresses are limited and mediocre .
a basic color and they don't have it .
talk about bad business !
i had a horrible experience at this location .
i was pretty disappointed .
she tried her best though .
horrible management at this location !
she did run to get us a bridesmaid dress .
so i returned the dress .
there that she put back on the rack .
that 's none of her business .
it also needs alterations .
well i was wrong !
the person helping me made my sister feel horrible !
my experience at david 's bridal was horrible .
hardly makes up for this experience .
unfortunately , my stylist ruined it .
don't use david 's bridal .
very unprofessional and just an overall poor experience .
didn't we just do this ?
our consultant didn't pull any dresses for us .
how inappropriate and rude .
i left very disappointed , i expected more .
the alteration fees were enormous .
how i was spoken to was not okay .
i wish i could give this store zero stars .
the employees are very pushy .
i had a horrible experience here .
i left the shop angry and frustrated .
this place is horrible !
it was by far my worst shopping experience .
my experience was awful .
i will not be going back .
why the **** does dq exist ?
my portion size couldn't be smaller .
he ordered chicken alfredo , i ordered chicken parm .
the service was really , really bad .
it would rate zero stars if i could .
the chicken sandwich was just a chicken sandwich .
my friend had the spaghetti bolognese .
she said the sauce was not that good .
it was sparse on her spaghetti .
but this was too much !
i will not go back to this location .
do not patronize them because you will be disappointed .
i was overdone and the worst i ever had .
she said it was under cooked and very bland .
this place is horrible !
stuffed mushrooms a little too peppery .
the food was rather unimpressive .
all in all , a pretty bad experience here .
this place is terrible .
it was so bland and overpriced .
we will not be back .
personally , i liked the pasta it was descent .
the complimentary bread was hard and not tasteful .
the service has sadly gone downhill too .
save yourself the trouble & dine elsewhere .
very disappointed that this place has declined so noticeably .
inconsistent food prep , service , drinks .
disappointed too many times .
didn't explain how the trio combo works .
never again will i spend another dollar there .
it's not the only italian place around .
my husband and i went in for lunch .
beware , slow sat .
two of us tried the butter squash tortellini .
will not return to this chain .
don't waste your money !
would not go back if it was free .
the food seemed rushed and lacked flavor .
apologies offered , nothing more .
the service was alright , i've had better .
we didn't even get dessert .
wasn't in the mood to stay there .
very limited on the vegetarian choices too .
the service wasn't bad , wasn't superb either .
there was nothing wrong with the service .
the food was just not great .
the entrees left a lot to be desired .
just didn't make the grade .
will not be back .
boyfriend and i stopped by for dinner .
i could not even stay on the bench .
disappointing but not surprising by this point .
went to lunch last week with my boyfriend .
it is fairly expensive , although not terribly so .
the hostess was clueless .
our waitress was also clueless .
my dad really raved about the mushroom ravioli .
so maybe take-out would be a better option .
this place is so loud .
what a disappointment this visit was .
last visit i did not enjoy much .
food and service this visit were disappointing .
food is decent but service always bad !
one of the worst experiences ever .
i could not eat it .
terrible , terrible , terrible .
no " welcome to our restaurant " greeting .
probably the only good thing about this place .
needless to say , she was completely wrong .
it's really not all that .
there was no taste and it was barely battered .
the red sauce provided for it was cold .
my friends pasta was so much better though .
fettuccine alfredo with bell peppers and shrimp .
this experience was completely negative .
new menu , smaller portions same price .
no wonder their parking lot was not full .
the service here is absolutely horrible .
water completely empty throughout meal .
what a terrible experience .
terrible food and the service was even worse .
they looked like fries with cheese sauce on them .
oh wait , that 's exactly what it was .
my friends tomato basil was literally marinara sauce .
my friend couldn't eat one bite .
sure enough , same thing happened .
meatballs did not taste good .
then had to wait for cheese for the entree .
poor experience and certainly not worth the price .
she didn't offer to remake it .
needless to say i'll never go back .
as if i was wasting his time .
very rude and also annoying to be rushed .
also , not cool when you're with children .
honestly , the food wasn't good either .
the sandwich was less than delicious .
he barely put any lettuce in it .
my wrap looked and tasted very bad .
thank goodness it's not the one by my house .
terrible 's has lived up to its name .
the set is not working .
she cut quite a bit of hair off .
she gave me the slightest trim .
save your money and cut your own hair .
complete waste of time .
i was so disappointed .
i won't be going back .
someone should have contacted me by now .
a super uneven , horrible haircut .
i wish i didn't have to choose a rating .
my peanut brownie was disgusting .
he just shrugged and said sorry .
the bathrooms are so-so .
poor service on a sunday .
poor response from waitress .
the service is terrible !
are you kidding me ?
why didn't they throw it out !
nope , it came out dead !
we will not be back !
i was so disgusted !
i even showed her and nothing really happened .
the situation could 've been turned around .
this restaurant is a disgrace .
water were never refilled unless we asked .
here 's where it gets disgusting .
you owe me some bacon that i paid for .
the service was terrible .
the waitress wasn't bad and polite .
the amount of black pepper was too much too .
ok for my wife , not good for me .
i was very disappointed .
i'll vote with my money elsewhere .
the food is average and the service is terrible !
why in heck would you bring it out ?
tonight we went and it was the final straw .
my sons mac and cheese was disgusting .
steamed broccoli was cold .
the soda was watered down .
it was just horrible .
the server was somewhat alright .
not the best but not the worst .
slow slow and slower !
but then we realized why .
never refilled our waters .
greasy food , screaming children and a stomach ache .
needless to say they didn't have my order .
the older female manager is really rude .
does anyone just get served in a timely manner ?
hey kitchen staff , how about some quality control ?
that too took forever .
our only applebee 's near work .
husband ordered online to go .
however , steak was horrible way to tough .
husband had rib tips which were average .
will not be returning .
i will not be returning .
will not go back .
will not go back .
honestly that was the worst salmon i ever had .
sadly it seems to be hard at this location .
not worth for the time and money .
couldn't finish the sandwich because the bun as hard .
food is horrible , horrible , horrible .
you're better off with fast food .
needless to say be careful here .
we have stopped buying many of the meats here .
you will never see me shop here again .
went down an aisle clearly in search of something .
it's really to the edge of rude .
lines here are so long .
the manager brad sometimes just seems not present .
i'm upset with a very rude elderly man .
he said no problem , they would throw away .
i waited 30+ minutes .
interior cleaner , but not well vacuumed .
needless to say i won't be back .
i don't even eat or drink in my car .
management completely non responsive .
i didn't look but assuming they're pay not free .
i'd avoid this place on weekends .
i repeat , they will do nothing for you !
arguing went back and forth .
its just keeps getting worse .
this place has gotten worse !
no longer a hand car wash place .
no vacuuming or cleaning the inside .
i pass other car washes just to come here .
i'm pissed and stranded .
will not go back .
if you're thinking about it , think again .
didn't even clean my cup holder .
terrible establishment with terrible values as a business .
anyone who gives them business should be ashamed .
i would not recommend anyone to come here .
took my car here twice , never again .
glad i took out other valuable items .
don't waste your money .
avoid this place at all costs .
also the cars weren't cleaned very well .
the massage chairs inside are awesome !
a call to the manager was worthless .
they picked my car up , which was cool .
and these were very visible areas .
hair was barely touched .
car was coated in it .
won't be going back .
the service is terrible !
i'm very disappointed overall !
do not go to green valley car wash !
plus my wife 's car wasn't washed very well .
online coupons used to be more generous too .
my car was ready in about ten minutes .
they are very dishonest and sneaky .
i wish i could give this place a zero .
didn't even offer to personally wash my car .
a complete waste of money .
really disappointed with the service .
the passenger side wasn't that bad though .
this is why we wanted the mat cleaned .
and went here and they already scratched my car .
yet they still do not do a good job .
exterior has dirty wipe marks .
the service has been heading downhill for awhile .
which isnt the worst thing ever .
so lets do it again .
i will never be back .
and they are over priced .
seats do not feel clean .
the vacuum job is very poor .
the cashier barely speaks english .
we will not be back .
please do not bring them your cars to wash .
cars don't have windows in the back ?
my steering wheel was half a $ $ ed .
worst car wash in nevada !
never tip them before you check the work .
why chance it with a team that doesn't care .
no interior cleaning at all .
this hospital is by far one of the worst .
this is absolutely ridiculous .
sadly had to update this and change vets .
do not take your beloved pet here .
this puts you in a wet room ( ? )
but the worst was two days ago .
also , consider paying cash .
seriously worst experience ever .
i can't express how horrific this experience was .
but that isn't enough to ever send me back .
the drive thru at this place is the worst .
leave me alone lady .
stuff brakes , i understand .
why is this not a priority with these people ?
overall i think this place is terrible .
the worse place ever .
ended up trying to dry huge comforter at home .
the place is as ghetto as it comes .
what a disaster this place is .
don't bother driving to this place !
even the atm machine is broken .
don't waste your time .
none of the dryers are ever fixed .
waste of time going there !
can't wait for my new dryer to arrive soon !
don't bother driving to this place !
even the atm machine is broken .
this place is horrible .
i'm never going back .
i'll spend my money elsewhere .
it is a fairly empty strip mall .
lady did not know what she's doing .
what a crappy experience !
walmart has better customer service than this store .
safe to say we will not be returning .
they said its normal but there 's no way .
they said its normal but there 's no way .
employees at the cafe are horrible !
so i tend to buy real books .
not like almost being ran over !
no offer to get a membership .
just a buy my crap and leave attitude .
over rude ass store employees .
instead of any friendly exchange .
associate looks at us like we are speaking french .
the manager said she could not take it .
how i was treated in store was unbelievable .
i will not shop at any barnes and noble .
their lack of customer care was appalling .
then , she hung up on me .
a little unorganized for my taste .
it's a waste of time for me everytime .
i looked around and didn't see anything too interesting .
rooms are a little worn out .
friday 's and joes crab shack are walking distance .
can not change rooms was told place was booked .
ok , this is my issue with this place .
my wife was sick from the heat in there .
this place is closed .
pastrami sandwich smelled rotten .
not good at all !
the staff was chaotic .
there was also no list of beers .
again there was no list .
however , i did order a sandwich specifically .
don't use a credit card at this place .
i ordered the chopped salad and the sausage pizza .
the salad was fair but the pizza a terrible .
had an early dinner here tonight .
the service was awful .
the staff was very young and very inexperienced .
this place was horrible !
she finally took our order .
would not recommend this now .
prices too high for the quality of food offered .
meat balls were tender but boring .
will not be back .
service was marginal at best .
you don't get roaches from that .
save your money and stay away !
i wouldn't even give this place one star .
the sectional is falling apart .
don't waist your time !
not an honest place .
worst auto repair shop ever !
it did never leak again .
wouldn't have written this review !
i will not be returning .
- this was actually pretty disappointing .
- again , this was just okay as well .
rice and black beans were tasty .
first off , not so grande .
frankly , i'm still a bit shocked .
chips were thin , crispy and not too salty .
the cheese enchiladas were , um , cheesy .
not much taste at all .
refried beans were smoky and not horrible .
too bad because i really like their shrimp fajitas !
it's not the best dining experience .
i am disappointed after tonight .
still no lemon wedges .
annoying , but whatever .
it must have been a bad night for her .
it makes me sad to write this review .
no apology , no offer to compensate , nothing .
anyway , not planning on ever going back .
and this isn't the first time !
no silverware , took awhile to get our drinks .
i won't be back .
i do not want a cadillac margarita !
and by no , i mean barely .
also , small basket of chips .
we were very disappointed .
even when it's free .
the personnel at the store were nice though .
you don't talk to customers like that .
needless to say we have n't been back since .
only thing is they are kinda expensive .
but here 's where it sucked .
service could use alot of work .
we ordered the steak fajitas medium with no beans .
my beef enchilada was disgusting !
the meat was especially disappointing !
looked and tasted like taco bell 's taco meat .
he said it tasted bland .
last night was the absolute worst service .
that 's all they have that 's not hot .
absolute worst service i've had by far .
the manager has no sense whatsoever .
the service is terrible , the food is mediocre .
not a good first visit .
no will not return to this restaurant .
worst customer service ever !
no i'm sorry or anything of the like .
isn't that why they have massage chairs ?
the massage they gave was terrible .
she barely spoke english .
the pedi chairs were torn from top to bottom .
nasty and dirty place .
she was rude and unprofessional !
didn't do a good job with my pedicure .
nail polish was not on point .
the fill was disgusting .
needless to say , i wont be back .
if i could give zero stars i would .
drinking fountains on the course ?
this course is in horrible condition .
every other hole was a shit hole .
literally greens were covered in duck shit .
they didn't seem interested in cleaning your clubs .
bare fairways and very dry .
also no cart service on saturday at noon ?
like hello , say hi and greet maybe ?
rude staff and horrible customer service .
i won't be back .
maybe i'm missing something .
this place is a crap hole !
she didn't give a shit !
this just isn't right !
the bedroom doors don't line up right to close .
i can't leave my apartment after dark .
oh and i forgot , holes in the screens !
poor poor quality carpet .
this store is awful .
it seems to always be a mess !
ugh , i think i'll skip that part .
don't wash your car here .
car looked almost as dirty afterwards .
old and run down as well .
went in today bad bad bad .
korean chicken and meat jun was hella hype .
never coming back unless it was free .
the mahi mahi was ok , nothing special .
wish they put more vegetables .
the meat wasn't very well marinated .
the boss lady was not very nice .
mahi mahi is just chunks of cooked fish .
chicken katsu was horrible .
i hate giving low scores .
i could have totally made it better at home .
does not have friendly service either .
probably won't go back .
wish i had n't .
teriyaki was really bad .
next time visiting will not be eating here .
looked like tv dinner .
no sir that 's not the problem .
the rice was dry , hard and cold .
when they don't burn your food .
i'm really surprised this place has such good reviews .
which made me miserable as well , unfortunately .
this place was just a miss all together .
cheap lunch which is good .
the chicken was also cheap and fatty .
the restaurant was not even busy at the time .
the macaroni salad is so bad .
for many years dillard 's was my favorite store .
how sad for their employees .
worst customer service ever .
wasn't greeted when i walked in .
not this crap hole .
this branch has a very unprofessional staff .
there are almost no customers here .
simply no acknowledgement at all !
stopped in just to get some info .
they have n't even look at my apartment conditions .
the only animals ever in the apartment were roaches .
my wife is allergic to pets .
can't wait to move !
do not go to this hd , they suck .
poor customer service , especially on the phone .
this is my first unhappy review on yelp .
horrible customer service as always !
fridge water dispenser leaks , etc .
do not purchase from home depot .
customer service is horrible here !
ended up walking out with no suggestions whatsoever .
don't get your eye exam here .
they may even suggest financing .
the first guy i encounter was rude .
he sent me over to " her " .
i walked out before the exam started .
just pass this place by .
no you would be a walk in .
i will never be back .
i'm never coming back .
so far not so bad .
don't waste your time here .
on top of that they treated me like shit .
not worth the aggravation .
we were a cash patient and received no discounts .
oh you know already huh ?
worst experience in years .
hidden fees and ridiculous charges .
certainly would not recommend .
thank you for that .
it has been almost a month and nothing !
i give them zero stars on that !
service was mediocre at best .
the sauce was great , the wings were terrible .
the wings also had very little meat on them .
it wasn't our fault she didn't run the cards .
this place makes me sad .
rude ass employees with grade school manners .
um nope , not at all !
keep in mind , this place closes after hours .
the dipping sauce made it worse .
i couldn't even tell what it was .
the blue cheese dipping sauce made it better .
hard to say when , though .
you can't go wrong with bww food .
most people out here are n't american !
unfortunately , their service is awful .
i opened everything up and it was cold .
worst part of all the place was empty .
experience ruined it for me .
i'm here trying to get me some tuesdays wings .
i'm not exaggerating i promise !
cause server has n't come to our table .
this place has mediocre service .
thats a little weird .
my order was wrong three times yes three times !
ordered couple beers and they were not that cold .
fed up we got up and left .
simply a horrible experience .
also they have crappy service and dirty tables .
will not be back !
i have never so disappointed with a place .
i wish i talked to the manager .
my friends were annoyed because our waiter took forever .
i have never been so disappointed with a place .
i wish i talked to the manager .
my friends were annoyed because our waiter took forever .
andrew was so rude !
honestly i've never felt so disrespected .
there weren't even that many people there .
won't be back to this location at all .
probably the worst service i have ever had !
so they would not serve her alcohol .
at this point i was a little irritated .
which wasn't even cold to begin with .
had the worst time at buffalo wild wings tonight .
will not go back .
place was not busy kinda dead .
if i could give zero stars i would !
the server was completely horrible .
wings should be hot not cold in temperature !
wish there was a star option !
so it gets worse .
our waiter did not check on us once .
our server was terrible .
never came by to check on us again .
food was okay ; nothing special .
extremely , extremely disappointing dinner .
this was my last visit to any bww .
worst costumer service ever !
this is not the first time .
this is no way to ruin a business .
that 's not wrong .
horrible service and food !
it is ice cold .
no sorry , nothing from management .
again no sorry nothing .
wouldn't recommend this location to anyone .
that 's where the compliments stop .
i thought it was a greasy mess .
then came the dreadful dessert .
my partners key lime pie was very sad also .
it was weird to see the filling so runny .
it would have been a better experience .
the place was empty .
my ribs were not very good at all .
we also had to wait forever for the check .
the service isn't worth two stars .
i kid you not .
not worth the hassle .
unfortunately , it went downhill from there for me .
the service was poor to start .
i had the sirloin steak and mashed potatoes .
this place recently had a car back into it .
but this store does not really do them justice .
i would much rather give this place zero stars .
this has been a big disappointment for me .
she seems like the most racist person on earth .
no , never again .
never ever ever take your prescriptions to this walgreens .
pharmacy service is the worst !
i get they're busy but hey don't be rude .
do not go here for your pharmacy needs !
worst service from the pharmacist .
never use this pharmacy , it is a joke !
i've never been to such an obnoxious walgreens before .
i have never been treated with disrespect and rudeness .
avoid this location at all costs !
this is not the first time either .
the car behind me has already left .
i hate this place .
somebody needs to get better management in that dump .
omg this walgreens is the worst !
it didn't get resolved until barely last week !
haha what a joke and waste of time !
i will be taking my prescriptions elsewhere .
i ended up being quite disappointed with the roll .
she was also so rude to other customers .
i believe she really needs basic training .
she stared at my child and ignored her .
as we excited the store , i was mad .
she was rude , pure and simple .
we are not going back .
candy priced this high should not have this problem .
i will not be returning .
i had the french toast w/ eggs & sausage .
my sausage was cold too .
note to self : must try the waffles .
this place is a dump now and is terrible .
our server was so slow .
very , very disappointed .
they said no substitutions .
an hour wait no food and a rude waitress .
sorry , i used to bust .
it came with some pretty bland country potatoes .
however , the sourdough toast was awesome !
terrible service , cold food , incorrect orders .
i have n't been back .
not gon na make that mistake twice .
the pancakes had no taste .
does the cook even look at what he's serving ?
the hollandaise sauce had no flavor whatsoever .
i won't be back .
or someone else who 's bad .
the food is not worth the money .
i will not be going to another blueberry hill .
try egg works , or elsewhere .
however , the taste is not there .
the hall to the bathroom smelled like raw sewage .
wonder how long those sit out .
they did not look good .
would not eat here again .
my husband and i went to have breakfast sunday .
the waitress today was horrible .
are you kidding me ?
if not , i'd avoid at all costs .
the place is a ripoff .
in vegas , off the strip , really .
i did not eat it .
i was not a fan and would never return .
glad this place shut down , horrible service .
receptionist was not very friendly .
didn't think i gave a bad review .
i said receptionist was rude .
and i only yelped info that she gave me .
probably wont go back to this place .
worst customer service ever .
i didn't want anyone else to get sick .
it can't make you sick . "
i love chipotle but this location is a mess .
in short , i got this order down cold .
it was a green mess !
i don't think that is asking too much .
never ate at a chipotle again .
i won't be back .
this one is by far the worst .
i didn't even need a receipt .
nope , not at this location .
this annoying activity dragged on for quite some time .
rather spend less and slam some & ago bell .
however every time has been terrible .
i'm not impressed with this location .
so bad it won't even melt the cheese !
this location has the worst service .
i couldn't believe it .
i was near sunset station and craving mexican food .
don't see myself ever returning here .
customer service is so bad .
i will not be returning to this location .
the employees were very rude .
never greeted me when i walked in .
my chipotle fan hood has been ruined .
have n't had chipotle since moving .
food was cold and poorly prepared .
i got chicken tacos with pico .
one taco had very little chicken on it .
furniture was old and worn .
areas normally touched by numerous past customers were black .
and then it was not even good .
it's ok , i guess . "
they're good , it's just that i've had better .
not too impressed , to tell you the truth .
i don't want to " like " anything .
however , the pita was falling apart .
i was starving and this place was still disappointing .
possibly the most disappoint greek food i've eaten .
this place is pure garbage .
the gyro meat was salty and dry .
also the price isn't worth it .
over all i'd you want greek go somewhere else .
i'm not a fan of this store .
sales were posted all over the store .
( nothing special ) .
no service , no food , no clue !
don't waste your money !
i would never recommend or refer anyone here .
the chicken is very salty .
no fries , and no biscuits .
is that a kfc trend or just this location ?
this establishment is poorly managed .
get your act together , kfc !
employee says they don't have any .
they have no business calling this location fast food .
no clean up , no prep very understaffed .
not sure how to give zero stars .
this place is terrible - avoid .
3rd time ; last time .
the fatty chickens are n't juicy they are gross .
they've parked me twice .
this is the worst kfc i've ever had .
i'd rate this zero stars if i could .
this is beyond the worst service .
worse tasting chicken i've ever had .
don't know how this place is even a kfc .
if i could give no stars i would have .
they do not have their stuff together .
then i didn't even get my whole order .
i will not come back to this location .
worst kfc i've ever been to .
dining room is typically very cold .
this is an american style burrito place .
grill was dirty and they were cooking on it !
i wish they would bring back the mango salsa .
wish i had read the reviews first .
third , food was just terrible .
this burrito didn't do the job for me .
the fish was completely dried out and tasteless .
just a horrible meal .
this one seems to be barely hanging on .
place has no air and is like a sauna .
if you get the chance , don't eat there .
sometimes you just need to stick to basics .
the seasoning was odd and uneven .
even with the discount , the food was overpriced .
i ordered a hawaiian pizza here and was unimpressed .
kind of pricey , so i won't be back .
the night that i came here was relatively slow .
first off , the presentation was tacky .
the " creamy herb dressing " was just ranch .
the crust was flavorless .
no sauce = no bueno .
pizza was not exciting .
the location is a little difficult to find .
the restaurant was mostly empty .
i will never return to sammy 's !
ok , i guess .
this second mistake was absolutely not acceptable .
it's a real shame .
it was cold in the center .
the service was poor as well .
the lack of professionalism again was disturbing .
this location has really bad customer service !
they sale burgers by the oz here .
the burger was sloppy and the food was over-priced .
even the onion rings were nasty .
dirty tables and floors .
cashier had no clue what she was doing .
the manager was very accomodating .
burgers were dry , overcooked , and tasteless .
are you kidding me ?
the worst part was the bun which was stale .
kudos to the wait staff who were extra friendly .
the rudest worst service ever .
ok - how stupid is that ?
keep it short & sour like my experience .
lazy , lazy , lazy !
either way , bad business .
super annoyed & pissed !
i don't carry a giant purse !
i mean , come on !
i go over hit the button but nothing happens .
i respond , " it's probably just jammed .
i just shake my head and walk away .
bummed out my sunday .
not sure but that 's not safe .
i'm sorry , what ?
don't talk down to a customer like that .
it wasn't cheap either .
really no sales or discounts at all .
his exam room is a public gallery .
what a complete ass and waste of time .
i wish i had looked here first .
i am livid at this point .
she then asks me what 's my problem .
he was completely dismissive of my skin problems .
no , definitely condition x , he says .
the office manager is trash and is to unprofessional !
the office manager is trash and is to unprofessional !
because this office doesn't care about their patients .
doctor made me uncomfortable .
my hair is even falling out .
this store really lacks selection .
don't buy any type of ring from this place .
this place is just the worst !
and it's not the first time !
first , it was incredibly difficult to find !
it's not a good deal .
picture below is the example of every register .
shouldn't it be free ?
do not reccommend this location however .
trying to find our server was impossible .
maybe ill just try another location .
couldn't find our server half the time .
way to much tip taken for crappy service .
please avoid this microwave italian food !
the atmosphere was great , the seats are uncomfortable .
sorry , olive garden , but you lost me .
such a waste of good money .
probably the worst food in a restaurant in years .
was invited by coworkers .
the manager was as clueless as the waiter .
clueless service and disgusting food .
no one was smiling like in their commercials .
the most awful chain restaurant .
the staff has always been awesome when i've gone .
biggest complaint is that they don't answer their phone .
i hate this place more than i can express .
but tonight was awful .
not even enough to coat half the pasta .
i am very much unsatisfied .
the table service wasn't up to my standards .
the calamari was cold and hard .
take your pick , you'll get better service .
my daughter realized it was the plates .
and i mean absolutely no flavor whatsoever .
unfortunately chains rely too much on their big name .
oh well , won't ever be going back there .
my in-laws got the cheese raviolis with meat sauce .
salad came out quickly .
she walked away and didn't see her again .
couldn't wait for our ravioli fix !
that was so rude of her !
it's to bad i didn't get any names .
it came out swimming in sauce like soup !
1st time they put on the wrong sauce .
i should have been comped not double charged .
manager just shrugged and said " oh sorry " .
customer service is terrible .
the waitress was very rude first off .
my pasta is supposed to have sauce !
no professional at all !
all three dinners were luke warm .
that brought out the mushrooms was rude .
and i was getting pissed !
like i said , this place blows !
first off , this place is cramped and small .
do not waste your time or money here !
please , do not give these people your business !
do not waste your time or money here !
second off , i asked for thick and wide .
no hook for my purse .
there was no wait .
not like they were busy .
not to mention she missed some spots .
bathroom door didn't lock .
there was only one other person getting a pedi .
terrible customer service and equally bad acrylic nail fill .
their inventory puts yours to shame .
needless to say , i will never go back .
not since moving to henderson though .
i am not sure why this is .
i am always disappointed when i come here .
if that happens , i will update this again .
seriously , there 's nothing you can do ?
you lost a customer today .
do i want to use product ?
i recommend trying another ulta .
register service was not pleasant .
i would not recommend this salon at all !
the stylist i got was horrible .
didn't check up on me or anything .
i generally love ulta but this location is terrible .
i'm just a little frustrated overall .
ulta salon is terrible .
this is the 3rd bad experience not fist .
this is the worst ulta i've ever been to .
the cashiers look like they hate their job too .
this is my least favorite location .
hands down every time the cashier is unbelievably rude .
i refuse to go back to ulta !
i won't be back .
i've given this salon way too many chances .
i feel like such an idiot .
every time i was assured .
my hair was so bad i almost cried there .
that is not the problem .
i shopped somewhere else instead .
hands down every time the cashier is unbelievably rude .
i refuse to go back to ulta !
the costumer service could be better too .
my eyebrows look terrible !
i don't even remember her name at this point .
the cashier was unbelievably rude .
don't come here , no one is helpful !
do not come here .
i wish i new these employees names .
these apartments are horrible .
oh and the guy in the office is rude !
its not worth the headache or the money !
i've seen the worst of the worst .
don't waste your time at this place .
dirty , unprofessional & not a nice place .
so then i thought id better check the order .
getting into this locations a nightmare ) .
i dont think im ever coming back .
on another note , our fries were cold .
also , he didn't give us a total .
we will not be back to this location .
it's no wonder that this location is so slow .
completely a disgrace to the company .
it didn't even taste like meat .
didn't fill our order correctly .
the service wasn't rude , but we weren't rude .
i feel so screwed !
i wouldn't go here again .
i'm never going back .
worst wendy 's ever !
maybe he's having a bad day . "
during this time he never spoke to me .
sorry you lost my business .
the workers here are super lazy .
i could not be more disappointed .
don't let their uniforms fool you .
i found the cashier to be inept .
this place however just blah .
if i came bk here again , i'd def .
no wonder they make a killing !
josh refuses to take care of problem .
this place was a disappointment !
completely ignored us save to drop the bill .
she didn't offer to take care of anything .
we left angry and will not return .
what kind of cheesecake does not have a crust ?
this crappy cheesecake at outback steakhouse .
the server breath smells bad .
won't even feed that to our dog .
please don't waste time or money .
they do not have it figured out yet .
my husband 's salad was missing the steak .
all my stuff was still missing .
slow service due to busy day .
service wasn't the best either .
only thing good was the bread & salmon .
their reservation system isn't reservations .
they just put on the waiting list early .
my asparagus were burned and tasted like char .
the waitress who we had was sub-par .
the food was fine .
recently , this restaurant relocated .
i can understand they're busy but this is ridiculous .
we'll probably never ever visit this location again .
and i saw fake meat on the plates .
overcrowded and the staff is over matched .
the drinks also arrived quickly .
it just wasn't as good as we remembered .
it was just very thin .
only good choice of the evening .
only comes medium well ?
guest ordered the sirloin and coconut shrimp .
the whole meal was a waste of time .
won't be back here for awhile .
very poor food , stay away !
it took forever to get our food.
not your typical outback .
everything was good , the server was friendly .
this was my worst visit to any outback steakhouse .
the potatoes were very dry .
just left this outback after our very first visit .
imagine a dry hard steak !
we said , no thank you .
we ordered and they brought the bill over .
the food should have better quality control !
i ordered the no rules pasta to go .
well when our meal showed up it was horrible .
it looked a mess .
it looked like it was served before .
what an awful experience !
their service really stinks .
don't waste your time at outback !
the only nice part was our waitress .
the wait time for everything was ridiculously long .
go to another outback establishment , not this location .
mashed potatoes were cold .
food was expensive and only mediocre in quality .
we will not return to the outback steakhouse again .
the atmosphere feels like warehouse seating .
unfortunately the carpet was just the beginning .
does this sound like competent maintenance ?
by far the worst experience of my life .
maintenance is almost non-existent .
eventually , i gave up making requests .
if you have children , do not move here .
my move out experience was ridiculous .
not that it actually costs them anything .
these people are sick .
the straw that broke was the water pipe leak .
the list really goes on and on .
just don't move here .
this was a week long ordeal .
they wouldn't even tell me where she lived .
this is also every fax , lease or concern .
this is a weekly police visit .
saying i did not pay my closing fees .
spend your extra penny 's else where .
do not rent from crystal creek !
management from the top down is awful .
their just there to make money .
they don't care about the tenants .
big disappointment on many levels .
these apartments are beyond terrible .
place is just overall fucking terrible .
no cleaning from the maintenance .
my pizza came out under cooked and soggy .
plus the employees were just rude and super ghetto !
i probably vacuumed that off my floor last week .
not that i'm expecting a waitress .
it's literally just me here .
i am so against pizza hut .
i will not be ordering from this location again .
this should have been my first clue .
i won't be back .
i instantly was not thrilled .
as i thought the burger was super mediocre .
they dont hassle you like other dealers in town .
it was really dirty .
i don't appreciate carmax putting my family at risk .
also a beer bottle cap and receipt for lunch .
they are the worst !
they are such a rip off !
communication along with their customer service is terrible .
will not buy from again because of service department .
salespeople : not pushy , friendly , very helpful .
sure feels like it for me .
needless to say i am not happy .
surprisingly , no one had ordered the part .
if i could rate this any lower i would .
purchased car from henderson carmax on sunday .
work and didn't offer a loaner .
the sales consultant , paul l. was fantastic .
first off , i purchased the extended warranty .
of course i didn't it just happened .
so they gave me a loaner car .
doesn't the car come with a smog upon purchase ?
charge to my visa card .
only problem was they wanted to give me .
gm didn't understand why i was denied .
there the same size rim and tire as stock .
not anymore , sorry carmax .
worse service i have had .
i do not recommend them at all .
it had some minor damage on it .
the cars there are too overpriced .
i would never recommend this place to anyone sorry !
worst experience of my life .
they tried to steal my money !
only because you can not give no stars !
liars liars liars don't say i didn't warn you !
the process was relatively fast .
the only problem has been the service department .
the employees don't care about anything .
they don't communicate with each other .
where has all the customer service gone ?
won't be coming back .
picked out car , day prior to signing papers .
no paper work was ready .
he could care less about helping the customer .
my sandwich was dry and tasteless .
she was hungry , i was not .
the eggs were overcooked , hard inside .
my food was just ok.
the service was very bad .
sloppy service and dirty .
i've tried the baked goods and the deli food .
the cookies , a little stale .
passable , but not something i would buy again .
but , jewish deli is serious business .
i was really eager to try this place .
bland , bland , bland .
not the best deli i've ever been to !
nothing special and a little overpriced .
the syrup was nasty .
it made no difference at all .
she was very short with us .
i'm not in a hurry to come back though .
food is very bland and overpriced .
service is beyond rude .
this was my 4th and last time here .
we up and walked out .
food was satisfactory but service was very poor .
he brings the drinks drops them and leaves .
in the meantime , these other two ( waitresses ?
does not wait for our answer and leaves .
still no waitress around .
you have a staff problem .
however , the service today was beyond terrible .
ok , why not scrambled eggs then ?
i won't be back .
my daughter and i ate weiss deli last month .
the inside was kind of dirty and very old .
would not recommend this business to anyone .
sometimes you want cheap fast food italian .
when i arrived , nobody was at the counter .
in reality , it's a wreck .
it seems too suspicious .
looked like he had a shaved head .
not a good look for you guys !
eh food and rude management !
horrible management and customer service here .
they lost me as a customer .
it was good but not spectacular .
but the service ruined it for me .
well first she came back .
i went bk in and they were already gone .
this was not a place i'd ever go back .
have n't experienced this problem at the other locations .
no excuse for lackluster treatment of customers !
being under new management , late night out partying ?
i didn't order a lettuce sandwich with pastrami .
it seems to be getting worse and worse .
it was really lackluster .
the lady at the counter was rude .
they also didn't have any bread ready .
sorry to say but won't be back .
that , however , is not what i received .
he is no longer there and the place sucks !
the food is not as good , period .
the burgers are never the right temperature .
this is not acceptable behavior at the village pub .
but the principle of the thing left us angry .
will not eat here again !
it was not a pasta dish .
my wife 's salad was perfectly mediocre .
went here before hitting a movie .
first off the layout is very odd .
between atmosphere and average food i won't return .
the beer was not fresh .
what the hell kind of service is that ?
all she said was sorry .
they are not that much faster .
it makes no sense .
but every night they do not .
would have been better just drinking the bbq sauce .
it was really uncomfortable .
horrible job on my nails !
the other staff would not give me customer service .
they will not get my hard working dollars !
she quickly did my toes and nails .
um excuse me , after the fact ?
this is the 2nd nail epic failure !
worst repair shop in town !
this place is ridiculously expensive !
front desk person advised no appointments sat .
no help at all .
after a week , no call back .
did that and weeks later no response .
not even a text back .
they charge a lot but not worth of it .
went twice and didn't like it at all .
i like american eagle 's jeans .
i'm sorry you're busy .
that 's so rude .
worst customer service ever .
the selection is down and not worth the trip .
big loss to michaels .
messy store as well .
this store is a joke !
the line is long and slow every time .
it's consistently beyond disgusting .
items are labeled sale , but are stocked wrong .
never buying anything from this store again .
the one at town square is even worst .
only if i could give this place negative stars .
i've never had such horrible service before .
they don't care about their customer .
no integrity or whatsoever .
often the wrong size in the wrong box .
the selection is severely lacking .
this store wasn't as clean and organized as others .
it was very unprofessional and rude .
what kind of crap is that ?
that makes no sense to me .
seriously over this place .
i've been getting my eyebrows waxed here for years !
one is super thin and i'm literally embarrassed .
i should 've seen that as a warning sign .
horrible way to treat a paying customer .
waxing your eyebrows here is just terrible .
they have stole money from me before !
greeted and told it would be ten minutes .
btw , this was not a busy time .
i won't be coming back .
their service level has become horrible .
don't waste your time .
i've never been in such a disorganized nail salon .
mine barley lasted a week .
the service has gone downhill .
worst denny 's ever !
the hash browns were nothing outstanding either .
the only good thing was the service .
graveyard cook was horrible .
will not go back there .
overall bad experience and it was dead in there .
who says this to someone entering a restaurant ?
unfortunately today was a bit of a disappointment .
the grits were cold .
you can't ruin pie , right ?
not even a glass of water .
a little odd , but okay .
the hot fudge was neither hot nor fudge .
i'm not sure what it was .
the presentation was horrible .
went here for breakfast and the experience was horrible .
there was no flavor at all .
the service here is awful .
took me like ten minutes to see the lady .
this place was a total joke !
the customer service sucked .
the cooks can't cook .
if i could zero stars .
my steak was stringy and way undercooked .
terrible if not horrific service .
no acknowledgement from the staff at all .
worst part of all .
but tonight was ridiculous .
the lady was completely rude .
my god , it was horrible !
another couple walked out while waiting .
our service last night was terrible .
watched customers get up and leave .
where was the team work ?
waiter : just sit anywhere .
waiter : i don't care .
but apparently that was too difficult .
on top of that everyone 's breakfast was cold .
no time to send it back .
we came for an early breakfast 5am .
the unappetizing appearance immediately made me pass .
only two other tables occupied at 1:30 pm .
seated promptly , drink orders taken , we ordered .
the plate had not been wiped .
replacement salad was better but ordinary .
the food was downright inedible !
the burger was so dry , and well done .
we were so disappointed , and left .
i have never been so disappointed in my life .
she then goes into this whole thing about policy .
the place is a disaster .
i won't be back .
i thought you all went to school for this .
well i hated it .
waste of time , waste of money !
the units are crap .
can't wait to move out .
the worst place i have ever lived !
do not rent to these people !
the maintenance at this location is certainly lacking .
appliances are very old , most don't work .
just is really old .
gym and the pool are nasty and never working .
so please , do not get an apartment here .
this place is horrible .
my tubs are peeling so they look horrible .
i beg you please don't move here !
one of the worst apartment complex 's in henderson .
may god guide them through their hard times .
the toilet paper holder fell off the wall !
so all and all this place sucks .
the residents in this place are also very inconsiderate .
this is the worst place to move to .
i recommend not moving here .
bugs crawling out of the fireplace .
the my bath water just turned grey .
literally grey and the water keeps turning cold .
worst place to live .
so maintenance didn't do their job right there .
no maintenance anywhere whatsoever .
horrible place , horrible management .
it's a major rip off .
would you get up and leave ?
he will not get anything done .
and is not helpful at all .
amc corporation shame on you .
the paint is horrible , literally missing spots .
the upgraded appliances are cheap .
the counters are finished with cheap crap as well .
looked like the smelly dog was kept in there !
piss and poop stains and horrid small .
it is so gross .
this place straight up sucks !
never consider moving here .
the maintenance people don't care about anything .
so unprofessional , and rude .
not sure what 's worse .
chances are , you're in the ghetto .
customer service said i should of called them first .
bad return policy compared to all other competition .
i want my down filled pillows !
i will never return to this store .
i would not recommend this program to anyone .
the radio reception is the worst .
take it or leave it attitude .
now i'm not buying a bike .
every time i go there i am lied to .
they just kept dying .
liars terrible customer service .
spaghetti was horrible and served on a dirty plate .
all and i mean all the staff is rude !
she has zero customer service skills , like really ?
your losing business over this rude broad !
i will not be returning .
they messed up my pizza order .
ordering baked ziti was easier and yet better .
but that sink did not have one single use .
i just ordered some food tonight from napoli .
this time , everything was terrible .
overall , this experience was terrible .
no one asked , can i help you ?
you are going to burn pizza ?
we won't knock that too much .
10-15 minutes later , my pizza came out .
the greek pizza was blah .
i was way , way too generous before .
don't waste your hard earned money on this place.
my experience did not turn out well .
the dr. pepper was flat .
however my 1st experience was not .
she kept saying " im sorry so sorry " .
i'll not return to this place .
horrible , will never order from them again .
three words : don't do it .
the cake was stale and hard .
even the frosting looked old .
like it had been around for way too long .
okay , now the bad .
almost no roast beef .
the garlic bread that came with it is atrocious .
don't waste your time with this place .
i sure won't be ordering again !
the biggest loss here was the staff .
absolutely rude and uninterested in helping .
super pizza has better knots .
pizza is always delivered under cooked .
what poor customer service !
don't give these idiots your business .
the lady could not understand the word pueblo .
they totally ripped me off .
terrible service would not recommend .
i am so torn with this place .
don't think i'll be going back anytime soon .
very very bad first experience .
way over priced drinks with no refills .
have n't been on time the last three times .
it was ok but went downhill fast .
the ladies behind the counter are n't too helpful .
i put my money to better use elsewhere .
not impressed at all .
i will not be using them again .
never again am i going back .
bottom line : the order was wrong .
i called and the people were rude .
absolute terrible customer service !
delivery service terrible and very very rude !
i couldn't even understand what the guy said .
this is the worst pizza place in las vegas .
the chicken wings are always crispy and on point .
very disappointed with you guys .
it was tasteless with a rubbery consistency .
complete failure all around .
nothing had any flavor to it .
this was an overall disappointing meal .
i would not recommend this place .
the order of medium boneless wings were probably frozen .
will not be back .
it was edible , yet overlooked and bland .
will not be ordering from here again .
i sadly found two hairs baked in my pizza .
i am tired and it's really late .
thanks for the cold pizza and the cold shoulder .
go to metro pizza and you'll be much happier .
holy crap , are you kidding me ?
i feel so cheated .
too bad there are no negative stars .
pizza , burgers , salads .
major down fall was the super slow service .
no hello , nothing .
they don't mean it .
no free garlic balls .
we don't get this extra topping , just cheese .
the 3/4 times we've ordered them it's never crispy .
food was not good at all .
bad food for a premium price .
the cold roast beef sandwich was absolutely horrible .
i begin to feel sick .
i would not bother with this place .
the crust is a complete failure !
this is the most pathetic pizza ever !
the chicken tasted old and was hard .
what a waste of money and time .
hour wait for a dine in pizza .
just left this place .
if only i could give zero stars .
cold , rubbery and wrong .
i sat down to wait on the food .
not to mention , it's not the cheapest place .
i also didn't receive my salad .
not worth the wait or the money .
very disappointed especially considering it is just a tuesday !
their customer service still lacks .
even tacos from taco hell .
i ordered baked ziti and a cannoli .
which looked appetizing but everything tasted like the fridge .
it looked appetizing and was a huge portion .
however , it tasted completely bland .
if i could give no stars i would .
it was burnt , tough and flavorless .
they're skimpy as hell on the cheese .
a little friendliness will go a long way .
the bun was stale and the eggplant was soggy .
i won't be ordering from here again .
the pizza was soggy and not great .
it's really overpriced too .
i was so disappointed with napoli today .
there was virtually hardly any sauce on anything .
not a great way to celebrate my birthday .
whoa , not digging the new decor at all !
i won't be back .
guess i will be driving an extra 1/4 mile .
went here last week , and we were ignored .
i should know , i have a few pair .
not cool , wash your stuff more often !
service here wasn't any better .
the gentlemen cashier was also unpleasant .
i feel like customer service here is really desperate .
she probably didn't notice .
the job was not complete .
our dog was still wet and not brushed out .
they do not have my recommendation .
not to be trusted .
i will not trust this place for pet boarding .
sorry premier but you won't be doing this car .
this is not a bargain place .
i had a bad experience here .
there was a lack in communication .
glad i caught it before i lost my motor .
your only setting yourself up for failure .
worst car wash in las vegas .
doesn't even come close to drying either .
this places is useless !
what a waste of time .
sue is my go to gal .
this last experience was horrific .
going back will not happen .
it just comes off as unprofessional .
again , she rushed it .
everytime i attempt to go there it's always bs .
worst nail salon i've ever been too .
they won't get not one penny outta me .
no paying customers should be treated this way .
i go to this nail salon frequently .
complete asshole and completely unprofessional as a manager .
truly lives up to the name " terrible " .
i asked for my money back .
terrible company bed bug infested !
only good for leaving trash !
leasing office was a nightmare .
the stove still does not work either .
area was decent but the apartments are outdated .
but this has been such a horrible experience .
i do not recommend living here .
maintenance here is a nightmare .
the living room never gets cool .
this has been the most terrible experience ever .
absolutely and positively the worst place i've ever lived !
the staff is incompetent and unfriendly .
it's smell like dog shit !
no bread was offered .
ordered side of soup , no crackers were served .
i could barely taste it !
i'm beginning to wonder .
the server on the other hand was another story .
she was not friendly at all .
i really wished i would have ordered that instead .
followed by the turkey pesto sandwich .
wifi is very slow .
and the food was not delicious at all .
the place has gone downhill .
sad really this was a family favorite .
now it's a place we will avoid .
they were not even done eating .
they were drinking waters .
no drinks and no bread .
the pot roast was chewy and the broccoli overcooked .
after we were done the waiter offered us dessert .
service was a zero .
disappointing experience to say the least .
hubby ordered an omelet which did not taste fresh .
our waitress kept forgetting our drinks .
she didn't care that we were leaving .
boring place and bad service .
over priced nasty food .
steak dinners were awful .
well i was dead wrong .
no alcohol with new coupons .
the service during lunchtime was very poor .
probably won't come back in the future .
will not go here again .
the server was not very good at all .
this reviews is bad .
i left without eating .
i will not be going to that brand again .
very misleading and disappointing .
no one told me this .
these people don't know what they are talking about .
he had no answer , he just turned red .
okay no big deal .
okay no big deal .
i could hear my dog calling out for me .
she came in and handed me my paperwork .
this cut isn't a small cut it's pretty big .
i'm not sure whats is though .
there was two in the tank .
the garlic knots were alright , nothing special .
it actually wasn't but apparently nobody understood our request .
anyway , the pizza was alright .
the pizza is pretty generic .
the sauce is pretty boring .
some might even have better food than yours .
long story short i walked in , was ignored .
went to counter , was ignored .
bad food , bad service , bad price !
i should 've known when i first walked in .
they should have been watching the food instead .
a pizza oven should never be empty !
the garlic knots were bad , at best .
they were hard and clearly not made from scratch .
tomatoes that were dried out .
over priced , boring and bland .
but it sure doesn't deliver .
sadly , i would not eat here again .
i've been here twice and am just not impressed .
nothing special here , and i didn't eat it .
i will not be back .
worst service i have ever had .
no help at all .
i have a video of him yelling at me .
there weren't even carrots with my wings .
not impressed for the price .
they couldn't even eat it .
i ordered plain spaghetti .
mediocre , at best .
certainly not worth the money .
the owner was rude to take out order .
we ordered ice tea and it tasted horrible .
don't waste your money here .
the pizza and knots were mediocre at best .
i got none of that .
they can't really afford to be this bad .
unfortunately , the service isn't great .
no - wood may have had a better taste !
always act annoyed and never friendly .
not fresh at all .
i'm disappointed and i will not come back .
the baked ziti tasted like it was frozen .
service was marginal at best .
poor food and they are dishonest with credit charges .
it was a very unappetizing place to be .
the bread was tasteless .
ohh , i can't forget about the salad .
the lettuce was falling off the table .
it was just mayo with pepper seasoning .
never again will i come to this place .
the service is terrible .
the food is only decent .
we said ok what the hell .
so we went down , and sat .
she dropped the waters and left .
i tried to give this place a second chance .
oh and the oreo sundaes are a lie .
did i leave at this point ?
no , i did not .
because clearly i'm an idiot .
it's really hard to screw that up .
the food and beverage service was horrible .
even trying to flag anyone down was impossible .
completely ignoring my groupon .
no wonder there so dead inside .
ate here for the first time this evening .
this place was no different .
it's not awful , it's not amazing .
- this place is also a station casino .
- this place can't cook a steak .
- ahi ahi was bland .
but expected since labeled healthy choice .
- potato was boring .
i tried the beer sampler last night .
don't eat here except for breakfast .
the morning staff is awesome .
she couldn't even look us in the eye .
remember , breakfast only at this place .
it was nice and stiff .
good thing because my first sip was terrible .
the pretzel bites and pot stickers were pretty good .
the cheese literally looked like wax paper .
all in all , not impressed .
her whole side of the conversation was very rude .
just walked out of this place today .
dry ribs , dry brisket .
the brisket was also fatty and tasteless .
no real flavor to any of the meat .
pulled pork was flavorless .
the waiters are slow and business is under staffed .
the first thing i ordered were the shrimp cocktail .
ok , so it wasn't that bad .
i wish this establishment luck !
my lunchtime was just about over and no food .
neither left me wanting for more .
the flavor was not that of shrimp or crab .
no value at all .
it was sweet and gross .
and this was a major fail .
i missed lunch and crave mex carbs .
the beef enchilada was cold .
so the meal was cheap .
the prices were ridiculous .
the food was extremely bland and soggy .
salsa tasted like it was straight outta the jar .
lol i hardly doubt that .
anyways , i wouldn't go back .
would not even give this restaurant one star !
the worst mexican food i have ever had .
the prices are also absolutely ridiculous .
lastly , the service was horrible .
so disappointed its friday night in vegas .
i was not the only one turned away .
stale old rice and beans .
chips were stale salsa was good .
typical , familiar and nice restaurant layout .
cold and all broken pieces .
carne asada tacos were tough and not well seasoned .
food was very bland .
i ate two bite of my enchiladas .
leaving the restaurant dissatisfied and hungry sadly .
we were all disappointed .
the rice had zero flavor .
way overpriced and not authentic .
why did he not tell us it was more .
just , nope not a special and walked away .
the whole experience was terrible .
could only imagine kitchen .
there is nothing special about this place .
the taste was off .
i didn't really like it .
probably wouldn't go back .
not sure if i would go here again .
besides the house dressing everything was quite bland .
i will not be coming here ever again .
all i could taste is old chicken and egg .
writing this review is already upsetting me again .
the noodles are so pale , no sauce whatsoever .
they look like they absolutely hate their jobs .
i wouldn't come back for thai food .
my group walked in and were seated immediately .
there was nothing " fried rice " about it .
it lacked sauce and crushed peanuts .
and again it was just very bland .
i won't be going back .
i wish i didnt have to select any stars .
the problem was the ladies at the front desk .
they were pretty rude .
way too expensive for what you get .
we were very disappointed .
or if they just do shabby work .
not impressed with this walmart mcdonalds .
yup under the heat lamps for too long alright .
the sandwich was way too dry .
the bun wasn't stale at least .
the trash bins were full .
this has got to be the worst mcdonalds ever .
i will never go to this mcdonalds again .
crappy service , mediocre food .
there people are incompetent .
my mother 's sausage also tasted old .
two people don't cut it .
there are no cavities !
so , now my son goes to my dentist .
they can not be trusted .
do not give this office your business .
don't take your child here .
he couldn't believe a dentist could be so ignorant .
i almost wish i didnt go in .
they have the absolute worse customer service .
that 's why i keep going back .
the service is terrible at this location .
three people refused to help me .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the sales associate virginia was so rude .
are you kidding me ?
she didn't want to help and walked away .
this store is missing the mark on many levels .
i hear walmart is hiring .
this place is terrible .
but i wasn't a fan .
as good as it could 've been .
the egg rolls were extremely greasy and rather tasteless .
nothing tasted remotely fresh .
finally the coconut chicken we ordered was inedible .
the egg rolls were extremely greasy and rather tasteless .
nothing tasted remotely fresh .
finally the coconut chicken we ordered was inedible .
long wait to get food for a slow night .
have n't been back since though .
spicy noodles had no meat of any kind .
all in all extremely disappointing .
i can't think of one positive thing .
it was very bland .
very , very bland .
he said it was the worst ever .
the orange chicken was horrible too .
i want my money back .
the rice was boring and kind of mushy .
i really wish i could get my money back .
i would definitely not recommend this place to anyone .
the beef was soft and chewy .
this meal was not tasty .
i will not go here again .
how do you mess up fried rice ?
i'm not sure what that was .
no heat what so ever .
sauce just didn't cut it .
and chicken was rubbery .
i didn't even know how to respond to that .
i will never again go there .
racist is what i call it !
bad business and horrible customers service !
i will not be returning .
do not go to that place !
no hello , no nothing !
this is not the hooters to go to .
there 's like no one in your store ?
i don't know , maybe that 's just me ?
you should try to avoid eating here if possible .
plus , the food isn't all that great .
the food is mediocre at best .
then she gave us an attitude problem .
sorry , i won't eat here again .
kind of sad and definitely disappointing .
poor service , with worse food .
but that is why we have the internet .
terrible wings and service was not great .
couldn't find a manager .
my male companion 's boneless wings were yummy too .
no regards to customer service .
walmart nail salon a disaster .
this nonsense has to end .
every single employee here freaked me out this weekend .
next we browse the plants , pots , etc .
the plants were very poor quality and half dead .
why do these matter ?
seriously , nothing at wal-mart is even worth stealing .
maybe that 's the problem .
i hate this walmart !
i inform her i need some ammo .
it's never clean and poorly organized .
they are a total disgrace to this community !
but the stuff was cold if you bought it .
what a horrible experience with the wal-mart auto center .
ummm , i'm sorry , yes ?
shouldn't that be the job of customer service ?
i am still waiting after more than three hours .
wally world a necessary evil .
well there are not many discounts .
no , too bad and they are yours .
their return policies are horrible .
i hate it when they say that .
couldn't even eat it by hand .
i didn't even finish my meal .
can't understand how they are still in business .
not recommended if you're short on time .
i would give negative stars if i could .
there was only another family inside .
save yourself the trouble and stay away .
figured shouldn't be too long .
you can not go wrong here .
they lost my sale .
the store wasn't that busy .
no alternatives offered , no advice .
the service here stinks .
horrible , horrible , horrible !
one there jacket was too short .
it looked absolutely horrible on him .
horrible customer service is an understatement !
customer service is awful .
thats when it went downhill .
they made it worse .
dang , they got some expensive stuff .
i was very disappointed with the customer service here .
worst costumer service , ever .
even asking for help we couldn't get help .
i wish i could give them no stars !
service sucks enough said .
if it starts out bad it will stay bad .
stay away don't let them ruin your big day !
this place is straight garbage .
i would go have a beer with these folks .
unfortunately this location has failed us .
each time the customer service was well below par .
my tux was way too big .
worst customer service ever !
everything he measured was too big .
this was just plain unprofessional behavior .
i really couldn't believe it .
this really left a bad taste in my mouth .
the fries were terrible .
we won't be visiting this location again .
we went back tonight and had another bad experience .
i am disappointed and we will not be returning .
not bad , food order was taken .
this is where it really started to suck .
there is really nothing special about this place .
my food wasn't even hot when i got it .
either way it was unacceptable .
the place was empty !
i really wish this restaurant could get everything together !
was it a disaster ?
oktoberfest burger - hated it !
neither did it tasted like it was grilled .
poor service can make good food taste bad .
um kind of too late for that right ?
filthy & horrible management .
the bun was all right , a tad dry .
overall , not pleased .
the fries were disappointing too !
i remember them being so much better too .
but then , she didn't clean it up .
mediocre ( at best ) food .
my fries were ice cold .
i actually refused them because they were so cold .
it wasn't horrible , but it wasn't wasn't great .
his daughter had a turkey sandwich and soup .
when our food arrived our french fries were cold .
are you kidding me ?
disappointing and absolutely appalling !
soup was okay , but nothing special .
i like red robin but not this location .
hopefully that doesn't happen on a consistent basis .
no lisa , so we left .
anyway , great burger , horrible to go service .
the service was horrible again .
we ordered my daughter grilled chicken and apple slices .
my main thing was hot food !
my burger was room temperature at best .
our waitress served me water in a dirty glass .
that was not the case here today .
what a nightmare this place is !
i wish i could give it negative stars .
the problem was the service in the bar area .
never have we been so disappointed .
i don't recommend this restaurant to anyone .
second of all , that 's nasty .
the beer menu also confused me .
we ate here yesterday and i was extremely disappointed .
the beer my husband wanted they ran out .
she walked away annoyed .
no appetizers just our entrees .
don't waste your time .
only 1/4 work deserves 1/4 tip .
no apologies from the server .
so i guess that 's a plus .
food is great but the service is crap .
they need to hire more waiters .
i didn't even get a refill on my drink .
time after time , terribly slow service .
never again will i return to this establishment !
has n't checked on us once .
the food was greasy and over cooked .
the manager really needs training or a different career .
i'm sure it's better than this place .
didnt really feel like i was a valued guest .
the waitress was friendly though .
our server was pretty cranky .
but the service was terrible and the food mediocre .
she also never brought hash browns .
it ruined out breakfast .
terrible food quality and terrible service .
we had french toast that was stale and burned .
chicken fingers werent cooked .
wasn't he supposed to ask us about that before ?
also our fries and burgers were cold .
i hate fast food chains .
only thing missing was ketchup .
what a terrible experience at this one !
this location is not run very well .
if i can't work , i can't go here .
some customers just left the store .
but , they had hours until they closed .
it's been busy both times i've gone in .
not the experience today !
the employees here are extremely rude .
i will not be coming back to this location .
service is consistently poor .
my bagel as not toasted .
very dirty place , all tables where nasty .
probably the slowest and worst service on the planet .
it's just not worth it .
my son and i have birthdays a week apart .
no , she did not .
i guess customer service is lost .
she didn't ask my name .
she was a older lady , security guard .
the girl was so rude to her .
what 's so hard about that and move on .
i couldn't believe it .
i just can't believe she doesn't get complaints .
what a terribly disappointing place .
my mother will not be going to tlc .
avoid this place at any costs !
not a home for sick people .
i am very busy ! "
run , don't walk from this facility .
i have no idea why they are in business .
it doesn't fit at all !
you'll be less likely to get screwed !
this was not the case .
we will not return to this sears auto center .
i will not be returning here at all .
i had a groupon so decided to try it .
wrong that 's not how groupon works .
sad sears used to be such a reliable place .
wrong that 's not how groupon works .
sad sears used to be such a reliable place .
long story short just don't go here !
the chips were super cheap and salty .
the only good thing is the salsa bar .
ok mex , but not just feels cheap .
why cheap you say ?
unfortunately , this was not the case .
first of all , the service was lacking .
the beans were bland and tasted like paste .
there was no chips but crumbs .
the salsa bar was pretty messy .
no , it was still messy .
he returns with place settings .
but a salsa bar can't save this place .
it was just plain nasty .
i'm just not a fan of this place .
this food is just bad .
fish tacos taste fishy .
carne asada taste of cheap seasoning .
red rice and beans were mediocre .
it is located inside of sunset station in henderson .
thank god she didn't eat the shrimp !
the service was horrible !
hire new employees as soon as possible .
told unlimited chips but never appeared .
never had an opportunity to order another drink .
food was poor without taste .
made a mistake going there .
- my friend ordered a margarita that tasted terrible .
starting with the draft beer that was totally flat .
so sad that this restaurant has gone downhill .
this was the beginning of the mistake .
the chicken parmesan was pretty average .
don't waste your time here .
our waiter , russell was horrible .
they used to be much better .
but there was a whole bay leaf inside .
i don't like having inedible things in my food .
russell didn't get that .
the food has gone downhill in quality .
bad , bad , bad service only gets worse .
the food was terrible !
overall it was just bad .
he wasn't apologetic or seemed to care at all .
food service was terrible , food quality was worse .
i wouldn't recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy !
nothing exceptional , but all edible .
wasn't impressed by the food .
the food was sincerely awful .
the bread was cold and soggy , tomatoes flavorless .
this place deserves no stars !
the worst customer service .
two out of the eight bread sticks were moldy .
not one single i'm sorry .
then the moldy bread sticks were never replaced .
the cesar salad looked terrible .
the experience really turned out whole stomach .
so i'm not trying to put anyone on blast .
but it's still gross .
it tasted of plain tomatoes and tin can .
i will not be going back after this experience .
it was not a good night .
he was not happy with our visit .
no apologies , nothing .
ended a decent evening on a sour note .
what a waste of money to dine here !
are you kidding me ?
i am so disappointed !
it was just wrong !
too bad it ended there .
the chicken dish she ordered tasted pretty bad .
the desert was yucky and ugly .
her potato was rotten .
one side forgotten , one meal undercooked , etc .
place has gone down hill .
place was nearly empty at 9pm .
not a good sign .
a little vinegar on top .
no kidding , what a joke !
for food that was not as good as mcdonalds .
my kids hardly believed what we told them .
just my luck , i guess .
nobody knows , nobody cares .
shady practice , be careful .
" quick lube " isn't so quick !
the 2nd , not so well !
truly pathetic and disappointing .
every experience with them has been nothing but irritating .
this is where it all goes downhill .
i used to purchase only chevy .
or high prices and crappy service .
he lost a sale .
less than pleased with the henderson chevrolet service department .
a little follow up would be appreciated .
very unprofessional and rude regardless of anybody situation .
they are a rip off and rude and dishonest .
i arrived at my scheduled appointment ten minutes early .
after two hours i'm still waiting .
i was passed off to a salesman .
this has happened two oil changes in a row ?
the worst customer service out there !
i'm resolved to never do any business with them .
that by itself is unacceptable on so many levels .
if i could give the a zero i would .
worst company i've ever done business with .
i'm so very disgusted in this place .
wtf is that how rude .
tuesday morning , no call .
guess what , no call !
this was overall terrible service .
they also found a problem that cost approx .
go somewhere else , you'll save time and money .
i told them i really needed a warranty .
so i went without ac for two years .
person says i have to wait 24hrs .
they are a waste of your time !
oil change was the only thing done .
pricing : this is not carmax !
carmax is a store , this is a dealership .
so there is some room on the price .
so , i left .
nothing seems to be organized and absolutely zero communication .
no one even acknowledged me .
if i could give negative stars , i would .
i wish you could give this place no stars .
she claimed they didn't do anything to it .
the poor gal at the cashier booth was embarrassed .
no call , text or communication .
if i could give it zero stars i would .
not to my surprise , mike did not listen .
so , i stopped using it .
worst experience of my life .
no other price was ever discussed .
customer service was terrible .
nissan henderson was an awful experience .
honestly people stay away , horrible service !
uh , no sorry i can't find it .
what bunch of crap .
the worst , real bait and switch operation .
never even consider this place .
unprofessional , lazy , rude .
don't even bother with this place .
do not go to henderson nissan !
actually the first one wasn't so bad .
piece of shit just called me a liar .
they were all so rude !
they rushed through the whole thing .
this was probably the worse idea i ever had .
looking to buy a nice used jeep .
i just dont trust the sales men anymore .
run for the hills !
no fuss or frills .
are you kidding me ?
save your self the hassle and go elsewhere .
worst service department we've ever experienced .
i was very disappointed .
i was completely wrong .
no customer should have to experience anything like that .
nissan no longer cares about service or selling vehicles .
these guys are the typical shady car buying experience .
we had n't even looked at a car yet .
he told me no appt .
do not buy a car from here .
do not buy a car from here .
10/10 would not recommend .
this place is ridiculous .
never ever go here if you can avoid it .
wifey was in terrible pain .
don't come here if you can avoid it .
i will not go back .
that 's beyond ridiculous .
there is no point of setting up an appt .
waited outside lobby again to wait for paper work .
i wish i could give negative stars .
warning do not take your car here !
the service dept was awful .
they made all these promises and wasted our time .
does not acknowledge us .
not follow up or communication .
i would not reccommend this dealership to anyone .
now , i have something else wrong with it .
i was so very wrong .
this rating is strictly for the service department .
this is not small stuff .
findlay does not stand behind their vehicles or warranty .
seemed very put off .
i won't go back .
salesman a complete jerk !
the absolute worst customer experience i have ever had .
they just lost a customer for life .
wouldn't buy another car from these clowns !
letters were written to upper management .
people are nice but are clueless .
eventually they gave me a loaner .
i will never do business with findlay again .
seems a little long .
horrible and dishonest service department .
i was so disappointed .
do not buy used cars from this place !
no paper work to register it .
they just stuck it in the window .
once you buy a car customer service is done .
if at all possible avoid going here .
purchased the extended warranty and it doesn't cover anything .
ford refuses to do anything about it .
do not take your car here to get serviced .
i recently had my car worked on there .
the car was not looked at until wednesday afternoon .
customer service was terrible .
the entire experience was ridiculous .
rude attitude over the phone .
service department is horrible !
everything the do is driven by the dollar !
this location has the worst service department .
so i went there to buy a new car .
so i get the call the car is ready .
i went back to get it .
don't know what happened but it failed big time .
by this time i'm pissed .
don't know what happened at that point .
contract was signed money exchanged and off i went .
this is not the case .
glad to know that customer service is a priority .
service department is very rude and lack communication skills .
no concrete or accurate information regarding servicing .
they lost a customer .
this dealership sold me an unsafe car !
i should not have to be dealing with this .
the rep made me feel like i was stupid .
they try to sell very expensive extra warranty .
this is a situation where it's black and white .
so shame on you ford country .
the service department is terrible .
all same name , same address .
the service department is terrible .
avoid this dealership at all cost .
i get that , i stop posting reviews .
very rude and unpleasant .
end of the day don't buy here .
if i could leave zero stars , i would .
never get any calls back from anyone .
don't trust ( or buy ) the extended warranty .
kind or a ripoff and definitely not worth it .
what was very frustrating was paying the bill .
would not go here again .
doesn't get any better , doesn't get any worst .
even the fries were horrible !
i will not be eating there again !
i don't bother coming here anymore .
the food here is not so great .
blt , no mayo ?
the toast was over toasted and very chewy .
will not be back .
nothing bad necessarily just nothing all that great .
i am being robbed .
i am being robbed .
they lost my business and centennial toyota earned it .
service here is awful in my experience .
findlay repair shop sucks !
recently had my car in for a/c fan repair .
the offer was to low which is fine .
no problem , they said .
are you kidding me ?
he looked straight at me and walked away !
spend your money elsewhere !
never purchase a car from this dealership !
and it never has !
i've had worse , but seen way better .
finally sat down to fill out the service order .
he shrugged his shoulders so i left .
two hours for an oil change ?
are n't they all ?
came in to grab a quote on a lease .
a little too scary if you ask me .
he was extremely helpful .
even the other service reps didn't know .
he then happily invited us to sit down .
that couldn't be farther from the truth .
what a waste of time and money .
i doubt adam had even contacted the technician .
i felt bad for that guy .
getting service from a dealership is never cheap .
it's very inconvenient to have to make additional trips .
ended up purchasing from bmw of las vegas .
whatever you do , get everything in writing .
this is another lie .
are you kidding me ?
i nailed my guy everytime he double talked me .
these are the best prices on town .
omg i've worked soooo hard for you .
are not a dealership .
do not know what inventory dealers really have .
those prices do not reflect current inventory .
i'm completely exhausted dealing with the bs .
tell him we're coming in friday night after work .
are you kidding me ?
like i said , so incredibly disappointed .
basically a fail from start to finish .
i don't mind paying for services that are needed .
worst dealership i've ever dealt with !
worst dealership i've ever dealt with !
then we walked out .
this was a disaster of a visit .
i will never buy another toyota because if them .
she left paul a voicemail with her decision .
first thing monday morning we go to the dealership .
my experience at the dealership itself was terrible .
i will not recommend findlay to anyone .
he was rude and condescending the entire time .
not a good experience , totally wasted my time .
i highly don't recommend !
better options elsewhere if you look .
this place doesn't even deserve one star .
do not trust these people .
the company really sucked !
she didn't seem too bad , but still .
i really didn't know what to say to that .
why had n't she read the order before thoroughly ?
i wish this app had negative stars .
no fake long conversations please .
avoid coming here at all risk .
don't be fooled by the nice looking furniture .
the wooden kitchen table is scratched .
i won't purchase from ashley furniture again .
dont waste your money !
i regret coming here .
so not worth the aggravation !
incompetence , lack of concern and professionalism .
that was a big mistake .
bad products and poor customer service .
the delay wasn't a huge issue .
this is not an isolated event .
there was nothing that he could do .
low rating due to customer service issues not furniture .
instantly lost me because of lies .
the customer service is terrible !
second experience purchasing a dining set was horrible .
see ashley furniture sahara review for more details .
this company is garbage .
i wish i could give this zero stars !
we had the most ridiculous experience with delivery .
did anyone bother to apologize ?
there goes a wasted day of work !
they seem to always have delivery problems .
i guess that 's why you don't tell us .
wasn't really impressed with the staff .
i really shouldn't even give this store one star .
i am so disappointed in their warranty also .
really limited selection : most items seemed really similar .
what a big mistake shopping at ashley was .
poor excuse for a business .
i don't understand how they're so unprofessional .
shady , shady , shady .
i'm going to shop elsewhere for a dining set .
rude staff , and they were all sick too !
i see why now , people walked out .
very strange set up and check in process .
also i didn't get apology for the screw up .
she told me yes .
simply for safety concerns of no recovery .
very very poor customer service .
they really lack any and all compassion .
we figured it was our error .
it was way too wide .
they made another sink which fit .
i am very unhappy at this point .
i would never use them again .
i am a no nonsense kind of person .
he couldn't give me the bid .
he said he would email it next morning .
morning came , nothing .
i explained i want this done quickly .
not very nice and didn't want my business .
about as bad as it gets .
sears is terrible , stay away .
overall experience is very bad .
do not promise something and don't do it .
it's been a long time since i've been here .
will not visit this location again !
probably won't be coming back here anymore .
what a spectacular disappointment .
this just seems to be poor management .
can't seem to get an order right .
it was stale as all get out .
this will however most definitely be the last time .
tonight for dinner it was pretty bad .
messy and sloppy bar station .
i won't be coming back .
the women 's bathroom was disgusting .
no more words for this place .
in a word , nasty !
unfortunately , every week billing is a headache .
lots of play time rather than educational teaching .
not my first encounter with the billing .
terrible choice of day care providers .
i wish someone could get there shit together .
i didn't like the food it was dry .
never never never go to this location !
a few days later we returned for breakfast burritos .
they are sloppy and careless .
worse than the garbage they call their enchilada sauce .
no big deal , maybe we should 've asked .
no apology , no customer service .
got a refund but still very disgusted .
not to mention my horchata was disgusting .
a whole onion does not even cost that !
overall the worst burrito ever !
this place is nothing like it .
really hard to find taco shops here .
sorry i will not be going back here .
most likely the worst mexican food in the city .
do not eat here , you'll be sorry .
the tacos are very skimpy and tasteless .
but i don't like pico de gallo .
this guy doesn't wear gloves .
i sit down and eat it .
and it was terrible .
it was like chewing beef jerky .
horchata was watered down and tasted old or something .
prices are comparable so nothing to complain about there .
not from here but needed a quick fill .
she is the only one id trust .
the eye brows were also very uneven .
a total wreck of a haircut .
there should be a law against uneven haircuts .
i was so disappointed .
but the veggies were old and wilted .
i won't be back .
i only needed two forks so that was good .
the mushrooms were cold .
it didn't taste like chicken at all .
it actually made me wonder if it was chicken .
unfortunately , this location kind of sucks .
rude , rude , rude .
not acceptable to me .
probably not - too much oil for my liking .
so , i ordered the pad thai with chicken .
noodles were undercooked , chicken was fine .
at this point i just gave up and left .
i will not be going back .
but the wait for the food was terrible .
personally , i wouldn't come back .
first time experiencing pei wei .
the sushi wasn't fresh .
the mushrooms were bitter and tasted old .
getting pretty lazy and sloppy for the price .
i have eaten here many times .
the food has gone downhill .
the tea was supposedly flavored with cinnamon .
it had an unpleasant chemical taste .
won't be coming back .
do not get the won ton soup .
the customer service is lacking .
edit : complaint filed with pei wei corporate .
they don't even deserve a single star .
salted fried chicken was too dry .
alright , this place is horrid .
i went a couple of times already .
that also is not a good sign .
do not go to this place .
the second time was not as good .
it was very bland and lukewarm .
tonight though was the worst .
so , tonight was the last straw .
i will not be back .
egg rolls were over cooked and hard .
i've never experienced anything like it .
kinda a let down on this place .
i probably won't be back .
nope , not this place .
it also had no sauce at all .
it wasn't gross , but it wasn't good either .
the bathroom was clean , so there 's that .
the satay was deep fried .
we will not eat here again .
worse yet , it was bland .
also , i would rather avoid the egg roll .
went off reviews , gave it a shot .
it was so bad we didn't even eat it .
i couldn't even finish the food though .
i mean lean cuisine worthy .
the egg rolls weren't that good .
overall , i'm not impressed with this place .
literally the worst pad thai ever .
i don't even know what to say about that .
have eaten here a few times .
all in all it was a mediocre dining experience .
plus their diamonds were better quality and better priced !
not a good look .
their manners are awful and no customer service whatsoever .
how low can one go beyond that ?
terrible customer service and we were treated poorly .
me : long layers , whatever that is .
i get what i pay for right ?
worst hair experience i have ever had .
don't waste your time at this place .
i went back and she was off .
i'm done wasting my time on this place .
she handed me a mirror to check it out .
i instantly knew it was really really bad .
i had a horrible experience here !
first of all though , they did my pedicure .
i couldn't take it any more !
by then i was out of town already !
i felt rushed though .
i couldn't believe it !
this place is horrible .
at first she said no they look fine .
i didn't get a chance to get her name .
i thought that was rude and unprofessional as well .
you have lost one more customer .
just not worth it .
tuesday night at 8pm and only one person working ?
the girl at the counter pushed and rushed me .
i felt very uncomfortable in there .
not good customer service at all .
but she didn't put extra in there .
now for the ugly .
this gym is completely worn down .
old equipment , most need repair .
smells terrible most of the time .
very unfriendly staff and trainers .
decent gym , bad policy .
supposed you want the chicken warm ?
it was my first time and i was disappointed .
a little too pricey for salad .
caused a # on the stomach !
but they should get rid of the premium toppings .
that does not seem right .
she even gave us coupons for a free visit .
it consisted of whole apples , grapes and oranges .
seriously , it's freakin cafeteria style food .
otherwise it's not only no but hell no .
limited choices of vegetables at salad bar at lunch .
the soup bar was messy .
seems like this location has gone way down hill .
there was no butter for potatoes or bread .
the pastas were crusty and dry looking .
just left hungry and disgusted .
i will not be back to this location .
not worth paying for .
make your own salad better and for less !
i mean , really loud and crowded .
the desserts were just eh .
the brownie bites were rock hard at the edges .
probably won't go back .
today it was awful !
it tasted like dirt .
after that i couldn't even eat anything else .
so in summary the food tastes old .
i can't recommend this location .
the food is okay nothing special .
for far less money .
the coupons at sweet tomatoes are worthless .
it was really crowded on a friday afternoon .
i am not that impressed with sweet tomato .
will not be back .
absolutely nothing gluten free .
we will not be visiting again .
not worth my money sorry .
the food coming out was slow .
crab cakes were mushy .
even shrimp in sushi is never that raw .
wow , these little things are really expensive .
i was a mess !
they're so many better seafood options in vegas .
in fact , the shrimp was bland too .
the pot meal came with corn on the cob .
she said that wouldn't be a problem .
the restaurant was practically empty .
when we got here , the place was empty .
i would not recommend anyone eating at this location .
the hush puppies were good .
the crab caesar salad sucked .
the crab cake was awful .
never again joe 's crab shack .
not cool when you are hungry .
the check was not our check .
the other booth had also received the wrong check .
which me and my sister appreciated .
in my opinion i wouldn't go here again.
i was forced to eat here one time .
not like it used to be !
no wonder the place was empty .
don't waste your time or money .
yeah -- this was a disappoint .
thumbs down for this visit .
i remember it being much better .
all around , this was an awful experience .
after that it goes downhill .
the food was mediocre .
overall , it was awful .
the only thing that saved this dish was rice .
still not going back though .
that was an experience i don't care to repeat .
there was no flavor in the hush puppies .
couldn't she bring mine at the same time ?
food : wow , was i disappointed .
the shrimp was very dry and overcooked .
i didn't even try it .
steamed clams and lobster were overlooked .
clam chowder and french fries were too salty .
worst customer service ever !
it's gone downhill , fast .
the quantity was disappointing .
had to feed my husband when we got home .
the food was the worst i've ever had .
i am very unhappy with my experience tonight .
my room was so dirty !
there shouldn't have been one in the first place .
there shouldn't have been one in the first place .
this location fails at that .
service was pretty crappy .
scoop it out from a huge pot ?
she just got mad so we left .
manager did not really care .
i won't be back .
it simply is not the place it once was .
the blue cheese was lacking .
the potato skins were pathetic .
makes me wonder why they don't .
it was just mushy and weird .
that 's not ok .
needless to say , wont be going back .
i just had the worst service here .
food was overdone and nothing to talk about .
service has been horrible !
never again will i return for dinner .
we walked out today .
you can only get one appetizer too .
the food is terrible .
when walking in , there was no wait .
server was not attentive .
the broccoli was barely cooked .
dessert came , was ate and still no box .
i ordered to go .
i mean like nothing that we have ever seen .
he thanked us and walked away .
food : chicken was really dry .
artichoke dip was dry .
everything else was bland .
luckily the other servers were a bit more helpful .
the food was not terrible , but not great .
wasn't a fan of this location at all .
terrible service this time !
if i could i would rate a zero .
she said garlic butter and started to walk away .
our table didn't have any silverware on it .
our ketchup bottle was empty .
the third plate was edible enough to pay for .
it's ridiculous that the management pulled that crap .
worst birthday dinner ever .
anyway , we get the check .
not bad food and great bartender .
manager is the problem of this place .
it was empty when we got there .
which i was not told , or made aware .
the broccoli was oily and bland .
nope all we got was napkins .
my husband could never get a second glass water .
you know that old , disgusting public restroom smell ?
i would 've walked out !
ordered steak and lobster it was the worst ever !
meal was not enjoyable at all .
i feel like a fool .
the same server that attempted to short my change .
they obviously don't want our business .
poor service and food .
will not be returning .
jasmine was extremely helpful at checkin .
they don't have silverware at this property , either .
won't be staying here again .
had n't planned on using our plumbing skills .
we are there finally !
i will not stay here again .
but this is ridiculous .
this place is ghetto .
the buffet is nasty .
this place is dirty and nasty .
the staff is not friendly and the gaming sucks .
jeff at the front desk was helpful and courteous .
she said ok ill let becky know .
so many bad things fall together is not likely .
of course the manager never returns my call .
she never said why she had to search .
anyway , that didn't feel good at all .
sams town casino 's theater does not do that !
first - very ghetto and sketchy location .
the casino tables are crap .
we will not be going back .
that part did not bug me .
i wouldn't come here alone at night .
the room was not cleaned well at all .
so i wont return anytime soon .
i travel to vegas regularly for work .
super rude and stupid service !
all station casinos pretend to be something they're not .
soda machine on our level was broken .
we went on a comp 'd meal .
the food came and it looked generic .
bland poor food , nobody finished .
by far the worst of the station casinos .
this place is nothing but dirty filthy ghetto .
the cashiers especially are rude and condescending .
avoid this place at all costs .
our room was slightly dirty - dusty .
shower bar was rusty and it needs replacement .
it was like laying on concrete .
lots of smoke and not the greatest floor layout .
the bar doesn't carry much variety .
i don't remember seeing a roulette wheel .
another smoke filled hotel .
why bother with reservations !
yeah , just not the room you want .
must not be much of a suite !
it's the smallest suite ever !
at least the extra bed was already brought up .
don't waste your time or money !
finally , the staff over there were totally unfriendly .
we got totally ripped off tonight .
( shane ) he never made the reservation .
shane 's boss wasn't much better .
smokey , stinky and crowded oh my !
don't think we will be back .
no , was the answer !
oh , and it was a handicap room .
extremely disappointed we have no refrigerator or microwave .
sorry but i will never come here again .
played slots , but we could not get drinks .
lots of smoking and slow moving people .
dead stale at night and dinner time .
why wouldn't they shut down the floor ?
next day same thing a/c was not cooling room .
what a waste of money and time .
they wouldn't even look at it .
because they deserved it today .
avoid this place at all costs .
avoid at all costs .
only stay here if you have to .
it smells like old people and cigarettes .
it was not long until i learned why .
the shower head was awful .
the room was clean and ready for me .
very unhappy with our stay .
prime rib taste like rubber at the coffee shop .
buffet is ok tho .
i went back down stairs and request another room .
i could not breathe in this room .
sadly , i do not recommend this company .
you are better off going to mexico !
my , was i dead wrong .
this place makes me sad .
the food was not that good .
i was actually disappointed .
now its complete garbage .
im sad that this place sucks now .
i wish i could fire this worthless company .
this company gives horrible service .
i've complained numerous times to no avail !
once again they didn't empty my bin .
not the normal place i'd go .
mystery meat dark purple and crunchy ?
if i could give a negative star i would .
so never again will i go to this place .
please , don't bring your car here .
didn't understand that my car needs synthetic oil .
now , they can't find it .
please go somewhere else don't waste your time .
all american movers are the biggest crooks .
i was totally exhausted and out of gas .
that was not very customer focused .
won't use their services .
not happy , but not a deal breaker .
this place has no organization .
this is absolutely ridiculous !
the service is so laughable .
there is no sense of organization in here .
this place is horrible !
this is the worst place .
don't even bother to book an appointment .
might as well just walk in .
made an appointment for 9am and it's 10am .
really got ta stop coming to this chain .
uh , get your eyes checked .
my guy added a stack of pancakes .
i'm a paying customer as well .
i do not recommend this place .
there was a random security guard around here too .
the room reeked of smoke , sheets were stained .
creepy , depressing place .
we paid all our money upfront , bad idea .
worst place in history .
hell no , that 's your job !
we left early , never to return !
this is the worst kmart in las vegas .
pretty disappointed with this place .
went there yesterday and horrible service .
customer service is so poorly i left there mad .
it's unacceptable on so many levels .
i will not be going back .
and you should think twice before you go there .
worst animal hospital experience ever .
i am not going to go back .
but my animals were already sick prior .
no testing of any kind that day .
i went to get my dogs last shots .
if i could give zero stars i would .
it doesn't make the company look good at all .
would not recommend to a friend .
worst customer service ever .
they don't even deserve to get a star .
very disappointed in customer service .
there were never delivered .
i tried to email , no reply .
mother 's day flowers disappointment .
i hated sonic food in general .
all bad : / wrong order .
wasted my money and had to throw the food .
this place just don't care !
never had a problem until today with the service .
taste like a sweet hearty grease ball !
or feeling lazy to get anything better .
it was so gross .
it was so gross .
it has so much garlic it's so nasty .
save your money it's not worth it .
my entree was incredibly bland .
my boyfriend 's food was bland as well .
the restaurant was virtually empty .
they are so busy , service is terrible .
the food now lacks authenticity .
tastes like they cook everything on the same pan .
rude service and mediocre food !
it was far short of a medium .
the parking is terrible like everyone says .
i would not order a pork dish there again .
the food was terrible .
i do not recomend this place .
carnitas are not carnitas .
he sent an obvious screw you because we complained .
it was mediocre food at best .
it's also too loud and small .
i really don't like these types of places .
worst mexican food ever .
i will not be coming back to this place !
not just the military members meal .
unless you consider del taco authentic .
if you do , i feel sorry for you .
chips and salsa soon followed .
save some money , go to the del taco .
i'm so disappointed overall .
the service is hit or miss .
this is a sketchy place .
this is the worst gas station ever .
anyway , they managed to pull it off .
extremely unsanitary and just dumb honestly .
this was the worst move i have ever experienced .
they smelled , were dirty and unprofessional .
they really need a security guard here at night .
of course it's not in there !
nothing , if you want your car !
then of course lied and denied all of it .
i really wish i could give them zero stars .
girls in the front desk were extremely rude .
also no customer service skills .
i called on wednesday to purchase a fuel pump .
i offered to go pick it up .
i wanted to like this place .
secondly , the the music sucked .
that 's why i took off another star .
we came in at sat at the bar .
my friend , she was drinking her drinks .
but i was putting tips in the g strings .
it was the crappy employees and the dj set .
it was not pretty .
all he has is talks and big fat stomach .
he dealt right past my money .
would never play bj here again .
service was also very poorly .
no sauce , no veggies , nothing .
so , i handed her my debit card .
she said ok , sorry .
the wontons weren't very flavorful .
the egg rolls were mushy and bland .
the bulgogi was just ok .
a bit high for low quality .
i'm so disappointed in this place .
had a poor experience here .
what a mess this place is .
anywhere else you can go would be cheaper .
not even a hello .
he talked to me like i was stupid .
does diet coke sound like regular root beer ?
however it pretty much went down hill from there .
not very clean , unfortunately .
the chef was very heavy on the salt !
you can never go wrong with pancakes though !
only one other table of customers besides us .
i don't understand because the place wasn't even busy .
food was good but the customer service was awful .
waiter didn't even apologize .
worst dennys i've been to the food was horrible .
everything was not done properly .
extremely awful experience with this company .
almost literally everything we own has been destroyed !
apparently , they couldn't even do that !
the worst job ever !
hell , i'd even take my parents here .
very small , run down looking .
steak coated in pepper .
returned that and hard as nail potato .
green beans are not seasoned , at all .
wait times are horrible .
how dare you guys try such a low move .
doubt i'll be ordering from here again .
customer service sucks every time man .
worst salsa i've ever had !
at this point i was just kinda like wtf ?
and she said i dunno .
i would of totally walked out .
but what is good food with bad service .
the food is average , i've had better .
and it was not busy at all today .
the food has no flavor in anything we got .
like everything is watered down .
and for the price so not worth it .
this is probably the last visit here from us .
it was the worse experience i've ever had .
what a total disappointment .
anything to give this flavorless food some flavor .
i was very dissapointed in this place .
the service was horrible .
this place is not authentic mariscos .
the fish tacos have no sauce or dressing .
not worth the hype .
food isn't that great .
food is not good at all !
we literally walked out after tasting the food .
waitress had no customer service skills !
this really upset me because min .
the food was only so-so .
the college itself is in a bad area .
leave early and communicate .
wish i could give this place no stars .
if u hate your job , quit .
staff is worse than public schools .
i mean seriously learn to expand .
every time you call they give you wrong information .
graduation rate is beyond low .
very glad i decided to not come here .
worst school ever and the staff is extremely rude !
a lot of products ate expired here .
customer service is terrible .
no store organization and stuff is a mess everywhere .
sign at the door said experience is not necessary .
it was completely ridiculous !
it is the two garage doors we ordered .
that said , it was all pretty cheap .
the no seasoning trend goes for everything !
this place is hella ghetto and nasty .
i also got in my order a fried roach !
too fried , too little , dry .
over fried and you can taste the old oil .
nothing special about the wings either .
they totally got my late night order wrong !
disappointed in hamburger hut !
i wished i could give them zero stars .
the staff in the gym were very rude .
didn't win a thing .
they don't even give any play anymore .
we received horrible service .
the elevators where very noisy and extremely slow .
they have no airport shuttle .
old and needs a facelift but not bad .
its a dirty locals place .
not really a tourist spot .
we are not pleased .
i will never walk into that dump again .
this place is disgusting !
any positive reviews are obvious plants by hotel staff .
i mean , these people look sad !
i had the chicken fried steak and eggs .
ok the buffet is terrible .
this place is pretty dead .
- not very many people come here apparently .
- horrible fitness center .
- hotel room like palace station .
- don't play blackjack here .
no wonder no one plays craps here .
the staff throughout is hit & miss .
most hate their jobs , especially the cocktail servers .
the buffet isn't anything to brag about either .
probably because it's in a terrible area .
wow worst customer service ever .
conclusion , worst hotel ever in vegas .
desk was unable to resolve issue .
everything else was crap .
this hotel is awful !
no full refund was ever given .
please dont waste your time or money going here !
the bed looked worn .
and no ac in halls .
just overall not a great experience at all .
everything looks old and depressing .
girl was rude , lazy , and ignorant .
my daughter probably will not .
do not give these people your credit card .
i still ended up with a really bad room .
the bathroom sink had hair in it .
the carpet looked old dingy and dirty .
the entire room reeked of cigarette smoke .
the bed was uncomfortable and has tiny pillows .
room stunk like sewage .
we had mixed service some great and some horrible .
the food at the cafe was terrible .
i am gluten free and actually walked away full .
all in all i felt safe staying here .
don't waste your time staying here .
what didn't smell like cigarettes smelled like industrial cleaner .
he said no again .
the hallways : hot as hell !
this room was much cleaner than the previous one .
even though there is no sign posted !
the staff at umc is awful .
this place is terrible !
i wish i could give no stars .
this place was unorganized and disgusting .
very terrible service from one of the employees .
so now my kids are sad .
i would avoid at all costs !
which are marked as completed but was never done !
but it's not his fault .
my first experience was not so fabulous !
my car wash was done sloppy .
the awful customer service will keep me away .
employees friendly , but do a terrible job cleaning .
interior not all that great .
they also lost my keys .
left me in tears .
so again do not bring your vehicle here .
inside not cleaned just rushed through .
now isn't that so nice !
this driver won't take it .
maybe we should just burn it all .
numerous times my bins have not been picked up !
not a great grooming department & customer service stinks .
the toys and bones were not for me !
why wasn't it checked before the 2nd delivery ?
if i could do a zero rating i would !
absolutely the worst made pizza i've ever had .
the worst service i've ever received !
manager wouldn't even give her real name !
this has to be the most incompetent location !
get me once shame on you .
get me twice shame on me .
that 's not going to happen ever !
avoid this arby 's at all cost !
if could i wouldn't give any stars !
one time they wouldn't take a coupon .
another time : drive through was insanely slow .
this place was horrible !
the man in charge was rude to his staff !
service was shitty and rushed and extremely overpriced !
i wouldn't even give him one star .
the wait time is inexcusable .
totally crazy and wrong .
even tho it was the employees mistake .
came in for a comprehensive exam .
so glad i switch doctors now .
terrible place to go .
machines are tight and they treat you like crap .
got home , the sandwich sucked !
wish i would went to subway !
i apparently did not order the right thing .
they gave me a tiny container of hot peppers .
just wondering how this meets clark county health laws ?
philly cheese is a joke .
bad service at the counter .
customer service was rude too me .
the worst meatball sub !
now it straight sucks .
they're so cheap with their meat it's ridiculous .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
the food was just so-so at best .
the service , too , was merely average .
won't be going back or recommending this place .
well it's mexican food nothing special .
had to try once won't go back .
ill probably go back just for the convenience .
i liked what i saw as i walked in .
i was not disappointed .
then the down fall .
not to mention cold , soggy and wet .
talk about some crappy customer service !
if i could give zero i would .
i think i'll avoid picking anything from here again .
only to find a used one in the box .
the badger 1/3 horse power .
come on home depot , don't become walmart .
btw home depot , lowes did it .
from now on my business goes to lowe 's .
so then , why the review ?
they really just don't care about you at all .
get your own cart from the parking lot .
steve has no business in a leadership role .
nope , still awful .
no sorry or a refund .
i won't be back .
do yourself a favor and avoid this location .
asked for honey , hot sauce and bbq sauce .
over charging is bad .
there was nothing appealing about this place , .
and he reluctantly gave back my money .
some don't flush , and are rarely cleaned .
he was also very rude about it .
oh and no fans !
not impressed with this location .
and should we talk about the bathrooms ?
i should have stayed where i was at .
i have tried repeatedly to cancel my membership .
it does not end when you're contract is up .
just help me instead of passing the buck .
i would also never recommend buying produce there .
their fruits and vegetables go bad super quick .
overall , this walmart could be better .
i can't believe how wal-mart treats its customers .
none of the " speedy " lanes were open .
i avoid this walmart at all costs .
it's also not in the best part of town .
this is the worst walmart ever !
things are not organized here either .
not worth the poor service and rough area .
won't come here again .
i just walked out .
customer service is awful .
fucking gross and not acceptable .
this isn't where i'd get fruits or meat from .
long lines and only a few check-out counters open .
the layout doesn't make too much sense .
it looks dirty and blah .
i walked in to purchase a digital camera .
walmart employees are in no hurry .
horrible dumb people when calling .
worst customer service i have ever seen .
customer service is so bad .
the worst walmart ever .
not to this one any more .
first off this is not wal-mart it's ghetto mart .
target , you've earned a loyal customer !
come here for cheap crap for your home .
this walmart lacks in customer service .
words can't explain how frustrated i am .
the lines to check out are ridiculous long .
the assistant manager did no justice to help anyone .
i've never been so disrespected in my life .
this walmart always seems to be out of everything .
if i could leave a negative rating i would !
this place is fucking horrible .
are you fucking kidding me ?
i wish i could give a negative review .
i can't stand this walmart .
unless you want to say it's super irritating .
and there is nothing express about the express lanes .
there 's no doubt that walmart has everything .
the employees have no idea where anything is .
doesnt even deserve one star .
in my opinion shop at some other wal-mart !
however was told julie doesn't do appointments .
um , excuse me ?
total waste of time , money and effort .
will never recommend nor come back .
not worth the wait !
there doesn't have to be blood to have pain !
tim did my nails and the polish was messy .
will not be returning .
i am so fed up .
doesn't even deserve the one star in all honesty .
they are very rude and unprofessional .
anyways , they refused to give me a refund .
going back there again , not recommended !
worst nail place ever !
clearly appointments don't mean nothing to them !
the food was ok .
the building is ran down and easy to miss .
just an old beat up hole in the wall .
chicken , pork , and shrimp fried rice .
the pad thai was not very good .
the chicken tasted kind of questionable .
the prices were pretty typical for takeout .
this is the worst place i've ever been !
i've been screwed too many times .
the service could have been a lot better .
i'm still disappointed in this server .
wow i couldn't believe it when he told me .
it was not to busy .
it was not to bad .
he said " ah i don't know " .
unless you want to get taken for a fool .
don't go to this location !
not a single one had been greeted or acknowledged .
used credit card online to pay for pizza .
worst service ever experienced !
i wish i could give them no stars !
i wish i could give this place negative stars .
placed an order over the phone .
will never come back to this place again !
the gentleman helping me said no .
that doesn't help me pay my bills !
worst customer service ever !
won't be coming back here .
this place is so ridiculous !
bad customer service and dirty store !
but they just lost a customer .
it's ridiculous but del is delicious so i'm stuck .
they're worthless and racist against white people stay away .
drive out of your way to avoid this store .
their customer service is the worst .
sorry but this location is horrible for that reason .
not helpful at all .
which is not fresh left over made yesterday .
they will not substitute it with fresh bread .
so do not spent any money here .
the veggies looked sad .
i'll stick with jersey mike 's from now on .
disappointed in the manners of the employees here .
very unhelpful and simply rude .
wish there were stars in the negative .
therefore , the mayo soaked both buns .
i'm considering taking my wet clothes and leaving .
washers , dryers & counters clean .
bathroom & floors nasty .
yeah the worst apartments to live at .
horrible staff and management .
the staff is rude .
do your self a favor and avoid this place !
horrible service and badly staffed .
not greeted by a living human being ?
eight teller windows , with only three functional .
i love chase , but this branch is terrible .
they are extremely slow .
won't be back to this location .
i don't know where else to turn .
are you kidding me ?
my waitress was kayla , i think .
complete waste of money .
will not be back .
i will not be coming back here .
this location just stinks !
he wasn't rude , but he wasn't friendly either .
ugh , who even eats medium well steak ?
even these were wrong .
the service was very slow .
the quesadilla was dripping grease .
fried mushrooms and cheese fries were great .
went to outback on craig rd with my wife .
took over twenty minutes to get our salads .
our bread was stale .
our waiter was a bit of a disaster .
don't waste your time and money .
food sucks big time .
never will i return to this place .
always a bad experience , only visited twice .
the breads are cold and no butter served .
he seemed a little careless .
n e v e r !
get your shit together , outback .
walked in for some drinks .
the worst service from start to finish .
doesn't care about patients , only making a profit .
you have to tell the clerk to wear gloves .
3rd trip here nothing happened which was good .
horrible pharmacy drive-thru service and customer service .
absolutely horrible customer service .
the cashier , looked absolutely disgusted doing her job .
i bought my crap and booked it out of there.
the pharmacy does not answer phone calls at times .
smh and it's not like it's only happened once .
the line for check out was absolutely ridiculous !
terrible terrible customer service .
worst pharmacy i have been to .
they actually frequently run out of medications .
so many fails it's unbelievable .
went there on a sunday afternoon .
staff was too busy chatting with each other .
no hot chocolate no hot mocha no anything .
the worst service i've ever seen !
drive thru is absolutely horrible .
always a long wait and employees are sooo ghetto .
the management here is always terrible .
you need to consider yourself very lucky .
this place is horrible .
everytime we go there there 's something wrong .
this also does not rate into my rating .
take forever the slowest fast food in history .
it wasn't the best sally 's i've been to .
go to another location and avoid this one !
however , this one isn't that great .
she had horrible customer service .
you don't talk like that to customers .
try another sally 's this one is ghetto .
i do not recommend this place .
i will not be returning .
worst nails i have ever seen in my life !
don't go to this place !
don't they realize they work for tips ?
worst nail experience ever !
i am definitely never going back .
walked in for a pedicure .
this was the worst pedicure i have ever had !
this branch is slow .
full staff but yet one teller ?
just don't make any sense .
nasty attitude and a rough cut .
it wasn't that busy when we walked in .
everything is not even !
i guess i didn't really paid attention to it .
why have this restaurant listed ?
if you like eating here you wont for long .
this is by far the worst customer service ever .
i will never return to the store .
this krispy kreme is so dirty .
i wish i could give them no stars .
the staff wasn't very friendly either .
he replied , we usually leave the light on .
oh yeah , did i mention poor service .
also the espresso machine was broken .
the food was dry and cold .
these ones sucked too !
this location at lunch time is run very poorly .
my food was left back in the kitchen .
he was unapologetic and fake .
usual service was good for the establishment .
the honey really overpowered the dish .
the steak was cooked how i ordered .
this location is always inconsistent .
it taste overly processed and standard .
seems everytime we come here experience varies tremendously .
mushroom on the plate was mushy with a concoction .
very disappointing probably won't be back again .
another fail in my book .
i have never been treated so badly .
very disappointed with our visit here yesterday afternoon .
my husband 's order was never put in .
by this time our group was almost done eating .
no tip for you .
ribs was dry and tough .
no apology from the lousy server .
she didn't offer any refills .
no match for the nearby panda express .
the hostess was the worst .
not very inviting in fact she was rude .
a complete and total mess !
service is horrible today .
sounds delicious doesn't it ?
the worst service on earth .
i would have ordered chicken or fish instead .
really are you kidding me !
unfortunately , is never a good experience !
every single time there 's a food item missing !
thats how bad the taste was !
bottom line , avoid this location at all costs .
ok maybe they forgot to flip it , nope .
they are n't doing breakfast right now .
your prices are ridiculous !
the doctor i saw was rude and nasty .
ok no big deal .
ok that 's it i'm livid .
save yourself the trouble i've experienced .
don't go to this place without asking for her .
i'm thinking like ok what does that mean .
i told her my hundred dollar bill was missing .
i told her my hundred dollar bill was missing .
well i went back and talked to a manager .
of course i won't go back .
this is a management problem .
this is poor customer service .
i never recieved a phone call .
they offered no way to fix this .
he simply told me it was my own fault .
the manager is rude and worthless .
i will not be giving them a third chance .
terrible customer service as well as terrible pizza quality !
the pizza i got here was horrible .
it was greasy , soggy and gross .
we will not try again.
do not try to order for delivery .
well , your driver just cost you a customer .
no more " beer money " for you !
horrible customer service and i'm still paying for this .
bad service wouldn't recommend delivery for anyone .
needless to say , i kept walking .
recently though i got sick from a cheesesteak sandwich .
informed him that is not what we were told .
it's just not o.k .
their sandwiches just miss .
the atmosphere sucks and the service is awful .
don't go to this one .
the service was terrible !
condition of the course was poor .
none in the sand boxes either .
another bust as far as golf goes in henderson .
once inside , things only went downhill .
no tie at all .
the entire evening was a terrible experience .
it was an uncomfortable , unpleasant experience .
honestly , not worth the money i paid .
i am so torn about this review .
i had a horrible experience here .
i wouldn't recommend getting a design done though .
i have no idea why it took so long .
the new ownership at this establishment is no good .
my nails are a hot mess .
i'm not going back ever again .
this is the worst place ever .
staff is apathetic and very unhelpful .
total ripoff , do not do business with them .
i agree that dr .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
this place was the complete opposite .
she was very helpful and addressed all my concerns .
i've switched doctors after this last visit .
still don't have my daughter 's records .
i couldn't believe it .
it's really the only edible thing there .
food was we expected but service was horrible .
so it's been sitting there for awhile .
this is nothing against the guards themselves .
guards are very sarcastic , poor service .
the service was adequate , but spotty .
they're not even the best restaurant on their block .
the waiter couldn't have cared less when we complained .
service was friendly but slow .
the thing that upset me was the bill .
too bad for them .
i will not be returning to this establishment .
i live in henderson nv where this restaurant is .
this was more like a linguini with mixed seafood .
maybe she should hire better waiters .
for an upscale italian restaurant we expected much more .
just plain sneaky and dishonest , in my opinion .
it tries hard to be something its not .
first thing , service was slow .
i wouldn't go back , especially paying full price .
maybe just a mistake .
service started out good but ended terrible .
food is horrible service very poor .
but the hostess is simply awful .
the food was just ok , nothing special .
warning : do not use groupon here .
portions are extremely small and grossly over priced .
it was a huge disappointment .
caesar salad tasted like bagged salad .
pasta was over cooked and tastes like boxed pasta .
she is very rude .
way better options in henderson !
the fettuccine alfredo with chicken was so disappointing .
i suggest you go elsewhere for italian .
he did not even say he was sorry .
the food was ok , nothing special .
then we waited forever to get our check .
the waiter never offered us drinks .
their prices are outrageous for the portions , too .
zero craftsmanship or artisan pride .
place was empty on a friday night !
i could tell our server had a cold .
like she was pissed that we had a groupon .
not to mention he only checked on us once .
our waiter was nice but had no urgency whatsoever .
he didn't seem to care at all .
it was very unprofessional for such nice restaurant .
but we won't be back .
never been so disrespected in my life .
our waiter could careless that we even existed .
only thing i liked were the meatballs .
their aisles and merchandise are unorganized and sloppy .
i don't know how they stay in business .
but only thing bad was her manager !
made me and my wife feel very unwelcome .
the chairs were just ridiculous .
overall , not my favorite theater in vegas .
i probably won't go back .
disappointed with an unorganized theatre .
the screen is mediocre .
far more expensive then south point with bad service .
the theater wasn't packed .
absolutely the worst theater i have ever been to .
the theaters are old .
the sound in the theater was awful as well .
every person i encountered was so unpleasant and unhelpful .
not just women 's bags .
avoid this theater at all costs .
she was so rude and of no assistance .
pointing down to my girlfriend 's foot .
drinks and trash were still on some seats .
no chicken , or fajita veggies or chips !
why do i even bother anymore .
but while i love chipotle , this location sucks .
no more lettuce for my salad ?
what a bad customer experience .
this location is horrible .
this location however disappoints me .
they are slow and rushed to make every order .
the las vegas boulevard location is way better .
taco bell would be more mexican than this .
i'm embarrassed of this place .
parking , no time for this place .
this place has gone downhill big time !
i don't know why i come .
so much potential yet falls short every time .
don't think i'm going back .
but out of food last two times .
the girl behind greeted us politely and walked away .
she left another worker confused .
i tried the one on eastern .
not kidding about that .
black beans were hard , so was the tortilla .
seriously no wonder why the chain is going down .
the worst experience ever .
and i got chicken in my bowl .
then a girl continued my bowl .
she just asked what sauce i want .
why bother open a store !
never received such bad service at chipotle before .
my case was put before a supervisor named donna .
this branch gets very little foot or vehicle traffic .
they are a dime a dozen in henderson .
i'm a customer , plain and simple .
doctors offices are no different .
i handed back my paperwork and left .
which is why i was diagnosed with heart disease .
i have never been so disrespected in my life .
he had no interest in helping me that day .
i wish i could give zero stars .
she doesn't know what she's doing she's incompetent .
they are lazy and incompetent .
the wait time is really quick .
but so is your visit .
i am very disappointed .
worst studio in vegas for sure .
um , a bit ridiculous don't you think ?
i just don't get it .
the food is terrible and way overpriced .
so you'll never have lunch there on a weekend .
prob will not visit here again .
no reason to ever go back .
hard to believe the ratings .
the there was the bland taste .
no sauce to speak of and overly cheesy .
otherwise visitors should go elsewhere .
we should have left at that point .
guess ranch is expensive as well ?
no wonder they had so few customers .
the food we ordered was extremely salty !
the soup , however , was very tasty .
the meals , in general , were very bland .
meh , meh , meh .
i don't think i wan na come back again .
poor server was really nice .
paid way to much for chicken with no pasta .
my pizza was hard , almost burnt and tasteless .
hung up this time and called another nearby eatery .
sad to say this place has gone to crap .
the sausage and mushroom rigatoni was subpar .
the champagne chicken was terrible .
neither of the dishes were hot either .
it wasn't even that busy !
ordered s medium pizza with sausage mushroom and anchovies .
the food has gone downhill as well .
will not be back .
she ordered the lasagna and was quite disappointed .
very little cheese as well .
anyway i doubt that i will be back .
no thanks , ice cream doesn't make everything better .
won't ever be back and you've been warned !
so completely different nothing tasted the same .
the old owners family biz are long gone .
seems like a bad business practice .
the eggplant was overcooked and had an unappealing texture .
this is a terrible restaurant .
the plates didn't look clean either .
don't bother to go here .
we then had salad and bread which were good .
do not come here for lunch .
we also did not get any bread as promised .
i don't get the ratings .
not homemade , not flavorful .
store bought gnocchi with a bland sauce .
got boring real quick .
so , back to my original statement .
tried this place for lunch for the first time .
i guess i'm used to giant portions , lol .
i didn't even finish it .
it's ok , i understand things run out .
the food just won't blow you away .
it was super watery and had no flavor .
the full portion actually looked like a lunch portion .
low quality taste in food
so many more negative thoughts on this place .
this is when i got really mad .
drink refills very hard to come by .
are you kidding me ?
totally ruined and a waste of time & money .
all of it not good !
we started off with the bottomless chips and salsa .
this was the only good thing about the experience .
she had no clue about it at all .
alas , i was wrong .
i tasted none of the mayo at all .
even the fries tasted bad .
she said no problem .
chili 's you disappointed me .
i feel i totally wasted my money and time !
this is horrible service .
it was beyond horrible service .
he was clearly annoyed with his day and job .
the wait staff works as " teams " .
what a dumb idea .
the baby back ribs are totally tasteless .
we didn't see him much .
no offer of to go boxes or anything .
it said nowhere on the coupon dine in only .
i don't blame chilis though ; it's cheap .
wait staff was awesome .
i won't return for a while .
servers walked past us , and ignored us .
the bartender also ignored us .
we are handed menus , and wait .
was not pleased at all .
the burger was nothing special .
service was ridiculously slow .
apologetic for the long wait .
the service left a lot to be desired .
the food is always great .
my waiter seemed out of it as well .
the service was atrocious !
when our waiter came over we ordered two beers .
i will not be returning .
no napkins and no utensils to eat the food .
absolutely horrible experience tonight .
i did however still leave the waitress a tip .
the food is always great .
my waiter seemed out of it as well .
no offer discount , no comp , no manager .
i'm not coming back .
place was dead for a wednesday .
no refill on drink until after dessert .
it was below any average standard .
i was also disappointed with my hotdog order .
i ordered a foot long hot dog .
yikes , the memories of dq .
i have n't a clue .
i said no whip and guess what , whip .
no air , no fans , hot and stuffy ?
guess what , they can not find the key .
they offered chips so guessing it's been busted awhile .
still the same old gross fryer smell !
super busy and staff always seem overwhelmed .
anyways this place was just below average for me.
sticky cups , wrong change , training day ?
after making my pumpkin blizzard .
needless to say we walked out !
does this place have management ?
this is a pretty annoying dq location .
there 's no drive-thru .
it's a bit rundown and not particularly clean looking .
my strawberry shake is very on point though .
i see why it's b rated .
so disappointed and i'm pregnant !
boy was this a poor decision .
she was unhappy and i told her to complain .
she insisted not to .
it was just a bad experience .
ordered : midnight truffle blizzard cake with white writing .
food is okay but the store itself is rundown .
where has customer service gone ?
i sat down to wait .
never asked if i needed anything .
this has been a nightmare company to work with .
next , stop vegas better business bureau !
i will not go back .
the massage wasn't that good .
never going back again !
all she could tell me was i was next .
needless to say no one was available .
sorry this a long rating but seriously ?
i would not recommend him to anyone .
save your money for a doctor who actually cares .
i was exceptionally disappointed with this doctor .
we will not go back !
it went into the garbage .
not very professional if you ask me .
what a waste of time !
like none at all .
generous portion , but that was the only plus .
limp , doughy crust .
neither is pizza hut , really .
ordered delivery pizza was disgusting .
hot wings were disgusting .
shouldn't have even delivered that desert .
not the dough , not the cheese , nothing .
it was my first experience with chicago style pizza .
we never see the same server twice , ever .
the drink refill service was poor at best .
the pizza was okay , but nothing special .
even after asking , they wouldn't take it off .
maybe we've never had a chicago style pizza before !
the toppings were very sparse .
we do not recommend this place for pizza .
the crust was terrible and the sauce was bland .
this is how restaurants lose customers .
she made it very obvious !
take your money elsewhere !
so far we're having an awful experience .
it was sooo loud !
naked tenders are super small and overpriced .
just walked out of this place .
wait staff flat out refused to serve me .
then they all left and ignored the customers .
i had the worst experience .
i was on lunch so i could not wait .
she gave me a credit for the next visit .
the service is just terrible .
every time , it's been full of disinterested servers .
this place sucks for takeout .
their is no customer service here .
thank god for finger foods .
we will never be dining at this restaurant again .
worst service i've ever received .
don't waste your time here .
not a fan of this location .
the food was subpar each time i've been .
staff was friendly unless you sit at the bar .
after thinking about it i don't blame the bartender .
yeah not so well .
you messed up , not a big deal .
you talk crap after ?
this place is a nightmare .
you are serving chicken wings , not gold nuggets .
will not be finding out .
not worth the expense .
are you kidding me ?
i threw them away .
anyways i do not recommend coming to this bww .
the beer was cold .
but alas , it never is .
the wings are just flat out disgusting to me .
all in all , skip it .
this location is just horrid .
the 2nd bartender was very rude .
i probably won't return .
my experience this time was extremely frustrating .
service at the bar was soo slow .
then waiting for the check was even worse .
will never come back to this neighborhood bww again .
the appetizers were cold .
avoid this trap at all costs .
the staff does not care about you !
staff were rude about the situation too .
he doesn't even come to apologize .
waiter barely waited on us .
all i ate were fries and a beer .
no reason we should have been there that long .
must have been a bad night .
it was so terrible .
do not give them your time .
the bar service in this restaurant is horrific !
i won't go back for more torture .
will not recommend to anyone .
then it was all downhill from there .
the worst service i have had in a long time.
but not on this tuesday evening .
i will most likely never eat there again .
do not eat here unless you want food poisoning .
there 's no more to say about this place .
i had a bad experience here last week .
the place was a little busy .
they checked and it wasn't .
they just not good .
went here today , not very pleased .
they place was kinda messy .
but the orange chicken wasn't amazing like panda .
remember , they weren't even dead .
isn't this a coffee & tea shop ?
he didn't look happy .
the worse customer service ever .
same store , same prescription .
but your experience might be different .
never go to this smiths during the late shift .
i guess wisdom doesn't always come with age .
it doesn't mean we deserve any less customer service .
unfortunately it's the closest to the house .
my prescription is sitting on the shelf .
am trying to avoid this store whenever possible .
this is just not good enough .
i doubt i will go back .
so that makes no one feel better .
i have an extremely simple haircut .
i will definitely not be going back !
why the heck had i been waiting ?
such has not been my experience .
lady that cut my hair barely spoke english .
she didn't even realize what she did .
i just like simple all fruit smoothies .
this guy needs to be fired big time .
but this location lacks everything .
we could tell he was disappointed as well .
this is the worst one .
no refund was offered , no apology , nothing .
i won't return to this location .
this tropical is the worst of all .
it was very watery and had very little flavor .
employees were very rude .
having loud conversations about being hungover .
not great for a tropical smoothie .
did i catch someone on a bad day ?
i normally like tropical smoothie .
sorry , but that 's unacceptable .
this is a terrible tropical smoothie location .
terrible late night service .
place has really gone downhill .
i am never coming to this tropical smoothie again .
you guys just lost a customer .
you guys don't even deserve a star .
employee looked very stressed .
he shouldn't take it out on customers though .
one couldn't get the smoothies straight .
no sense of urgency what so ever .
smoothie making is not that difficult !
overall the experience was lack luster .
this one isn't worth your time .
don't they check for quality control anymore .
i won't bring my dog there again .
however , the receptionist is flat out rude .
now , i'm looking for a new vet .
she's not safe to care for dogs and cats .
apparently it had died unexpectedly on the operating table .
very long lives for large breed dogs .
wish i could post the pics .
these people couldn't be anymore rude .
please don't take your pet to this place .
just ate here tonight .
this place sucked big time .
everything was so soggy !
will not go back .
but that was not the case .
clearly more money doesn't always equal better quality .
way too expensive for what you receive .
quality of fish is near rock bottom .
honestly , i expected more from this establishment .
not the yum yum i was hoping for .
nothing excited me here .
the soup just tastes like soy sauce .
tonight was a different story .
no offers of any kind followed !
then everything after that was not good .
i just find it generic .
the menu is out of control .
no plans of every returning to this disappointing establishment .
i lost my appetite .
i can't believe the cleaning staff didn't noticed it .
not many people in the restaurant .
this is not professional at all .
the worst service witnessed in years at any restaurant .
wasn't offered any other explanation or comp item .
customer service was terrible !
i will not be back because of this experience .
what a waste of my time !
he doesn't deserve it .
i will not go back again !
i will not be going back .
no attention to detail .
i went there tonight to celebrate my birthday .
the service was awful .
i mean , what sushi establishment does that ?
fish is not fresh .
tastes like freezer burn .
bad move on my part .
the bread was dry as hell , like cardboard .
its been a long time since i ate jacks .
hats off to you my dear .
twice the bun was stale !
sorry , but i hate the service .
it is annoying and intimidating .
not my favorite place .
not the best ayce sushi place in vegas .
tasted like it was the frozen kind .
will not be going back .
smith 's on valle verde makes better rolls !
bottom line : avoid this place .
avoid this place at all costs !
but , husband forced it down .
why skimp on the avocado for a veg .
bad : service was awful .
- beef teriyaki was tough .
oh man , fail .
- dynamite was good .
- service was a bit slow .
long story short - i will never go back .
and now , they are so rude .
it's not as fresh .
i would never go back to this place .
the seaweed salad was straight out of a package .
customer service and environment were awful .
shame , because the food was pretty good .
the menu is minimal for nigiri and rolls .
the rice was mush without flavor .
sadly they were closed for renovations .
i find that to be poor customer service .
wasted an hour driving there and back .
i am reviewing on my visit this morning .
this was my stop before dmv .
it was hard even giving this place one star .
so i walked out .
no one at the bank ever notified me .
then i walked out .
pharmacy department could improve on getting things filled correctly .
slowest pharmacy i've ever been to .
that was my first clue .
wooden window blinds are completely covered in dust .
it was like an episode of kitchen nightmares .
i won't be back .
this place is very overrated .
the hamburgers and sides are way overpriced .
the guy cooking did not even acknowledge me .
so i just left .
there are way better hamburger places than this dump !
very lousy hamburgers and service was awful .
the burger was disgusting !
the meat was overcooked and tasteless .
they didn't even get my order correct .
my fatburger days are officially over .
this location gives the entire chain a bad name .
i guess i was wrong .
first , the wait is atrocious .
that would be a stretch to say that .
my only real complaint is the inflated prices .
the guac was pretty tasteless as well .
the only thing i liked was the bacon .
what a let down this place is !
the taste of the burger was too salty .
i was really disappointed with it .
the skinny fries were good .
as far as fatburger , thumbs down .
three minutes later someone walked out with our order .
i would not eat at this location again !
decent burger but not worth the money !
i will never return to this place .
this place is tremendously bad .
the pork was awful .
the beef was undercooked and tasteless .
the rice was terrible .
bland as heck and too thick .
avoid this place at all costs .
i don't get the positive reviews .
the cashier could not communicate well .
staff doesn't seem to leave behind the counter .
same for the chicken burritos , not much flavor .
i refuse to return .
easily the worst breakfast burrito i've ever had .
, and the language barrier can be rather annoying .
this guy just says no .
so i said whatever .
this rude guy tried charging me another dollar .
there is nothing i can do about it . "
the produce made me very sad .
i completely hate this place .
i feel like i was robbed .
i hate grocery shopping .
the fruit was not that good .
but i guess you get what you pay for .
but the best was no chicken breasts .
i did not receive a certificate of authenticity .
i wouldn't advise doing business here .
i said no thanks .
nothing done to speed things up .
ok , i need the contacts so i wait .
nope , no call , nothing .
everything after that was horrible !
very bad is being kind .
the worst service you can imagine .
do not waste time and money here .
i don't understand why they have such a turnover .
it's not worth the money to be there .
they made living there very difficult !
they nickel and dime you to death .
worse apartment management ever !
the worst moving experience !
in addition , our place wasn't finished .
they've treated these issues with little to no concern .
why are we having so many problems ?
this is absurd to have to deal with .
not to say it's ridiculously overpriced as it is .
my normal stylist was out for this week .
oh sh*t , big big big big mistake .
my god , this is incredibly gross and unsanitary .
finally , she failed to properly cut my hair .
four hours later i called him back .
chris was unable to come to the phone .
they fail to follow up .
my lawyer has already paid the bill .
i'm not going to double pay you .
i was given paperwork to complete .
no concern for customer care or time .
im not sure how to respond to your question .
i did not get it done .
front desk staff is extremely rude .
this is no way to run a business .
a most miserable experience .
she is soooooo rude and cold .
she is not one of them .
okay , but shouldn't your confirmation email state that ?
i guess they are still too busy to care .
pretty good pizza but very bad customer service .
rude person answering the phone .
i'm not going back there , ever !
that 's a little ridiculous .
in vegas much nicer courses for less cost .
kelly the snack cart attendant was awesome .
really ruined the day .
greasy , bland , and doughy .
it was extremely greasy and it had no flavor .
the pizza is undercooked and breadsticks always lack flavor .
i was sadly mistaken .
the texture of the crust was comparable to cardboard .
it made me sick , again !
just completely drenched in oil , it was gross .
this place is completely ridiculous .
no apologies , poorly managed !
place was dirty and people were waiting around .
shouldn't you have pizza ready .
i could not believe the service i received there .
the office staff was completely unprofessional .
it is a disgrace .
i can not believe it .
stay away from this location .
avoid this place like the plague !
avoid at all cost !
the cabinets are peeling and falling apart .
worst apartments ever trust me !
wish i could put a half star .
don't rent from here under any circumstances .
better yet , just stay away .
you do not want to live here .
i would strongly recommend renting elsewhere !
when she arrived she arrived she was very rude .
terrible bedside manner this person had !
i left and will never go back .
that 's not what i scheduled her for .
are you kidding me ?
overall , beware of unnecessary testing .
their front desk people are very rude .
they have poor record keeping .
was not impressed with this place .
that wasn't even one of the options .
she proceeded to rush me for my name .
in the room vet asked what i needed .
i went out to check out and waited .
she looked at my checkout told me total .
i would highly doubt that they did .
she did not apologize one time .
their customer service is lacking and rude .
she said i still had to see a doctor .
my christmas holiday was ruined .
they don't care about you or your pet .
pretty sad pizza place .
won't go there again .
lousy service and poor customer service .
a little over priced if you ask me .
do not give this place your business !
no thanks to baskin robbins .
worst manicure i've ever had .
customer service went completely downhill !
they have lost a customer !
in sum : customer service is really bad !
it is a shame .
not even worth one star !
i figured , what have i got to lose ?
i could not believe how rude this woman was !
do not get your nails done here !
ended up sitting while other people were taken .
interior is dingy and not up to date .
so i had to stop it .
i came in with my cousin .
holy s -- - , was i wrong .
we walked in and they exchanged looks .
didn't even get a greeting .
but this location is in serious need of organization .
i was sick an hour later .
everything is overcooked , greasy and not fresh .
the current manager has a nasty attitude when serving .
disgusting , take that outback cowboy .
a total rip off .
there were no customers in the store .
i just don't see it .
the herbs were limited and a bit dry .
the fruit had obviously been sitting there a while .
i don't know what that was .
cheaper than whole foods , but not by much .
this store needs a major makeover .
isn't that what closing is for ?
the service here was not bad , just non-existent .
too bad starbucks , you're better than this .
admittedly , this is on the nicer end too .
the outdoor area is dirty and outdated .
the staff is not super friendly .
wish zero stars was an option on yelp .
it's usually rather slow .
but that 's not a huge issue .
no hello not a word actually .
this would make me not return .
i could not believe how unprofessional these employees were .
the bleu cheese dressing is good .
not too much else stands out .
get new waitresses already .
still not good enough .
i wouldn't even take my socks here !
these people are horrible !
no money back , nothing .
are you kidding me ?
i'm afraid i'll never get my purse back .
it was just my personal experience .
the nurses do not come and check on patients .
i'm very disappointed in this place .
both visits were a waste of my time .
he was unable to help me at all .
really , workers comp gives one little choice .
don't think i'll be back .
it was bland & flavorless .
it was bad , so bad .
don't waste your time and money .
um , i wasn't looking for anything for free .
that ruined my whole experience .
she said i'll send the waitress and took off .
no refill of our drinks .
still no attention from the bartender .
we will not be back !
most of the guests were older as well .
you can't have both , its just weird .
still kind of looks bad .
the salads were nothing special .
bland and swimming in dressing .
they were sooooo soggy and tasteless .
i ordered a pasta in creamy tomato sauce .
and the spinach was disgusting !
i usually order dessert but i just couldn't .
overall the service was not that great .
overall , i was disappointed .
overall poor dining experience and we would not return .
i assumed it must have been an error .
so they would be sending me to collections .
goat cheese crusted in nuts .
but seriously the food did not cut it .
not lukewarm , but cold .
don't waste your money .
ok italian , but way too expensive !
the experience was really bad .
another chain bites the dust .
he could not taste the cheese .
now , it looks like i won't be back .
very , very disappointed .
they raised prices & reduced sizes !
needless to say it was pitiful .
anyways can you tell i was pretty disappointed .
there was a clothing plastic tag in my salad .
very uncomfortable dining experience .
just not worth a return visit .
the rest of the food wasn't much better .
the bartender there greeted us as we walked in .
all carrabba 's can not be this bad .
my problem is with the service .
( i was not ) .
the server rushed us .
all in all pretty unacceptable .
walked in we were the only ones there .
everyone was seated , except us .
the noodles were noticeably drowned in alfredo sauce .
as a result , i couldn't eat it .
good was overall pretty ok , service was terrible .
it was just ok .
the beer was cold and the decor was nice .
the stuffed halibut was way overcooked !
it tasted so bad !
only patrons are drinking at the bar !
we had two drinks that were unusual .
no kitchen should send something like that out .
worse service ever and not the friendliest place .
the food sucks and its kind of expensive .
the food is all bland .
my wife ordered a caesar salad with chicken .
the chicken was just warmed up but still cold .
the food was horrible .
the service here is horrible .
you wan na know how long we waited ?
this was my 2nd time here .
both times the staff weren't very friendly or welcoming .
i hate posting negative reviews .
i'd totally understand if the restaurant was packed .
but it is wasn't .
the kitchen staff clearly didn't want to be there .
my husband 's food was ice cold !
my son 's shrimp were bad .
they tasted fishy & gross .
food quality is marginal / average .
no employees in sight .
he was very condescending .
it is too bad !
the worst dinner ever !
also my food showed up and was wrong .
needless to say we won't be going back ever .
a little pricey for what was served .
but to me they way overcharge for the rice .
this examination does not have to be read !
" and the food is just ok.
the service has been terrible .
help , we need a new sushi home !
fishy equals not fresh !
it isn't the freshest i've ever had .
the service was soooo bad .
i have never experienced anything like it .
so really need better planning .
two times , too many !
this food is terrible .
don't be fooled find the real thing .
we were almost completely ignored otherwise .
subpar would be an exaggeration .
the service was very fake not genuine at all .
i don't get this place .
the staff was very rushing it was overcrowded .
the food was not very good either .
very disappointed with this place .
the rolls tasted like mayonnaise .
no rice , no fish , no nothing .
the sushi rolls just very average .
it's busy , i get it .
ordered sushi for lunch take out .
did not care for it .
i was not impressed with the staff .
they seemed very busy and annoyed to be bothered .
unfortunately , it was downhill from there .
the other rolls were rather bland and forgettable .
the sushi was ok , but not great .
we were very disappointed .
luckily i only ordered sashimi !
the rice just falls apart .
the food was great but customer service really sucked .
no one really assisted us .
it's like a father yelling at his children .
not my cup of tea !
it was too hot for him .
my rainbow roll tasted fishy .
it was so bad i didn't finish it .
i got tired of waiting .
boy was i wrong .
the reviews for this place have to be fake .
instead of trying to blame it on me .
worst experience with spray tanning of my life !
however , i will no longer be going .
terrible customer service quality .
this location is extremely slow .
terrible customer service most of the time .
i would not recommend going to this location .
and the worst part was the strawberry lemonade !
it was gross , and extremely watered down .
maybe the staff is too young ?
something needs to be done to fix the problems .
not a good sign !
none of that changed the food .
the diet pepsi that they served was awful .
first they brought our bill which were not discounted .
really , really bad experience .
service is kinda slow .
way too much salad dressing .
are you kidding me ?
this is a gross place to eat and unhealthy .
i'm glad applebees got rid of her .
this location of applebee 's was disappointing .
it was full of chicken , bacon and cheese .
it really wasn't great .
the french fries they served with it were horrible .
needless to say i didn't eat anymore .
service here really lacked .
there wasn't any sense of courtesy or personality .
sorry applebees you shouldn't brag about about bad .
overheard gentleman next to us send back his food .
made me really uncomfortable .
we sit down and are greeted by the server .
i put my card in it and wait .
i might as well have been invisible .
but service is terrible !
honestly , they seem really under staffed .
horrible service time and time again .
this was the worst service i have ever experienced .
the hostess gladly sat our starving party .
but the service just sucked .
wings come , no sauce .
missed it at every opportunity .
food was okay , nothing to write home about .
won't be going back anytime soon .
service was okay but the food was terrible .
no one came after we walked in .
that was a warning already .
our experience was horrible tonight .
the food overall was very bad .
my fianc 's potatoes were overcooked and really dry .
this was last week sometime .
i looked in bag but nothing burning .
the drive home still smelled the burnt plastic .
so these went in the garbage .
no more applebees for me .
this was is a terrible first impression !
this place needs customer service lessons !
very disappointed in the salad i ordered .
i got the fiesta chopped chicken salad .
all the employees are irritating & overly fake happy .
i was prescribed this by my doctor .
i'm afraid for anyone comes to this pharmacy .
her response was that 's not my problem .
this place is awful .
that just makes it worse .
we will not be coming back .
waiting an hour each time is too much .
over the last year the service has become terrible .
the wait time was too much !
needless to say they were not !
had the worse phone order experience .
i will never use this pizza hut again .
he deserves to be fired .
no smell nothing and that parmesan ?
but this is ridiculous .
i would appreciate my money back !
the one star should be negative .
love this place normally just not this particular location .
enough for me not to come back .
one of the worst place ever !
he seemed rushed and disinterested .
another store did check , as requested .
hot and ready " never !
not " ready " .
and most importantly the people were rude !
absolutely the worst little cesar 's pizza location ever .
these pizzas are supposed to be hot and ready .
hello these are all the same pizzas !
staff and management are the worst .
look elsewhere , there are better companies .
no one comes out .
don't waste my time .
i find it strange that people like this place .
the food is not good at all .
i can make better hot dogs at home .
" why is it so expensive ? "
for me that still wasn't good enough .
they don't tell you the price immediately .
the worst thing is the waiting room .
i won't be back .
he's annoyed and says it looks just fine .
just saying rip off !
very disappointed with the service , here .
like someone forced it to stay closed .
i can't believe they up charged me without approval .
finally , she kicked him in the head .
this place is garbage !
do not go , the service is horrible .
she was rude to me and my mother .
the office staff here need training in customer service .
they are rude and unprofessional .
will never spend another cent at this dump .
i went there for severe back pain .
i was not given the chance to finish .
obviously , we will not be back .
front desk staff seriously needs to be fired .
the front desk staff is incompetent .
worst doctor ive ever seen !
i will not be back .
sashimi salad was a little on the spicy side .
are you kidding me ?
and the fish is thinly sliced .
felt like being rushed out .
i know that is not allowed .
well as soon as i sat down .
i was like wow so insulting !
to me its rude , ugh .
the service here was terrible .
i felt uncomfortable the entire time .
it was really weird there .
i would not go back .
i can automatically smell the tuna .
who ever is reading this , dont come here .
what the hell is that .
this place is garbage !
i guess serving your patrons rotten food is funny .
to the trash it goes !
don't take your clothes here if you don't smoke !
wish they didn't smoke inside the store .
why they can't go outside to smoke ?
guess they figure they will just cater to smokers .
there really are people in vegas who don't smoke .
talk about bad customer service !
unfortunately , this is not a favorable review .
sorry , no other way to describe .
no luck on that either .
the sweater still smells horrible .
i don't wear it any longer .
did someone wear it from the cleaners ?
are their machines old and worn out ?
it's a guilty , greasy , unhealthy pleasure .
garbage cans were full .
( sorry if i may be mistaken . )
but i was wrong .
mayo , american cheese , crappy buns .
you shouldn't even have one star .
new grilled chicken sandwich : extremely dry and tasteless .
the food was bad .
everything i've tried here was gross .
gave it to my mom and she hated it .
anne said there are no pain meds included .
the doctor wasn't friendly or sympathetic .
i didn't even care at that point .
i will not be returning .
then , i noticed my oil was leaking .
exactly what had caused the initial flat .
this place is terrible .
used to be good but service is garbage .
they wouldn't honor warranty on tires .
said had too many miles .
loyal customer no more !
needless to say , i won't be back .
another loyal customer lost !
just another way of making money off the consumer .
horrible surgeon and horrible way of treating people .
that is unfortunate because i love the chicken salad .
i wish i could rate in negative numbers .
this doctor is a waste of space .
was it to get money from my insurance company ?
he is rude and condescending .
do not see this doctor !
he just about lost his mind .
the numbers weren't that bad .
avoid this guy if you can .
too bad their doctor is a douche .
very rude , very curt .
went to see dr mason last year .
how rude is that ?
don't waste your time .
unfortunately , the receptionist was the complete opposite !
they still refused to fill it .
this is just horrific .
pretty disappointed to say the least .
it would have been an expensive job , too .
are you freaking kidding me ?
the lobster taco is o.k .
feeling a little disappointed now .
nice counter people but terrible kitchen workers .
place is always dirty , tables never cleaned .
absolutely rude and inappropriate .
if i could give negative stars , i would .
worst car wash ever !
this place is ridiculous .
i stopped in for an oil change .
they didn't complete the job they were paid for .
they have definitely lost a regular customer .
idiot scheduled it for monday .
did not take responsibility for their screw up .
don't trust them to get it correct .
plus there was packing material all over the floor .
this is the second time i left here disappointed .
thanks for wasting minutes of my life .
poor attitude , poor service .
basically they refused and only gave me one option .
service was slow and awful .
staff was young and could not answer of questions .
wasn't training at all .
- no cash discount plus the price increase .
she barely looked up at me !
totally rude and unprofessional !
six candy choices on display .
they just don't have fresh food that lasts .
i dislike this store , too many bad experiences .
too much bad food .
i get it , you're tired and hate life .
at the same time , that isn't my problem .
ok no problem will go to lunch .
told him to **** off and left .
i didn't get it at this location .
the window signage stated clearly : free estimates .
i can't believe this place is still in business .
they are rude and uncaring .
no wonder their business is so slow now .
this made me pretty pissed off .
worst mechanics in las vegas .
don't waste your time , go somewhere else .
not recommended at all .
worst apartment complex ever !
lived here for a year worst mistake .
they are dishonest and incompetent .
management is lazy and incompetent .
also , the walls are super thin .
i regret giving this place a chance .
terrible from start to finish .
maintenance is a joke at this place .
its a horrible apartment to live in !
this one day i woke up to no water !
worst place on planet earth to live !
so no surprises yet .
it's the way their computer works .
amazingly horrible experience with them .
but wait there 's a catch .
bait and switch warning !
i don't even know where to begin .
avoid this place at all costs .
this place is awful !
the workers in the office are extremely rude .
terrible place to live .
the apartments themselves are n't that bad .
but all in all they weren't awful .
the problem is the resident services girl .
as you know false advertising .
read the other bad reviews .
i will not tell anything good about this place .
i guess they don't like honest customers !
bad karma to her .
my experience was mediocre .
i won't even bother bringing my business there .
go to hell burger king .
you have lost me .
this plumber had neither of these qualities .
not a fair bone in his body .
i ended up getting a turkey sub on wheat .
they really deserve no stars .
do not use this company !
do not use this company .
it's not cute and hip , it's just sad .
i'm not ready for the raisin ranch just yet .
the stupid question i asked him .
it's definitely bad traffic design on display .
do you consider this great customer service ?
i dont think i will come here anymore .
that seemed to get weary whenever i walked in .
they also never seem to have great prices .
i would have spent considerably more at that time .
( get receipt corrected ) ugh .
what a horrible experience !
it's been a week and still nothing !
no fries , no cali burrito .
like i said : yikes .
where was the california burrito that i had ordered ?
sorry to say but quality has gone down here .
i never , ever order over the phone .
- don't come here for americanized mexican food .
- their hard shredded beef tacos were tasty .
the egg was too brown too .
basically , not a good sandwich at all .
overall , i will not go there again .
the al pastor was mushy and overly seasoned .
tasted like i had watered down american sour cream .
this place was worse than robertos .
white people just don't know mexican food .
one had tons of fat and hardly no carnitas .
i won't be coming back .
very rude i must say .
there al pastor ain't real al pastor .
quantity but not quality food .
worse management we've ever dealt with .
they are all over the grounds though .
none of these charges were mentioned at all !
oh and another thing , privacy is non-existent here .
do you like frequent apartment inspections ?
she works in the office , horrible service .
don't waste your time or money in this place .
this is a very rude and disinterested doctor .
he is a very overrated doctor .
i am totally blown away by this doctor .
don't waste your time .
this doctor is rude and arrogant .
he was very disinterested .
the doctor himself is rather " blah . "
then to wonder sushi and they are history too .
bad day for sushi , i guess .
sad times for everyone .
" self healing mat ?
no , look for it online .
even the bookstore is gone .
no reason to stop here again .
that wasn't even the worse .
he was having a bad day .
he made my husband and i so uncomfortable .
twice i repeated " i know .
that is why i'm here . "
he didn't have time for me .
doctor h. blew us off and wasted our time .
no one will call me back about this issue .
the wait times are beyond unreasonable .
bad form , dr. lewis .
theres a bar & game room upstairs .
to say it was bad service is an understatement .
not just is was ridiculously bad .
it was that bad .
nurse with dark hair has no compassion .
then she rushed me out the door .
avoid this place at all cost !
does he think i'm that stupid ?
i'm never going back !
i promised never again back then .
i was told no , its fine .
they said there is no film on them .
greedy money hungry place !
now i'm searching elsewhere to have them removed .
i'm not that stupid !
and not to worry .
only that she would take it up with administration .
wait time was long , but not unexpected .
believe all the bad reviews .
i cancelled my appointment and went elsewhere !
what a waste of time !
i will not see this doctor again .
this guy only wants money money money .
my advise do not go to this doctor !
ok , by this time my patience is gone .
if i could give no stars i would .
too busy to listen or to care about patients !
my bite has been permanently changed because of this .
i can not express how disappointed i am .
i have had the worst experience with this office .
they were wrong again .
but , this is getting ridiculous .
i refuse to see the nurse robin anymore .
robin is mean & unprofessional .
the same experience pregnant or not .
oh and she missed the delivery of my son .
not so much on appliances .
nothing was available and i was a bit annoyed .
no responses on two occasions .
summerlin location wasn't picking up .
no one seemed like they wanted to assist me .
everyone seemed like they were in a bad mood .
maybe because of the way i was dressed .
does anyone know where i can get theater seats ?
one of my worst experience ever !
we had so much problem purchase our flooring here .
what a freaking waste of time .
next salesperson we met in dining section .
staff is horrible here !
same return policy this is ridiculous .
for sure won't be back .
no one , that is who .
too bad , we are too cheap !
what an absolutely horrible experience .
don't waste your time with this store .
they are a ripoff to boot .
save your money , and don't go here .
she couldn't help you ?
this place is stuck on stupid .
maybe you should hire people like me .
a total waste of everyone 's time .
from the henderson location to north vegas ?
this company really cares about their customers ' .
so , i called complained .
will definitely not buy from here again .
they deserve no stars .
i am so disgusted with them .
both pieces were delivered damaged .
horrible horrible horrible customer service and their credit department !
disappointing news , but i am a reasonable person .
at this point i was really irritated .
couldn't pass it up .
one star is not low enough in my opinion !
this place is ridiculous .
not a big deal right ?
where does this stand ?
this is the worst company ever !
they said that it wouldn't fit .
they refused to attempt it again .
basic customer service would extend a call !
it ended up being a one hour ordeal .
i will not go back .
sadly , the store manager is on vacation .
been waiting two months and no new cushions .
how can they mess that up ?
believe us it's so not worth the problems .
i guess i'm used to faster better service .
i'll buy on amazon next time .
pickup process unbelievably slow .
i have never had a worst service .
none of them would do it .
also , don't buy the furniture insurance here .
extremely poor customer service !
again unable to reach sales person .
got fed up , hung up , went home .
that 's horrible customer service .
she transferred me to the henderson department .
machines broken for too long .
so , i went to cancel .
they refused to refund the charge .
why else treat people this way ?
very unnecessary and not good business practice .
this gym has gone downhill quickly .
the sandwich was pretty boring .
unfortunately , today was the last straw .
miguel was extremely rude and unprofessional .
something is wrong every single time .
the gal spilled our drinks but didn't replace it .
no drive thru due to location .
my uncle ordered beef with broccoli .
it was quite clear why the restaurant was empty .
worst sushi restaurant in north america !
the service was horrible !
i said it's not ok and explained the situation .
next time , i think not .
the rice can not be overcooked or undercooked .
each piece of my roll fell apart .
that bite just ruined it for me .
this restaurant was terrible .
panda express does better then this restaurant .
that is a very sad statement i must make .
we do not recommend this place .
i didn't like the dark ambiance .
service was not that great .
was a lil slow than usual .
owner is rude and disrespectful to his customers .
and tried to sell him on tires as well .
not too thrilled with this location .
had a slow leak in a tire .
said not interested , please put it back on .
i won't be back .
i guarantee i will not be back next year .
she never gave me eye contact .
rude and cold again .
i'm sitting there thinking to myself this is unbelievable .
the staff was very unprofessional .
don't think i would ever schedule again with them .
i've been to so many that only have lettuce .
each visit to a subway is a frustrating struggle .
i will spend my money elsewhere .
i would also give zero stars if possible .
they did not stock the key .
worst company by far !
they are liars and very sloppy with there work !
if i could give zero stars i would !
it was a very uncomfortable experience .
i'd give zero stars if i could .
sometimes the world makes no sense .
avoid at all costs .
food quality and value are poor !
worst thanksgiving meal ever .
they used a turkey roll instead of real turkey .
the bartender was so rude !
don't waste your time .
we we're very disappointed st. patrick 's day .
we had a bad experience at legacy .
now lets get to the worst part .
golf course is nice but incredibly poor management .
golf on a saturday is slow .
this is the worst walk-in clinic ever .
d. privacy - limited .
i felt bad for her .
they need more staff and more efficient staff .
nobody even tries to help customers faster .
do yourself a favor find another pharmacy to use !
are you guys trying to kill me ?
i searched the bags and my car .
this place does not have their act together .
get it together walgreens .
this type of thing shouldn't happen .
disappointing to say the least .
the pizza sauce tasted like tomato soup ( ?
ordered from here tonight .
i was so excited to have deep dish !
she wouldn't let me get a word in .
amateur supervisor no doubt .
are you kidding me ?
sorry , have your driver come get it .
they wouldn't refund delivery either .
terrible pizza and even worse customer service !
really no sweat off my back .
i wouldn't have ordered !
the hubby was not happy .
this place is horrible !
my chicago deep dish pizza was not cooked thoroughly !
the staff are not happy .
the order will be wrong more often than right .
but some of staff is very very rude .
not kindly very rudely .
thanks but no thanks wont be ordering here again .
they just lost out on that sale .
i will not call this restaurant again .
worst service not recommended .
gordon ramsey would of gone off .
i ended up throwing the rest in the trash .
i never through pizza in the trash .
i pass on this place .
they were completely overcooked and tough .
crust had no flavor .
really disappointed by pizza and appetizers tonight .
the chicken wings and calamari were just awful .
worst service ever from the manager !
wish we would have stuck to our guns .
if not , stay far away from this place .
and the waitress was really unwelcoming and cold .
there was no flavor beyond charcoal .
needless to say we'll never go there again .
so bad i didn't take more then two bites .
the ribeye and mashed potatoes were flavorless .
i probably won't be back .
the salad was absolutely drowning in dressing and soggy .
not exceptional , but more than i had expected .
unfortunately that didn't save a very disappointing dining experience .
for dinner though i would look elsewhere .
won't be headed back anytime soon .
no excuse for service this horrible .
waitress needs to be fired immediately .
i chose this place strictly for the yelp rating .
i'm pretty sure it had turned bad already .
everything else was barely mediocre .
missing silverware and napkins .
food isn't worth the headache of the service .
the kitchen was a disaster .
i will not be going back .
9:00 pm wednesday night - looking for late chow .
the worst professional office i've been too .
this office is a rip off !
but the story gets worse !
this office is a rip off !
but the story gets worse !
another ten min goes by no drinks no order .
what kind of restaurant just doesn't answer their phone ?
well it wasn't like this with us .
well the other lady doesn't know either .
dr. kim is awful !
even a friend of mine had a terrible experience .
this place is horrible .
wait , customer service doesn't even apply .
this place made me want to kill myself .
i don't like people all up in my shit .
the birthday girl couldn't even get a drink .
get out of my way and off the elevator .
i urge you to not stay at this hotel .
stay far away from this place .
there was no sleep to be had .
yes , i am ruining the artisan .
this is not chuck e cheese , people !
now it appears like trash to me .
it was a mess .
the pizza was disgusting !
the dough was barely cooked .
i would never stay here again .
i didn't know whether to laugh or cry .
the actual stay was awful .
don't stay here if you want any sleep .
there 's already a club downstairs !
yelpers , i'm disappointed in myself for this .
we got no sleep the entire weekend .
our pool experience was ruined as well .
this place is ridiculous .
it is trying way too hard to be cool .
the staff is rude .
the crowd was quite eclectic .
artisan , i am officially done with you .
see artisan , you just are n't cool anymore .
the crowd isn't what it use to be .
there is no crowd anymore .
shame on you artisan .
unfortunately , my opinion has never changed .
nothing fancy , just a birthday hangout .
didn't really like the music at all .
the bartender was not unfriendly .
if it's not an overcharge the prices are ridiculous .
zero class and zero customer service .
why would i return here ?
i wouldn't eat here if it was free .
they finally had to tape something white to it .
i couldn't wait to get home .
not in real life , right ?
first off , i want to be clear .
pros : cheap prices , not far from strip .
don't waste your time here .
they lost more than just three customers .
horrible " hotel " .
wouldn't hurt to turn on a light or two .
it's not the little things i'm concerned with .
no , these things are silly .
the valet was awful .
no one would have ever known the difference .
this hotel is not for the business traveler .
keep your expectations low .
party in the front no business in the back .
hated this place and never going back .
i would not stay again .
i basically got zero sleep the whole trip .
the hotel was really dirty and old !
the bathroom look is the worst !
the house keeping was the worst !
worst service ever of this place , obviously !
isn't it your job to know ? "
terrible , terrible service !
it's the worst hotel experience ever !
it's too bad really considering it's a nice hotel .
i'm currently in hell .
the pool is very small , but intimate .
i'm disappointed and my heart is slightly broken .
it just isn't going to happen .
i've never had a bad meal at the artisan .
i get the worst service here .
yeah , service is bad .
not a soul in the place .
i would not recommend staying here at any cost .
i didn't feel safe at all .
do not stay here .
, so why not !
terrible mattress and pillows !
gee , where do i begin .
the bathrooms are bad .
the service in the bar was horrible !
prices for drinks are outrageous .
it's like a little piece of hell .
doesn't make sense to me .
just doesn't make any sense to me .
hurts my ears with ear plugs .
- restaurant is only open friday and saturday .
its my last morning here before check out .
my experience was a little awkward .
the floors were sticky and the service was lacking .
however , we never heard back from them .
the drinks were not good and way over priced .
horrible place to stay at .
sad to say , never coming here again !
wish there was no stars for this review .
( the dance floor is not a dance floor .
then at least two mins of dead air .
by now we were pissed so we left also .
bouncers were cool though .
it was very cheap thank god .
also small mirrors are all over the ceiling .
i hate to write a bad review .
i cant tell you how grossed out i am .
needless to say , i will never stay again .
that really concerns me .
tried this place twice .
this use to be my favorite place .
but there obviously has been a change in management .
i won't be staying here again .
the pool area is disgusting and filthy .
didn't receive a warm welcome from the management staff .
so i've stayed here tons before .
this was my last stay , however .
they don't mind blood on the box spring .
not a little spot .
an old fashioned made with jack daniel 's ?
not at this classy joint .
the rooms and bathrooms itself wasn't any better .
my ceiling fan is about to fall apart .
but , good lord this is the worst !
this place is falling apart .
this place doesn't work as a hotel .
musty smell throughout hotel .
the bed is terrible !
loud on weekends doesn't even begin to describe .
you really can not escape the volume .
transportation without a car can be trying .
it doesn't make no since .
what a terrible experience .
i never saw anyone in the room smoking though .
overall , it's an ok stay .
i would not stay here again .
- woke up to no water pressure .
literally , shower would not work .
the place seems very dirty and old .
i feel like it needs a serious remodel .
the people behind the bar looked less than professional .
will not be back !
but the rooms are terrible .
what a complete disappointment .
then water won't drain .
whatever , minor things .
my girlfriend and i don't even smoke .
so i was given the managers email .
needless to say don't waste your time here .
no conditioner in the bath room or body soap .
just lotion and shampoo .
they switched my room .
this was not my idea of a good time .
i know this is vegas but this was ridiculous .
my singapore style noodles were bland .
the place is very run down .
the servers were surprisingly friendly .
we barely ate half of what we ordered .
there was hardly anyone in the restaurant .
but it would be good for groups .
everything else was meh , i've had better .
the salted fish fried rice was ok .
bottom line , we won't be back anytime soon .
there are too many other places doing it better .
i have never had chinese food like this ever .
this place is not even worth one star .
just put down a dollar at least .
even if the service was bad we tip . "
the bbq combo , too much to complain about .
don't think i'll be coming back here .
and the wait staff doesn't pay attention .
however with time passing , so does this restaurant .
i can't stand coming to this restaurant .
avoid this at all costs .
we just visited this cafe twice in a week .
two days later , we visited this restaurant again .
this restaurant makes us feel like they are dishonest .
one waitress appears very very sneaky .
this place is very dishonest .
prob is one of the worst chinese food .
not gon na come back here again .
food was substandard and nothing really stood out .
we'll venture elsewhere for chinese cuisine in the future .
it was a weird experience .
gave it away to someone else : ( .
not as great as before .
it was not a busy hour at all .
not healthy at all .
this one so far is bad .
service is really lacking here .
it was too bad it's too salty !
boy , was i pissed !
your host is absent minded .
you suck pho long .
first , the soup come out really fast .
not worth the price you pay for .
the service is disappointing .
it was the bomb !
i didn't know what to do with the lettuce .
note that nothing disrespectful was said !
then he just leaves .
i'm not coming here again .
overpriced and could taste a lot better .
the pho here sucks .
the broth sucks , and so did the noodles .
never would i come back here again .
worse pho place ever on earth !
will not come again .
it's not like it was a combo or something .
its like a chinese restaurant running out of rice .
the pho dish was ok to average at best !
the size of the bowl was really small .
the food here wasn't spectacular .
the service wasn't too great .
- some people at the table ate there before .
i'd try another restaurant in the same plaza .
so in we go .
yes , the service sucked .
not bad but def not great .
my pho was a bit salty .
am i coming back when i'm drunk ?
i did not like the food here .
so maybe we just ordered the wrong thing ?
the pho is overpriced and salty .
never go there again .
this go around , i had the chicken pho .
that was too oily for my taste .
i was not feeling that either .
the service is pretty damn horrible .
they don't deserve my business .
the pho was eh , not the best .
the wait staff is rude and very slow .
i'm never going to eat at this place again .
food was okay but service was horrible !
the horrible part was on the way out .
needless to say , we won't be going back .
the bowl itself wasn't that filling .
our server also sucked .
this guy actually didn't even know the menu period .
this place pho king sucks .
the past sunday was the worst .
it seems they have security problems here .
this is only second time we have eaten here .
nothing special but gets the job done .
the fried rice was horrible !
i'm never coming back .
( you don't get a choice . )
the pork was chewy and bland .
don't waste your $ $ $ $ !
don't order the salt and pepper calamari !
the picture looked so much better than the outcome .
the batter was gross .
wow , things change really quickly over in chinatown .
the staff was rude this time around .
if anyone has any suggestions please let me know .
the pho here is average to below average .
broth was below average .
watered down , much ?
cheaper too , albeit .
i couldn't describe the flavor in the broth .
this is probably why their pho soup was sub-par .
it has no pho scent , no pho flavor .
special bowl barely had meat & noodle .
the soup was not hot .
they do not pay attention to refilling your beverages .
food wasn't that great .
this place is terrible .
my food left much to be desired .
i won't be back .
expensive and too much five spices in the broth .
would not come back !
but horrible customer service ruins the whole visit here .
bad food , high prices , arrogant owner .
this place would not even make it .
it was just plain rudeness .
sad to say , i was very disappointed !
finished up my beer and left quite unsatisfied .
completely disappointing and definitely not going back there again !
too many places put there .
it was such an insult .
i hate the cashier there .
well no use complaining about that anymore .
it stuck so bad !
the wait's long and it's super crowded .
didn't take any order for drinks or food .
didn't even bother to properly seat us .
i ordered the drunken noodles with the vegetarian option .
service was okay , no complaints .
food is not any better than typical pho restaurant .
don't go this place period !
service isn't the greatest here .
but this visit was the last straw .
the wait wasn't long at all .
he said ok and walked to the back .
the service is also horrible .
come here if you want your day ruined .
what a let down .
it didn't have that vietnamese " charbroiled " taste .
and more importantly , the fish sauce was bland !
typical for an asian restaurant i guess .
note : the yelp hours are wrong !
i will never come back to this place again .
i was just at this establishment ( at approx .
the service staff wasn't so bad .
i'm so disappointed of this restaurant .
the food is not that good .
the service is so bad .
i would not recommend for this place !
got sat down quickly and had our orders taken .
the bbq pork was off .
veggies for the soup - no so fresh .
1st miss in a number of visits .
pho at kim long is just average .
this is tricky part and don't fall to it .
just terrible for vegas standards .
i had hue style beef stew pho .
this seems to be the only place open .
boy was i wrong !
yelpers , this is fair warning .
no depth of flavor .
asian restaurant = bad customer service .
pho kim long has bad customer service .
how that happens , i can only imagine .
i've had the chicken teriyaki and it was okay .
this place has the worst customer service .
the tastes were either bland or overly seasoned .
but the bun bo hue was very bland .
the pho itself is not bad .
worst restaurant i've been to in vegas hands down .
i can't eat in these conditions .
i didn't like the pho here .
the server was none too apologetic about it either .
there are alot more restaurants down on the road .
the peanut sauce was also a little off .
it wasn't that good .
pho long , i will not be back .
please avoid it at all costs .
the pho tai here sucks .
no respect , no money .
not a good place to eat .
the place is dirty as hell .
i will not be back to this restaurant .
the worst service ever !
so the restaurant is pretty empty .
worst worst and worst experience ever had !
they're open 24/7 which is why they're popular .
plus , they stopped serving tripe .
the wait wasn't too bad .
i will definitely not return to this place .
i have never experienced such poor service .
even after eye contact .
service is crap and servers are extremely rude .
however , their service is horrible .
no , just no .
viet food is below average .
i will never go back !
it tasted so artificial and americanized ?
oh and also hot tea is not free .
not worth the money .
this restaurant caters to tourist .
the food is just ok .
pho kim long is pho kim wrong .
both orders including the rice disappointed .
too greasy for me .
it's hard to describe .
it was like no chicken i've ever had .
the texture was not chicken .
how do you mess up rice ?
the white rice was over cooked and somewhat mushy .
i would never go back to this dump .
this broth was missing something .
the service on the other hand was terrible .
then he just went away .
i dont even want to give one star .
there were no meats today .
also it never wasn't that bad .
food is great but the service is lacking .
first , the employees are douche bags .
second , the soup to noodle ratio is inefficient .
they provide more soup and less noodles .
i want to get my money 's worth .
food is nothing more than ok.
horrible service basically told us to get lost .
their name in chinese is misleading .
be very careful with your bill !
a dollar here , a dollar there.
worst customer service ever .
worst customer service in existence !
the employees and manager are beyond ridiculous .
so , as a customer i was furious .
the service is the worst thing .
the waiters are so mean .
has no manner in customer service .
it smells like wet rag .
no refund , nothing .
used to be my favorite , but not anymore .
the food was exceptional .
nothing much to rave about .
what ruins this is the service .
there was absolutely no attention paid to us .
something as simple as refilling a water was ignored .
but today i was highly disappointed .
no flavor to my broth what so ever .
the eggrolls were greasy and very small .
came in sat down promptly and order right away .
first off , the service is horrible .
long story short : horrendous service .
nothing was served until i asked their server again .
here came the most disappointing part .
i don't know what happened with our order honestly .
this place is not an upscale restaurant .
but i'm never coming back .
this place wins the worst pho in las vegas .
they give pho a terrible name .
the broth was watered down and tasted nasty .
they don't even have black pepper at the tables .
also , the service is horrible .
so i know how much it has changed .
the pho isn't good at all .
the service here sucks .
i had a craving for some pho after work .
not the end of the world .
and i again get a complete non reaction .
no apology , no manager .
i was so disappointed with his service .
the host barely even noticed me .
this is not ok .
actually kind of disappointed .
very rude and unacceptable .
foods was ok but the service was horrible .
i thought that was insulting .
thanks pho kim long for ruin our day .
if there is an option with zero star rating .
i will rate them zero star rating .
the vegetables provided was obviously not fresh also .
my group didn't like what they ordered also .
the service was really rude .
the meatballs tasted so nasty .
he was so rude and sarcastic !
this place absolutely sucked !
i hate everything about it .
and i still paid and just walked out .
there are plenty of pho restaurants in the area .
i will not be returning .
food poor quality and salty .
unfortunately i can't seem to agree .
just didn't do it for me .
seriously , what a disgrace to pho !
the egg rolls are pretty typical .
worst service i ever had !
it wasn't worth it .
he said , " ok " .
bad service , dirty , not good food !
was super disappointed in how much it has changed .
i was disappointed in everything .
just your average vietnamese place with poor service .
this place hands down is the worst .
pho is not even from china .
was a nasty person .
never come back unless they fire the girl .
the most mediocre pho i've ever had .
both tables were neglected and weren't even given chopsticks .
but , it was inexpensive .
i totally don't understand the reviews .
if you're that busy , hire more damn employees .
service was bad food was bad .
my pan fried noodles were a bit salty .
the services is horrible .
pho is super salty and way too much msg .
make sure you check your bill before paying .
will not recommended until you're dying of hunger .
i've had better fast food chinese then this place !
rude from the start .
i found a live cockroach in my food !
they handled this situation so poorly .
clearly , he didn't add them in .
nonetheless , it was a very disappointing night .
this place has gone downhill .
the spring roll was terrible !
tasted like it's been sitting there a few hours .
two bites and i was done .
there are other choices in vegas for pho .
come here if you want incredibly rude service .
food is mediocre at best .
nevertheless , the pork chop was just as bad .
the whole experience was bad .
the flavor is very poor and low quality .
so just stopped by this place .
nothing specific , just a bad attitude .
not the worst part .
i felt rushed and uncomfortable .
it wasn't mine as i thought at first .
this noodle place sucks .
if not , you'll pay for their mistakes !
i would give zero star if i could !
the place have gone downhill !
the pho was disgusting .
worst dining experience of my life .
no it was nowhere else .
the disappointing pho made me wish that i did .
food was okay , service sucks of course .
over priced , over rated !
this pho was not even close .
the broth was okay , nothing special .
i'd say skip this place .
stay away from the honey walnut shrimp .
the spring rolls weren't good either .
none of our pho had side vegetables .
anyhow , this place is just not good .
rude waiter that didn't even know the menu .
cashier gave attitude when leaving .
costumer service is terrible !
the pho is terrible !
terrible service and dirty .
but tonight it all changed .
normally i have no problem with this place .
but tonight i was seriously upset .
i was so disgusted i lost my appetite immediately .
the prices are ridiculously priced .
the flavors here is mediocre .
the dishes here are quite expensive .
the presentation wasn't too appealing , either .
overall , i did not have an enjoyable experience .
you only had 5-6 pho combinations to choose from .
at least it looked like pho broth by appearance .
waiter didn't know what he was talking about .
absolutely hate this place .
chicken wings are a crime scene .
all hype no substance .
just ate there after the hubby wanted pho .
i've been to this place twice .
their customer service is disgusting !
pho is very average and service sucks .
very sketchy thing to do .
overall , the food has been disappointing every time .
i would not recommend this place .
usually you leave that for the customer to decide .
it wasn't as good as before .
typical ambiance one would expect .
the sauce for the spring rolls is so bland .
nothing special about it .
service- the service was slow .
i'll explain it in a little bit down below .
very busy place , but way over hyped !
the noodles were soggy and the broth wasn't hot .
honestly i wouldn't come here again .
so their service is terrible .
i really am sorry . "
she said , " no you can't do that .
the food in general , was alright .
no apology for their bad service .
he took the 3rd one away and looked annoyed .
but the service was terrible .
one of the worst service experiences i've ever had .
i am never coming back .
wish i could give this place zero stars .
not sure if its salt or msg .
my family and friends went there on last weekend .
the server didn't really check if we needed anything .
worst customer service ever !
i wouldn't recommend it .
wednesday night was slow and so was the service .
will not come back .
it wasn't the worst but it wasn't great .
they give lemon , no lime .
taro was not sweet and definitely a waste .
thai tea sucked too !
food was ok , the service was horrible .
never got a refill on my drink .
she didn't even bring me my bill .
seems like they cater to the non flavor people .
soup came out cold .
customer service is terrible !
i can't believe the bad management .
doesn't come with any salt and pepper nor soup .
we are very disappointed and would never return again .
boba was a little hard like it was frozen .
literally that 's what i said after one bite .
did that sound nasty to you ?
my bf says the restroom is disgusting .
no customer service what so ever .
recently it had been taken down .
first off , the portion sizes .
the food and service didn't reach my satisfaction .
very bad service and this isn't the first time .
it was a slap to the face .
i had rice bbq pork , it was okay .
do not go this place for pho !
the pho tasted like nothing .
also the waitress was rude .
i was confused cause it has no cents ?
i was really disappointed !
the worst place ever for pho .
service was slow too .
i wish i could give this zero stars .
i never had a problem with it back home .
no vegetables at all .
i don't know what is wrong with these people .
sorry , i'm not going back there .
the food is horrible .
this is not vietnamese food .
the spring roll we had was lack of flavor .
n the same stupid server served us .
he didnt even say sorry .
not worth the wait .
the food came out on time , too .
it was drenched in salt .
all i could taste was salt .
the service here was god awful .
there was no need for him to get snotty .
service here is garbage .
they don't even greet you .
it was so bad .
it's a complete rip off .
no one had arrived .
my time is worth money like anyone else 's .
they can keep their crappy customer service .
this is the second time they stood me up .
the first time was as a paying customer .
they left a lot of stains on our floor .
they suck i am sorry .
however , the treatment i received here was sub-par .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
i don't know what 's worst ?
your window rolls down but not up .
such a waste of time !
and i missed my gym plans .
then i walked out to my car .
i'm disappointed you can't get an order right .
i'm not sure if i'll be going back .
no prob for me , since i speak spanish .
any restaurant can have problems with any dish .
however the waitress today was rude and condescending .
left and never coming back .
but the food not good enough .
the service really bad , slow and poor .
unfortunately , this was one of them .
the smell could not be ignored .
pollo loco has better beans .
the quality will make ur customers come back .
needless to say , we said no .
extremely disappointed in this company .
rude , dishonest and unprofessional !
don't trust these people .
worst real estate company to work for !
if i could give no stars i would .
worst office depot ever .
he was extremely rude .
rather , i used to .
sadly , for me , it isn't .
sorry and i know they can do better .
stop by and grab some chile 's rellenos !
i was beginning to fear what was to come .
the iced coffee here is not good .
it wasn't great , really nothing here was .
not even my beloved iced coffee tasted right .
it's too bad i really liked this place .
i'm so pissed at this place .
are you kidding me ?
this place is awful .
- hot as hell inside .
it's vegas turn up your ac .
no one wants to eat pho in the heat .
i didn't find the servers to be particularly friendly .
in my opinion , this is just too much .
this place doesn't even deserve a star .
the price was really really pricey .
my pho broth wasn't even hot .
waiter point to a table for me to sit .
i don't think he likes his job .
it worth the worst i've ever had .
there was no apologies .
our waitress disappeared and our spring rolls were mia .
ownership has been switched , from vietnamese to chinese .
the service was the worst i've ever had .
i just tried their sandwiches for the 1st time .
as flat as they had become .
stale , flavorless , dry overpriced bagels .
consistently slow service , always the bare minimum working .
try not to come in when it's busy .
why is this place always so disorganized ?
all the employees need training at their locations .
worst i've ever seen .
forgot our food , low quality and nobody cares .
fault in management and employees .
i gave up and just ate it .
but that 's none of my business !
didn't nobody forced you to work here .
can't stand bad customer services .
the energy is low with the employees .
the manager has an apparent sour attitude .
it was very unprofessional .
girl barely speaks english .
cashier looks like she's been up for a week .
didn't have my order when i went to pay .
the space was barely big enough for the art .
luckily no damage , but still .
too bad for him !
taking my business elsewhere !
however , that 's where the satisfaction ended .
you'd keep me tv at no charge ?
the sheet covering the waxing table looked used .
dirty stick , hands and god knows what !
bad : the salon is run down .
overpriced for cheap work !
i really wish i could write a better review .
i realized how horrible the haircut actually was .
you do not get what you pay for here .
omg i don't think i will come back .
this place is really dirty and noisy .
all their tool were pretty rusty and dirty .
the absolute worst nail experience i have ever had !
usually don't they just repair it .
she was ready to polish right over it .
well another horrible experience !
the salon and mimi are a mess .
worst service i've ever had .
also my manicure was pretty mediocre .
i would try to avoid this place .
do not use this company !
i had better & less expensive elsewhere .
not impressed , won't be back .
however the follow up sucks !
i didn't find out until justin tried fitting it .
everything else was awful !
worst pool service ever .
i tell her that its poor service and management .
she has rick call me back .
not a great company to do business with .
they did quickly install a new pump and heater .
they do not deserve one star .
believe the other poor reviews .
regularly didn't show when expected .
customer service not a priority .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
they obviously do not want the warranty company jobs .
this was not the way to handle a client .
she was that short with me .
i did not take it .
i had a very bad experience with this company .
three times , i have received bad food !
the chicken or fish dinner plates are horrible .
the food is horrible .
the chicken and fish is not fresh .
the horchata had a nasty burnt after taste .
i was so excited to try this place .
my horchata tastes horrible .
" you know what , forget it .
needless to say i won't be coming back .
bring cash because they don't like using plastic .
you can leave the car overnight .
lattes need to be made with care .
not that hard people .
vanilla , espresso , milk then ice .
the staff is rude .
never get the order correct .
this starbucks needs some management and better cleaners .
huge staff is always very busy .
employees not just rude but incompetent .
nobody would take my order .
are you kidding me ?
if i could give negative stars i would .
they've changed the menu and added calorie counts .
it wasn't much bigger than an appetizer portion .
i'm not complaining about the taste .
was not a pleasant sight to see .
every time i am disappointed .
that is the only good thing i can say .
the entire party isn't even at the table yet .
a friend 's eggplant parmigiana was burned .
this was some truly terrible pasta .
the ladies room was a disgrace .
nothing special but it wasn't terrible as it sounds .
unfortunately , the dish was rock solid .
worst service we have ever had at this place .
the entire experience was very upsetting and sad .
worst service i've ever had .
just random workers checking on us and apologizing .
didn't go over well with three kids in group .
service was well intended , but not very good .
the second was just as bad as the first .
horrible and worst service i've ever had !
anyway i would never back this restaurant .
plus this didn't come with a salad either .
the only plus side was the rosemary infused bread .
no more for this place .
very disappointed in the catering service !
the chicken breasts were cut in half .
you can't beat that with a stick .
and the really bad part ?
sauce was pretty weak .
caesar salad was weak little serving .
hard to believe other reviewers think this good food .
this is chain restaurant imitation italian food .
after today i may not be going back !
the service was just bad .
i will not be coming here again .
this is not the place to eat .
one coupon per visit .
was really looking forward to having dinner here tonight .
no body around to greet us .
not like this you have n't .
the food however does leave something to be desired .
won't be going back .
poor service means we won't be going back .
the service was horrible !
what a horrible experience for me .
the mussels were okay , not the best .
there was no other flavor .
the fried calamari appetizer was completely tasteless .
too high priced for me .
food was okay , but the service was poor .
food is good ; but service is horrible .
crab tasted frozen an old .
the service was horrible .
never again will i go there .
the appetizers we started off with were decent .
the filling on them tasted old and weird .
i was sick for a good three days .
no higher than two stars .
no wow factor here .
worse than red lobster .
food came out soggy and disgusting .
probably frozen seafood and not fresh .
boy was i wrong !
this was the only thing that tasted good .
medium should never be so dry .
will not go back .
ordered appetizer ( coconut shrimp and crab balls ) .
but even he recognized the wait was unacceptable .
food was cold by the time it arrived .
were running behind " horrible experience .
he returned with a blended margarita with no salt .
of course , i immediately sent it back .
we didn't feel appreciated at all .
the service was next to nothing .
plus , the food was terrible .
the burger had a soggy bottom bun .
the lobster bisque was gross .
we were all disappointed and will never go back .
slow during sunday lunch , hostess sat us immediately .
she left dirty plates on the table .
ordered the crawfish bread and gumbo , both horrible .
it really was just ok .
unfortunately after all this time still not forgotten .
a bad but learning experience nonetheless .
i am not sure that we will go again .
i ordered cranberry pecan crusted mahi mahi .
famous salad bowl : served with all entrees .
it wasn't my cup of tea .
nothing too spectacular or memorable .
but the entree of shrimp and grits is disappointing .
i probably won't be rushing back here .
the food however was horrible .
bacon wrapped shrimp and stuffed shrimp .
no texture at all .
i don't even want to leave one star !
wow was i wrong !
this place was so run down i was embarrassed !
appetizers sucked and were dry .
lobster was chewy , steak was tough .
i have never felt so insulted .
the miniature sized manager was completely useless .
service was standard , nothing special .
nothing here to recommend to anyone .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
never ever dine with the server named maria .
this was the worst experience of my life .
it was not what i ordered .
my brother was offended with her reaction .
she gave us horrible service from the start .
all the crab legs were picture perfect .
my first experience with this photographer was not good .
they are the worst .
the staff was rude and inconsiderate .
as i said , she has bad anxiety !
he never spoke to me about work !
avoid at all costs if you can .
kill the planet why don't you .
listen , i'm on some pretty serious meds .
dining there was like dining from hell .
next , the entire place was disorganized and smelly .
what the hell is taking so long ?
no need to make us wait 20+ minutes .
i'm still slightly drunk and hung over .
service : it was very fast and prompt .
the broth came out hot , but nothing special .
noodles were flavorless as well .
the meat just was lacking any real flavor .
so much failure for such a traditional dish .
like most asian restaurants , what is service ?
their shaking beef was dry and no taste .
possibly the worst vietnamese restaurant i've tried in vegas .
the beef and pork rice plate was pretty bad .
the service here was very bad .
it was like i ordered a bbq meatball salad .
and i'm talking about zero service !
over priced , nothing special .
seattle pho is where it's at .
this place isn't good what it used to be .
this was my favorite vietnamese restaurant .
the restaurant is sooo dirty .
not to mention the msg overload .
their pho is not good at all !
she brushed my off in a very rude way .
by then my husband was really upset !
to build customers takes a long time .
but to loose customers , not long at all !
by the time they bring out the pho .
this time around was a huge disappointment .
when it came out it was soaking in oil .
i won't be coming back .
they both came out , no egg .
also seems slightly pricey for mediocre food .
my dumb ass ordered the bun bo hue .
i'm sorry but no more cockroach .
the pho was practically like boiled salt water .
needless to say service is poor .
this pho isn't good .
too much sodium in the soup .
the spring rolls were just mediocre .
the place was busy and they were extremely understaffed .
the soup for it was plain and tasteless too .
the servers seem more clueless and lost .
sadly it was not meant to be .
i will not be coming back .
the restaurant is not very clean .
their pho is not good at all !
do not eat here .
only this time i got food poisoning .
it was a shame .
am i missing something ?
place was just ok .
whatever it was , it had gone bad .
the pho was just ok.
not the best , not the worst .
i probably won't be back .
i will never come back to this restaurant again .
the worst service i've ever experienced .
watch out for being overcharged on your bill .
it's very bland and is not full of flavor .
it almost tastes as though it's watered down .
probably the worst vietnamese place , i have experienced !
warning : the establishment itself is a oven !
sorry that was a load of crap !
the food is nothing to rave about !
the chicken dish was dry !
you could have gotten this in another vietnamese restaurant .
needless to say i will not be back .
meat was very hard like rubbery .
not worth the money .
i've had better , i've had worse .
another pho place and of course shitty customer service .
it's really bad , really really bad .
sticky bottles , the floor a mess , etc .
it shouldn't be happening .
was not impressed at all by what came next .
the peanut sauce was really runny .
out comes a small bowl of lukewarm pho .
charbroiled pork , egg rolls with vermicelli and veggies .
the pho here is gross .
it just tastes like msg .
the bathrooms are disgusting .
i will def not walk in there again .
it was pretty chaotic .
went in with friends and we're ignored .
the beef was old and dry .
customer service was not up to par either .
leaving the store crowded and poorly ordered .
pho broth is no good .
service is no good .
this one was not worth my time and money .
the pho itself was not good .
time and i am not the least bit impressed .
will not be coming back .
the cashier was apologetic , but not by nature .
which was probably a fake name .
the pho here is underwhelming and lacks flavor .
however , the customer service was friendly tho .
this is so typical of an asian family .
didn't have much flavor to it .
the noodles wasn't fresh tasting like i'm used to .
it's not piping hot like it's supposed to be .
the meat was just ok .
really bad and slow service .
it was really gross .
overpriced and poor quality .
they gave me a lot of chicken meat though .
guess they're pretty clean .
who else has a problem with this besides me ?
the service is bad .
today my husband talked me into going again .
lack of customer service remains .
they were a bit rude .
i don't know why this place is busy .
awful customer service , awful food .
not terribly bad but not good .
this place is absolutely terrible .
the staff obviously doesnt give a shit about you .
the idiot came back with rare meat and tripe ?
no wonder they deserved the *** now !
everything from the broth was a huge disappointment .
the steak was very low quality .
no one finished their pho .
the egg rolls were bland .
horrible service and pho was disappointing .
this time , it was so horrible .
" , in vietnamese with a rude manner .
horrible service , horrible food .
that is just so careless .
that makes no sense .
don't waste your time or money here !
this place is gross !
all tables and booths were not in good use .
plastic bowls just make the food bad and unhealthy .
did i expect too much about this place ?
i couldn't eat half of it .
the sauce was runny and very salty .
i don't recommend this dish at all .
the rice plate was also mediocre .
it's not worth it for how much they charged .
if i could give a lower rating i would .
i can't even believe what i just witnessed .
small portions for pho .
however , my father 's food never came out .
pho was mediocre at best .
prices were too high for what was being served .
i would not eat here again .
they also forget some of my order .
my girlfriend felt the same way .
large portions but very tasteless .
i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
wait staff is not very attentive to customers .
they all lack a lot of flavor .
we went in january 1st .
the wait was not bad .
i mean , really ?
the table is dirty and smelly .
we sat down and waited , and waited .
glad i was half way done with my meal .
the restaurant is utterly filthy .
the day staff is rude .
the place is loud as hell .
but today was a bad nasty experience .
jack links beef jerky tastes better than this trash .
overall the experience just wasn't very appealing .
won't be going back .
this is the worst vietnamese restaurant i've been to .
bad service and bad food , i would pass .
totally gross and staff is rude as hell .
just a bowl of noodles ?
so i didn't eat those either .
but i'd rather not pay to get sick .
the pho was small and cold !
please be warned before coming here .
we couldn't wait any longer so we left .
someone eventually found out it was miller light .
not the best customer service already , but whatever .
then , it got worse !
no way i'm working with them though !
the pictures are so bad .
the dj was horrible also .
he has no control of them getting inside .
wrong lady to try and school on roaches .
don't waste your time .
just stay away from this place .
disclaimer : i did not book with this venue .
it killed me though , and here is why .
anything would be better than this poor treatment .
this place has fallen apart .
the bread sucked also .
what a waste of money .
i do not know about coming back here .
the food was terrible .
when drinking , strip clubs sound great don't they ?
but i could have done better up there .
it was a complete ripoff .
regulars or not , what happened to my order ?
" you shouldn't lose your phone . "
they ended up being rude as hell .
" hole on . "
" no we out of bbq ribs . "
it just felt really stale in there .
run out at 9pm ?
tofu hut only gives out five banchan !
the only thing really good was the short ribs .
everything else fell below par .
this restaurant is sparse .
there are plenty of better places to go .
needless to say , i wouldn't eat there again .
not the right way to prepare tofu .
it's not even short ribs but beef cuts .
i guess i ordered wrong !
service here is horrible !
they always seem to forget that were there .
an ultimate rip-off joint !
it was okay , not the best i had .
the rice was okay but not spectacular .
it left a bad burnt taste on my tongue .
totally ruined my meal .
i really don't like the service here .
i've been here twice and both times were horrible .
we ate it anyway though .
other than those reasons , i'd rather go elsewhere .
food was sub-par , nothing special .
food was bland and overpriced .
the bathroom was disgusting and had no paper towels .
we don't even have anything on our table .
but if i do , i want better service .
i was pretty disappointed .
i guess that wasn't a good sign .
the banchan were boring .
the bibimbap was ok but lacking flavor and depth .
the korean pancake was way to hard .
the meat they served was mediocre .
it was edible but not delicious .
the portions of meat was so small .
this place just failed at every turn .
however , it wasn't my original order .
worst korean tofu soup place ever !
you won't regret it !
the side dishes were all suck !
kimchi was too old and jun was all burned .
staff was not bad .
i cant believe tofu hut became this horrible .
it wasnt used to be this bad .
it isnt horrible but it definitely isn't good .
the service was mediocre and bland .
it was so disgusting and nasty .
standard korean bbq in a filthy restaurant .
will not be returning .
i wasn't feeling this one .
there are better options in the area .
the meat was so bland and tasteless !
the sides were not very good either .
i wound not recommend this horrible place .
the meats were awful and poor quality .
also worth mentioning is their horrible banchan .
it was not fresh nor did it taste good .
the soon tofu was extremely , uncomfortable spicy !
it definitely is not because of their food .
wow , worst service ever .
it was loud and you couldn't hear yourself .
overall , service was horrible !
again , thumbs down .
the service was ok and the restaurant seemed clean .
also , the salad was so bland and tasteless .
yeah , no thanks .
im sorry but seriously ?
the only thing i really enjoyed was the ribeye .
also the wait is ridiculous .
i used to really like tofu hut .
most of the meat was tough and dry .
it was neither good or bad .
if their service deserved it , i wouldn't mind .
won't be back again .
this place is disgusting .
the meat quality sucks and the selection is limited .
the guy told me they don't offer it .
the service isn't that great either .
waitress didn't even take our drink order .
probably will not visit again by planning .
really really bad experience , never come back again .
they didn't apologize for their mistake .
not planning to come back here again .
the wait was horrible .
the services are really bad !
never this happened before .
the service is so bad .
if i could give a negative star i would .
he wasted our valuable time .
the ayce line was long , as per usual .
either way , i didn't enjoy it .
i wouldn't go back .
that fact is what pushed me over the edge .
like i said , i wouldn't go back .
she was also extremely unpleasant .
i too experienced this .
then she tried to charge me for the dish .
won't go back again .
do they not like customers ?
do they not want to make money ?
waiters barely ever came to our table .
this place gets very busy and smoky .
the food was not appetizing at all .
overall , wasn't even worth a discounted rate .
what a waste of time !
they wasted my time .
apparently no one there knows how to tell time .
went somewhere else and she didn't have a problem .
a bit dissappointed that their hours were totally wrong .
thanks but no thanks .
it is always dead .
really old & worn looking .
i made the mistake of ordering lunch one day .
it was all cold & flavorless & pricey .
i have a severe allergy .
i just left and i feel disgusted .
they didn't have enough cheese or anything .
the chicken and steak tacos were all below average .
the chicken , again , was cold .
the shells were also disgusting .
i ate half of it before i got sick .
either way , i was sick and we left .
not a good sign .
they will try to fix .
imagine your grandmother 's living room .
i shouldn't even be drinking soda .
the place was very smokey .
the bartenders weren't very friendly or personable .
i would not recommend this place .
sorry , you failed to entertain .
i understand that border 's is having financial problems .
no charm , no third time .
the owner is very rude .
i'm glad he didn't drag me into that conversation .
no one was there .
employees at these stores are horrible , generally speaking .
gave lowes a lot of chances .
abysmal customer service from the install sales team .
lowes , you really really suck .
to bad , so sad !
the store was empty , by the way .
this was my last trip to lowes .
lowes where the customer comes last .
the next time it would not turn off !
they lost me as a customer .
then theres a person check receipts as you leave .
but no longer a greeter when you come in .
i effing hate this place !
so i guess i'm screwed .
i'm sure you have on site maintenance staff !
worst wal-mart i have ever stepped foot in .
i have never been so insulted in my life .
i have never left this walmart content nor satisfied .
not to mention , these employees dress unprofessional .
looked at the date , & it was expired .
another thing , this is a ghetto walmart .
this location is terrible .
stopped in earlier this week .
the bathroom was nasty .
there was nothing nice about it .
will not be getting the next one here .
this location is pretty terrible .
i just got ta get these coupon thing down .
horrible , absolutely bad !
consistently bad experiences here .
it just feels uncomfortable to shop at .
the cold weather was killing my battery performance .
i hate this walmart and some of the employees .
most of the employees are just straight up rude .
they don't care unless you hand them their paycheck .
the place is always a nightmare .
even then before hand , they block it off .
the list goes on .
i hate this place .
this place is so lame .
this store is a shit hole !
it's disgusting in here !
this is absolutely ridiculous !
it was so horrible i almost threw up !
this has to be the worst walmart ever !
shelves are dirty and empty .
the workers are rude and clueless !
worst walmart experience ever .
i've never been treated so poorly in my life !
nothing i could do .
i need to really take my money elsewhere .
it was the only car in the service bay .
why don't i have not been changed .
because they do not have my oil filter .
obviously were too lazy to call me .
now i have wasted time and energy .
oil was obviously not changed .
won't be coming back .
no stars for the worst experience ever .
i've never been a fan of walmart .
this one is officially off my list .
but the cashier was very mad and grumpy .
the lines at this walmart was horrendous .
it really was a long time .
bad management i think .
this place is crazy busy .
she even said calling might not help .
this walmart needs to get there act in order .
worst on the planet !
i hate this place .
too much money for average quality .
this was done with only some improvement .
i left with my nails looking like complete garbage .
do not go here for gel nails !
this shop does not even warrant a rating .
said she was too busy .
not 24hrs passed and three nails chipped .
i was so disappointed with the experience i had .
it burned so bad .
it was like a slap in the face .
very disappointing and never going back .
but it's not extra it's just the regular powder ?
tonight was the final straw .
we walked in the door and weren't even acknowledged .
i will not be going back .
they are purely lazy !
worst experience of my life .
laughing in my face like something was a joke .
will not be returning here .
not very professional if you ask me .
the massage in my legs and feet were horrible .
please don't waste you time .
they are careless and not qualified .
and he refused to run extensive testing .
shady and dishonest , liars !
any charge would come off of the repair .
ultimately i had to leave .
no taste at all .
went here yesterday for lunch .
other than that i've had better indian food .
we got our food , which tasted like cardboard .
vegetarian isn't supposed to mean flavorless in my opinion .
i was not happy .
i am never going back to this place .
i was a little steamed .
talk about a disappointment .
it was like maybe one leg .
the sauce was bland .
the basmati rice was salty and over cooked .
but overall the food was not worth the cost .
ordered to go and they got my order wrong .
chicken masala was pretty bland .
yelp you disappointed me tonight .
the shrimp vindaloo was nothing spectacular either .
sorry to say , we won't be coming back .
the place was certainly a hole in the wall .
the folks that work there were super nice .
no real chunks of bone and meat .
it was like half a potato all together .
it was sweet and bland .
no tart , no spices .
not the way to win repeat or new business .
we didn't feel very comfortable or welcome .
the server was courteous and attentive .
this was so disappointing .
does not taste like indian chai tea .
i had real bad experience at this place .
stay away from the beef samosa .
our waiter was overly aggressive .
i was severely disappointed to say the least .
go here if you need some semi cheap shoes !
she did not know what that meant .
it was a disaster .
there was a very large selection of seed beads .
nothing to run home to mom about .
i even complained , they seriously didn't care .
ps , the inside of this place is disgusting .
no organization , delayed on time lines and unprofessional .
poor representation of a business owner .
damn things are impossible to find .
don't do business with these people .
unfriendly & does not keep its word .
they said it was random testing .
which is not acceptable .
it got worse because it had n't been treated .
instead of going after her office , we left .
i would never recomend anybody to this place .
do not bring your car to all pro .
remember going the cheap way cost twice as much .
you will be sorry .
would never go here again .
my wedding day memories will forever be chaotic !
i wish i could get some of it back .
wedding started with very rude staff at this facility .
threw away everything i bought .
i didn't see the issue of the exchange .
horrible customer service from employee 's !
not good at all .
other than we can't control the shipping company .
that made no sense to me .
it had been cancelled or returned or whatever .
i am asking you !
worst auto zone ever !
everyone there is a fucking idiot !
i asked politely why i was not help .
all three of the associates gave a nasty attitude .
the costumer service was bad .
there were other customers waiting for a longer time .
the worst auto zone store ran by bad managers .
a lot of the product tends to be old .
the store is ridiculously cramped .
dust on produce is unacceptable .
learn some manners , mr. new india market .
off their food products .
don't support this place .
the door was lock so i rang the bell .
so not much help here and not friendly much .
they ruined my brand new expensive suit .
neither the jacket nor pants fit at all .
this place is horrible .
i still dont know where he got the price .
nightmare of an owner .
note the lexus in gold parked outside the shop .
do not waste your time !
he is however pushy and overbearing .
nothing is priced which is always a bad sign .
don't get taken advantage of and save your money .
this place is no different .
you have been warned .
i figured it couldn't really be that bad .
bottom line , just avoid this store .
then charge that and may even ask for more .
it's not worth it .
this owner is a pathetic tool .
a huge waste of time .
neither of them know how to price their merchandise .
i wasted an hour of my time there .
don't waste your time .
there 's better record shops in lv .
a waste of everyone 's time .
i left empty handed .
no more need be said .
in all i walked away extremely disappointed .
if you're smart you will not live here .
i dont reccomend this apartment .
they also raised our rent without telling us !
it's impossible to get maintenance over to fix anything !
horrible service and no taste .
i'm kind of indifferent about this place .
for me i am not impressed .
i would skip this place .
food was not good too .
only four side dishes came , tasted so so .
i dont have any patience to use that crap .
for me that 's a negative captain .
this resturant has kitchen nightmare written all over it .
i was too scared to go in .
overall quality seemed to be totally lacking .
doors locked , no furniture inside .
they did not call me .
they told me they would call me back .
i did not get a call .
no one showed up again .
no one seems to know whats going on there .
to this day they still have n't called me .
i locked my keys in my car tonight .
i wonder when they will get here ?
my wife was locked out of her car .
i'll pass , thanks for nothing .
worst service i have ever experienced .
he started being real rude and says he leaving .
i would never recommend them .
wish i could give this company zero stars !
what a pathetic excuse for a business .
i will not go back .
the selection of polish sucked , big time !
its a small thing but to me its annoying !
worst nail salon i have ever been too .
the smell of sewage was overwhelming !
based off of cleanliness it would be no stars .
no problems he said .
so now i'm pissed .
the worst pizza i have ever experienced .
no way , no how .
i would not recommend this location to anyone .
worst customer service ever encountered .
excited to bite in to this fresh pizza !
place was very dirty and it was not busy .
the dough was undercooked and the pizza was cold .
did not receive my order as i requested .
but i'm kind of pissed at this location .
not appropriate for food service .
not goin ' back any time soon .
why would anyone want to eat here ?
just take the delivery sign off your window !
that can't be good for business .
the sandwich was very bland .
very disappointed with the food .
subway taste much better .
the customer service here is horrible .
it was dead no one in the place .
guess i'm bringing my lunch from now on !
sandwich was very plain , not much flavor .
won't return back to this place again .
was not able to deliver to my location .
don't always trust the jimmy john 's delivery system .
there was nothing really special about it .
probably frozen and imported in from ca or hi .
it was almost unbearable to be inside .
oxtail was mostly fat .
unfortunately i will not be back .
it wasn't the same as before .
i just don't understand the hours here.
maybe i caught them on a bad day .
the katsu was overcooked and dried out .
the curry was very bland .
i was completely disappointed in the macaroni salad .
aloha kitchen , what 's going on ?
the kalua pig was way to salty and dry .
the food just sucks .
even fast food joints in hawaii serve saimin .
so , i settled for that .
i also chose a side of macaroni salad .
i do no recommend .
unfortunately not much has changed .
it was totally disgusting and they took forever .
i will not be coming here ever again .
still a bad taste in my mouth .
it was that bad .
it wasn't awful , but it wasn't great either .
kalbi - these were just ok .
even l & l serves up a thicker slab .
chicken teriyaki - the teriyaki sauce is horrible .
overall : not worth another penny from my wallet .
who doesn't it pancakes without butter , seriously ?
i've been a loyal aloha kitchen customer for years .
it's cheap and really flavorful comfort food .
and it's an asian ( filipino ) establishment .
ruins the experience every time .
the worst customer service ever !
sure , i can wait .
very disappointed of the restaurant .
the worst place to ever order on the phone !
they don't make it until you get there .
tried it , hated it .
i've heard a lot of things about this place .
it was all too sweet for my liking .
it was just big cubes of frozen fish .
my friend 's kalbi was too sweet as well .
good char but too much sugar .
i didn't care much for it .
also , the place was very dirty .
it looked so unorganized and dusty behind the counter .
that 's a definite no .
then it just horrible now .
awesome , so no one runs this place ?
the food is not the issue here at all .
because of him , we will not be returning .
musubi was like no musubi i've ever had .
not a good spin on musubi .
it really is a shame .
not real local food .
none of this fusion crap .
so sad they did not do anything about this .
foods from next door , was ok .
however the customer service was terrible .
tight bun took it too far .
you can't treat customers much worse .
good food but horrible service !
the fat lady is very rude to the guest !
she wears glasses she thinks she all that !
now the bad things .
sauce on everything in a bento box !
not even real beef .
no choice for normal mac salad .
i am so disappointed with this restaurant .
i was quite underwhelmed with the food .
it was decent but nothing special .
yes , this is my rant .
i couldn't get boba because they ran out .
could have been worst .
ok , so help me out .
poor choice of music .
october comes around and exact same thing happens .
never met with anyone at any location .
entire cake went to waste and was not enjoyable .
that 's a weird situation and i felt offended .
this experience doesn't sound real right ?
i thought she was falling asleep .
suffice to say , she knew nothing about massage .
i wanted to leave , but i felt bad .
then she demanded a tip .
there isn't much irish to it .
oops , my mistake again , i guess !
the food was not worth the wait at all !
horrible service and terrible food !
left without ordering anything .
she leaves and takes forever to come back .
the fish had too much batter and flavorless .
i won't be back to eat .
no apology for the unsanitary conditions was offered .
the waitress couldn't be bothered to even acknowledge us .
this shop is such a disappointment .
so much problems with this shop .
silly me , did not even think of that .
this place is the most dishonest place ever !
the manager should get fired !
this place is a huge ripoff .
it doesn't end there .
the owner 's wife got really really pissed .
sucks it had to end this way .
kevin was rude and unprofessional .
i grabbed my key and left .
do not rent from here at all !
extremely unprofessional and don't respond to any emails .
worst company to work with .
they don't believe in customer service .
he said i will pay you nothing .
he took no ownership of his shoddy work .
so now he's calling me a liar .
i would put zero if possible .
didn't see any prices posted .
asked , but not given a pickup date .
not sure if the owner is always rude .
not safe for women .
they did just that , however .
i will not be recommending this place to anyone .
pretty disappointed in my experience here .
very disappointed in my experience .
that way , you'll still have money left over .
ill never take my car there again !
overpriced and terrible customer service .
this took me for a total surprise .
i felt totally insulted .
he can't hear me .
it's disgusting is why ! "
it is what it is people .
i hate him too .
all in all cheap and crappy !
needless to say i cancelled the biscuit order .
of course he didn't apologize or care .
the al pastor tacos taste like a slim jim .
however , the second time the food was gross .
it was so bad we never ate there again .
another quick lunch led me to this place .
the asada was dry and had little flavor .
i dont find the need to ever go back .
i will not go back .
threw half of it out .
not only everything did not taste good .
very small overly chopped pieces .
blah blah blah in taste .
they fried the cheapest fish , not even tilapia .
i would not recommend .
food selection is very slim too .
if you're vegan , ok.
with almost no meat .
however the service was pathetic .
bad service high prices .
the selection was very , very limited .
the rice had hard things in it .
the food is tasteless ( vindaloo , masala ) .
first time tasteless indian .
there was nothing worth eating .
i mean , really ?
very much disappointed with taste of the food .
food was good but customer service was terrible .
worst food ever in my life .
the chairs upholstery was filthy and dirty .
the samosa was very greasy .
the food was awful .
very disappointed with this place .
chicken curry was bad .
didn't really like anything else much .
service was slow and not polite .
the food is superb .
however the service is below average .
they then delivered the wrong chair .
again they wouldn't return my calls .
not worth the hassle of being lied to .
it all went downhill from there .
slowest sushi place i've ever been to .
highly disappointed in this place .
the yellow tail was bland .
no return trip planned in the future .
i never realized shopping carts could be so dangerous .
she's skinny with long blonde hair .
very upsetting and disappointed for my loss of money .
very disappointed of an unprofessional cashier staff here .
i was unhappy their customer service .
unfortunately we were pretty disappointed .
the staff is very friendly but not particularly attentive .
the food is mediocre .
i don't get it .
the food is not my style .
service was incredibly slow .
coffee ( had a cappuccino ) was very weak .
unfortunately , everything else was lackluster .
the lobster omelet was ok , nothing fabulous .
nothing could help that sad omelet .
hmmm , probably not .
the chorizo omelet was not taken off the check .
sad this place a block away from home .
the food was absolutely horrible .
everything about the benedict tasted old .
the ribeye meal was a disaster .
unfortunately , we would not return .
the service was just terrible .
my husband left half his breakfast on the plate .
it was not good .
that 's how truly awful it was .
the service was awful after that .
i have noticed however their prices are going up .
there are absolutely no carts or baskets .
not a great selection of anything either .
dry pork chop , bland creamed spinach .
stale , old looking items on the salad bar .
service : our waiter was poorly trained and indifferent .
and the prices for the entrees are ridiculous .
boy was i wrong .
trust me , you don't want a courtyard room .
doesn't sound like a huge difference but it is .
it almost knocked me out .
bingo isnt half bad either .
palace station can fuck off !
only stay here if you really have to .
bottom line , not impressed .
and our expectations were low !
you can feel the springs in the beds .
i guess im a sucker for a cheap deal .
it looked like a cheap motel room .
the rooms were pretty crappy though .
the first time , they messed up our reservation .
i'm not signing that !
wait , it gets better .
i'm truly blown away .
this place does not care for their arcade machines .
i went to play house of the dead .
want a quality arcade experience ?
watch out for the tall blond manager .
-- - this is the palace station !
the bathroom amenities were kinda cool .
my room smelled very badly .
blech , i wonder how .
booked through priceline " name your own price " .
would not stay there again .
i would not stay here again .
bed bug bites to be exact .
it just did not belong there .
do not stay in a courtyard room !
the setup was confusing and not well labeled .
the room was a total disappointment .
and driving las vegas sucks !
the layout of the rooms is confusing .
the casino is sad .
i will not be back .
this place is dirty and sad .
funky doesn't even cover it !
rooms are filthy and totally ghetto .
nothing but white trailer trash staying in this place .
everything about this hotel was terrible .
i mean , you get what you paid for .
they gave me another room .
uh , ugly , small , dull .
not pleased with the rooms .
the staff was rude and indifferent .
it was like paying for nothing .
the courtyard is trashy and dated .
how i'm not pregnant is shocking .
the food here sucks .
pool and courtyard very dated .
prob won't stay here again .
in conclusion , i will not be back .
provide tables for everyone and provide more food choices .
the casino is nothing like the strip .
not certain what the fee was for .
i could not find an elevator .
this ain't no palace .
that should have been known to me beforehand .
it was my first time here .
needless to say , i didn't stay long .
this place is a complete ripoff !
the room service was awful .
the bed , i didn't dare look .
i had to sleep .
not acceptable , and also extremely unprofessional .
run down rooms , smoky casino .
seemingly a waste of money and time .
that was very much appreciated .
i was not apologized to even once .
that is poor customer service .
hotel gave away my room .
it is so gross .
the hotel and casino is just nasty .
it was completely annoying .
they were understaffed and check in desk was slow .
then shes like we'll we do have americano .
( maybe they just don't care !
he wasn't even apologetic about it .
not great customer service .
the beds are uncomfortable , lumpy , and disgusting .
i will not be visiting again anytime soon .
no smiles nor a welcoming face .
anyways , not a good feeling .
did i mention this place is bad ?
the worst hotel ever !
the room is also outdated .
there 's also no elevators for the courtyard rooms .
the worst hotel i ever stayed in vegas .
feel like haunted motel style .
the courtyard area is disgusting .
all the furniture and linens smell like cigarette smoke .
the room itself is very small .
the courtyard rooms are n't worth the discounted price .
i didn't like it .
this place did not meet our expectations at all .
if you stay here get a tower room .
they're dated and they stink .
more proof that nothing good in vegas lasts .
room is so dusty .
the crowd thoroughly enjoyed .
the hotel itself is not bad .
there is no coffee maker in the room .
the chicken was overcooked .
do not eat there .
i saw none of this going on .
will never step foot in this place !
staying at this hotel was a horrible experience .
also , it's almost impossible to find your room !
the place has not been updated for many years .
i hate this hotel !
the elevator is no where in sight .
fyi i'm pregnant and not happy !
the pipes didn't stay in place .
the carnitas was surprisingly not horrible .
buffet was a lot better too .
i'll never return to the palace station .
their buffet was horrible .
tater tots were old and stale .
don't eat the desert cake .
it tasted like licking the inside of a refrigerator .
service was nice but also sketchy .
this property just needs to be torn down .
just a bad property .
dirty , old , grimy and outdated .
just don't stay here .
i didn't get one .
the door man was rude and demanding .
; i'd rather sleep in the car !
the room was kinda gross .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
even one star is too much .
staff not helpful at all .
do not stay here .
this is the worst hotel in vegas .
one star is way too many for this place .
looked and tasted like cardboard .
would not recommend to anyone .
this place was alright i wasn't fully satisfied .
i don't recommend it to no one .
cheap place to stay .
decent bad , clean bathrooms .
customer service was terrible .
advertised as free wi-fi , but terribly slow .
buffett in the hotel was cheap and good though .
wife and i checked in tonight for a sunday .
i just don't feel very safe there anymore .
just horrible service everywhere .
i would not stay here on vacation .
never ever consider this hotel for stay .
please stay away from this place .
this place is not even worth a try .
but we didn't end up using it .
there 's no elevators .
welcome to hell on earth .
please don't make the same mistake i did !
simply checking into the hotel was a horrific experience .
do not stay here .
honestly , so disgusting .
you would be better off sleeping on the street .
don't ever stay here for any reason .
it was old and disgusting !
they were not apologetic at all .
expedia is soooo apologetic .
smoke smell in the hallways .
very dead looking and atmosphere casino .
bad ventilation and machines don't pay .
still , i gave it a try .
nothing else looked edible .
that 's how bad this buffet was today .
the room was not safe especially for my kids .
the place is nothing but a motel .
worst experience in vegas ever : / .
i have never been more insulted .
i was very disappointed !
purchased the courtyard deal on groupon .
pay extra and stay elsewhere .
paint was peeling off around windows .
i have never stayed here and never will .
got two smoking rooms with no couches .
don't think i'll be staying there ever again .
but take my advice , avoid the hotel !
we didn't eat because it just all looked unappealing .
doubt i'll be back .
this place is terrible .
i can not speak on the hotel .
not big into gambling here .
prices are low and quality even lower .
if you prefer something different look elsewhere .
the staff is rude and condescending ( victor ) .
don't even get me started .
the room doesn't even have a refrigerator ?
i will not return to this hotel .
do not stay here .
they will find every way to rip you off .
these rooms are disgusting .
did not want to sleep in this place .
the room was dirty and out dated .
stations n mgm fucking killed this town .
the shower was disgusting and the sink was clogged .
will not be staying here again .
but i wouldn't recommend staying at this hotel .
i couldn't have been more wrong .
no microwave , no coffee in room .
tv , bed and bathroom .
the casino is dated .
restaurants food is terrible .
i wouldn't recommend this hotel .
when we arrived to our room it was disgusting !
i had a room in the " courtyard " .
even so , we could still smell smoke .
there is no fridge or microwave .
not even a coffee pot in the room .
you get what you pay for !
but the beds suck .
felt like sleeping in springs , and no comforter .
also the shower head was way too short .
slot machines don't pay up .
smoky mess with questionable towels and pillow cases .
non-smoking rooms are not enough in this tower .
i was not pleased .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone .
this wasn't that big of a deal .
they're completely worn and stained .
no continental breakfast , no refrigerator , no microwave .
everything was old looking and outdated !
then they charge me extra for resort ?
worst experience i have ever had .
really old school and smells weird .
we found bed bugs , which was very disgusting .
walked in and wasn't greeted or even acknowledged .
hotels are supposed to make their customers feel welcomed .
the ac didn't work well , my luck .
but regardless they shouldn't have lost anything .
out with my daughter , we wanted a buffet .
it wasn't horrible , it was not good .
blah i'd probably fairly accurate .
i won't take my daughter back there .
but my route changed last minute .
which they are not responsible for ; suck !
waste of money and energy .
this place is a rip off .
as we all know .
also , conveniently , it is open quite late .
to be fair , the food was mediocre .
i barely eat even chicken eggs .
eggs gross me out .
they were fine but no sauce came with them .
even the kimchee was bland !
not one single thing impressed me .
most everything was bland .
don't believe the hype .
it was confusing and did not make sense .
poor service , again .
call it poor seating , being unorganized ?
from the wall is not my cup of tea .
are you kidding me ?
not even a 1/4 full dining room ?
no reserve signs on the tables ?
customer service is pretty bad .
you could say that the price is pretty cheap .
the honey toast dessert is no big deal either .
but i never believed the talk until i left .
too cramped for my taste .
maybe we just didn't know what to order .
i barely finished 1/3 of it .
i also ordered some kind of diced tuna salad .
i don't eat raw egg of any kind !
lastly was the famous honey toast .
the ice cream was too too sweet .
even the other cooked food was horrible .
this was not even close .
am i not deserve for a damn ramen ?
honey toast dessert is totally overrated .
red snapper carpaccio is kind of weird .
did not end up ordering more .
will not be back unless accompanied by a pro !
i said , no thanks .
i just want to pay and get out .
after that everything goes downhill from there .
and they messed up our order too .
so never again ichiza .
why can't i get a menu ?
the service is mediocre at best .
i could never quite put my finger on it .
but roach crawling on wall was disgusting .
she didn't seem to care .
everything else was just mediocre .
i hate changing my review .
i actually have n't done it before .
i mean , gone gone .
and it was terrible .
the ramen was nasty .
sometimes a restaurant has a bad night .
but something was wrong here .
however , this time around everything fell short !
ichiza is no longer the only place for izakaya !
tonight however , i had the worst experience !
i am so disappointed !
there are no reservations !
i can't stand this rude service anymore .
the quality has gone downhill !
gets worse every time i come here .
i was completely ignored .
well what a damn disappointment !
it was way too sweet and just gross .
the yellow tail sashimi was alright too .
i guess ichiza isnt for everyone .
this place is overrated .
my expectations were way too high .
service isn't professional , either .
actually , this is why i keep going here .
not worth the wait .
overall , highly overrated - your foodie sf yelper .
but a little watery and not very interesting .
bad experience without even eating here .
never once were we greeted .
im the first in my party to get there .
at this point , i get the picture .
don't see why we couldn't just all pay separate .
food isn't made with much attention .
will i ever go here again probably not .
my sister went upstairs and talked to her .
this place is disgusting .
i have never gotten such worse service !
i decide not to go this restaurant anymore .
she did not do anything either .
the owner 's attitude is even worth to hell .
sorry , we are run all out . "
all their skewers were hard to eat as well .
but when it came , it looked quite awful .
the beef carpaccio was too oily .
seriously , the smell is disgusting .
i don't get it .
it was so slimy and weird !
overall , i will certainly never be returning .
flavorful , not dry .
overall , not a place for rolls .
stick to entrees maybe ?
i wasn't sure i could stand it .
would not recommend to anyone .
not worth the bad service .
the flavors just isn't there .
good food ridiculously bad service .
this place really went downhill since last year .
it used to be my favorite place .
but the service is getting really bad .
the only good dish for me was the cod .
food looked bomb but it wasn't even that good.
they don't know how to season anything .
the yellowtail tasted old and tough .
long story short a couple of things happened .
the food quality has dropped off noticeably as well .
service - not very professional .
this place is cheap .
overall the atmosphere here is weak .
the tables and chairs are poor quality .
i'm so disappointed this time .
the food was terrible .
dirty restaurant and bad food .
this is no longer the case .
the food is terrible .
will not be back .
the pork ramen was very flavorless .
the beef carpaccio wasn't very good at all .
spend ur money elsewhere .
my husband and i just left this store .
it seemed like we we were annoying them .
i gave this low rating for one simple reason .
the female salespeople there are awful .
i hate going in there when they are there .
freaking karaoke host really ?
don't go here , incompetent employees !
she made it sound urgent to get this done .
don't take your car here .
i've never met a company like this before .
diagnosis - now my alternator doesn't work .
this is not my first problem with these people .
the test said the block was fine .
now the car runs fine with no cooling problems .
the managers have no people skills .
dont waste your time .
the foot massage was even worse .
the bad : where do i start .
have been growing more disappointed with each visit .
plus this place is freezing .
had a plain cheese pizza .
very poor customer service .
very poor customer service by the owner .
in short , nothing special .
closest thing to nyc pizza this valley had .
same mediocre las vegas pizza .
and not in a good way .
won't be going back for a while .
it was loud due to the live band playing .
boo for the bitter bartender .
other than that it's a pretty empty beer bar .
old , cold and greasy food .
egg custard tart not good .
ham and cheese bun not good .
get them while they're hot , though .
after grabbing a banh mi over at mr .
unfortunately , they were dry , dry , dry .
the chicken itself has no flavor .
i could only eat half of it .
horrible service and rude staff .
bad customer service and the bread are not fresh .
god this place really is going i downhill .
they can't even change the color of the icing .
ruined my birthday cake .
the initial consultation and work sent well .
she's got an attitude problem .
i will not be back .
or perhaps this place just sucks .
the most horrible experience i've ever had .
this place should be on dirty dining !
i was really excited to try this place .
rude as hell to my brother .
that 's my rant .
this place shady as fuck .
the drinks are cheap .
the music was so loud .
guy fieri got this one wrong .
my pizza was getting cold .
when we were greeted it was impersonal and cold .
the employees are rude and inconsiderate .
not even one star !
no damage and none noted on exit lease .
cabinets are original and gross .
zero stars for this business !
my refrigerator is dead .
sure doesn't seem like it .
pretty stupid move imo .
do the math , you arrogant " princess " !
like i said , i too have photos !
they also have poor reviews on google too .
they can't come by positive reviews on their own .
pretty stupid move imo .
feel free to try again though .
the satay sauce barely tasted of any satay .
overall , a huge disappointment .
yeah , didn't even walk us over .
strike three = the " food " sucked .
the lo mein noodles smelled like fish .
the fried rice was bland .
no amount of soy sauce could help it out .
the tables can't be clean .
too much oil in their food .
i got sick from here .
waiter was somewhat rude .
one can't eat buffets in vegas everyday !
all the other dishes were ordinary .
there was more roast pork than duck .
are you kidding me ?
don't waste your time & money .
on top of bad services .
no go for sam woo lv .
the roast duck was the only good thing there !
bland all the way !
apparently they don't need my business .
roast pork and duck taste ok .
also they do not take credit cards .
just avoid this place .
what the hell happened ?
the roasted duck was awesome .
the prices are comparable to casino restaurants .
i'm sucker for asian food !
they are very cheap with their meats .
the chicken wasn't as flavorful as i was hoping .
all of it was mediocre at best .
they can accommodate a large party and it's cheap !
i will definetly never return to here again .
avoid this place at all costs .
they do not make good or even decent food .
apparently that place is sam woo bbq .
the rice has too much water .
it was a lot of money for average food .
the half duck didn't include any breast meat .
it only included the worst parts of the duck .
duck breast meat bones are flat and long .
what 's even worse is the taste gone downhill !
no one dish is half way decent .
so they messed up our combo bbq order .
and it was still wrong !
did they not understand english ?
crap , crap , and major crap !
food is extremely short of bad .
and gave us a nasty look .
service was crappy as well .
a waiter just killed it and walked away .
mediocre food , bad service , and unsanitary overall !
none of the servers do .
oh btw , this restaurant takes cash only .
worst chinese resturant in las vegas .
food is mediocre and service is horrible .
she brought over the very waiter who ignored us .
no shrimp or minced pork or mushroom .
how do they stay in business ?
sam woo was our second stop .
things were obviously very disorganized .
it was so rude .
food was epic failure .
the garlic shrimp was terrible !
avoid at all cost .
location : typical chinese restaurant .
and quite simply put , not worth it .
the only thing worth mentioning was the soup .
the ginger chicken was terribly dry .
but i'm never coming back to this place .
why cant i give them no stars ?
the meal itself , was adequate .
i wanted something cheap and delicious .
i really can not recommend this place .
the place is not tidy and clean .
if you want better service , avoid this place .
i have nothing to praise other than the duck .
the price and quality just does not match up .
this is worst restaurant ever .
it ruined my vegas trip .
i'm very disappointed with sam woo .
we ordered the combo ; duck pork and chicken .
i honestly could finish the whole thing alone .
then we didn't get our rice .
what a disappointment ending to our trip .
the food here was totally inedible and ridiculously pricey .
the service is horrible !
one star is too much for them !
this place was terrible !
this is one of the worse restaurants ever !
i would not reccomend this place at all !
i'm so disappointed in this sam woo !
i would stick with the bbq items here .
i was so disappointed and pissed after eating here .
fried rice and flounder fish was okay .
but these dishes were so off .
are you fucking kidding me ?
the servers and their attitude was really awful .
i won't be back .
this probably the worst one out of all .
duck and pork were old and dried .
however , it really is nothing special .
oh yeah , and this place is cash only .
service is subpar , even for our low standards .
barely any pork or egg .
rude service and the food is nasty .
" its coming out , wait . "
on top of that it was cold .
that is my major complaint .
the waiters were arrogant with a bad attitude .
the food was lousy and expensive .
worst sam woo bbq .
service is lousy and food is awful .
plates and utensils are dirty .
the crab soup was bland .
this place is dirty and the service is slow .
this place is ridiculously overpriced .
there were mass people everywhere with no organization .
quite possibly the worst service ever experienced .
oh , ps , the food stinks .
i ordered chicken wontons and chicken with mushrooms .
the chicken and broccoli was not good !
bad service and nothing special about it.
for a chinese restaurant , this place is overpriced .
just another sam woo with bad service !
the food not so great .
oh god , what was i thinking ?
the bbq pork here lacks flavor .
the pepper salt chicken was nasty .
cash only , always apathetic wait staff .
this place sucks totally overpriced and service is terrible .
the highlight cash only haha .
no stars if possible , but min .
- the food tastes so-so .
i mean , really ?
as we were leaving , a lady ( hostess ?
i don't know if you can call it decor .
+ food came out very fast .
- extremely rude service .
this place is crap .
the joint was pretty empty except for two tables .
don't go here unless its the last option .
food was too expensive for what it was .
house chow mein was not very good .
very expensive tourist trap .
the food is pure crap .
do not go to this restaurant !
i'll leave the rest of the details out .
now the service is horrible .
this makes completely no sense .
never again will i be coming here .
sam woo in los angeles is better .
food not good enough to come back .
no wonder their reviews are so low .
shitty service = no tip .
what the hell , we just down .
how the hell did he deserve that !
he said no , that it was duck .
this place is dirty and the service are bad .
thought i would try sam woo in china town .
food was good but service was very bad .
you have permanently lost my business .
the server is extremely rude .
if you can , avoid dining there .
but this place is disgusting .
their noodle sauce was sooooooo bland .
their service is terrible .
the worst chinese restaurant i've ever been to .
this place gives sam woo a bad name .
unless you want to get rip off !
sam woo in las vegas should be avoided .
no wonder nobody was here on a saturday night .
my advice , don't eat here .
i will not recommend this restaurant .
ok this place is just plain nasty .
i really would rather go to panda express !
not good at all .
then the following day we were all sick .
the water tasted old and the food tasted microwaved .
the only thing that was good was the service .
are you kidding me ?
this sam woo restaurant location is ridiculous !
disgusting food for a ridiculous price !
it was soggy and not to mention tasteless .
ridiculous over charge for bad service .
do not recommend anyone .
the food is not good .
our hopes were very very wrong .
walnut shrimp was terrible !
the service is beyond horrid , the food bland .
save your money ( and the atm fees ) .
this one in vegas is by far the worst .
the beef chow fun is lacking in beef .
he just ignored me and turned around .
same with the pork .
the taste was just as worse as the appearance .
both duck and pork were dry .
such a waste of money .
never will i ever step foot in that place !
shop around to other places for a better experience .
service is so slow and terrible .
worst food and service !
i just left this place with my boyfriend !
really really bad service !
btw , the kitchen is dirty !
avoid this place at all costs .
too much oil and msg .
and none of it was good .
the beef chow fun was greasy and bland .
not to mention it was so bland .
they also add the tip to your bill .
so don't even bother tipping them on the table .
not like it's worth it anyway .
overall , a super disappointing and expensive meal .
don't recommend coming here lol .
not worth the wait .
the place looks very dirty .
other than that , stay away from here .
we won't come back to this place again .
this place is horrible .
we should 've checked the reviews before coming .
they just took the raw wontons out .
pan fried noodle with beef again completely raw .
i will never dine here again .
overpriced and the part that wasn't raw taste awful .
service is also horrible .
all in all , this place is pretty terrible .
horrible service and overpriced dishes !
a waste of calories .
of i could give zero stars i would !
probably the worst service i've ever received !
but the service was horrible .
bad choice coming here for lunch .
both dishes lack flavor .
chow fun dish was average , nothing special .
sever think i put the smell into the bowl .
by far the worse sam woo .
today 's experience was just unacceptable .
i walked out , checked the bags .
it s ridiculous and rude !
what asian restaurant doesn't have that !
i will not be back when we visit vegas .
one of the bags started leaking .
disgusted , i left .
just do not eat here !
they served me raw wontons and didn't apologize .
there are better chinese restaurants in the area .
worst place to eat in vegas .
awful service and bad food .
not recommended for an authentic chinese restaurant .
not to mention this place is cash only .
but thats not what pissed me off the most .
the worst service i've ever had in the states .
also , they accepted cash only .
unfortunately the broth and the wontons lacked flavor .
but the roast pork was delish .
won't be visiting here anymore .
well , simply put , there is no comparison .
just thought the duck was cool .
the food they served was bland .
had poor customer service and got our orders wrong .
generally this place is going downhill for the service .
i was so wrong !
so gross , i left .
worst dinning experience ever !
then when the food came , it was bland .
wasn't too fond of the food , quite bland .
food was ready in about fifteen minutes .
we had all lost our appetite .
guess what 's more ridiculous ?
the waiter just had a nasty attitude .
don't waste your money on this overpriced garbage .
the fried rice was mediocre at best .
workers were very rude and unhelpful .
portions were okay , will not be returning again .
bottom line , never coming back .
i'm better off at panda express down the street .
maybe a quality control problem ?
i get chili with nothing .
i don't get the croutons with my salad .
that is with no cheese .
this place sucks and the service blows .
thumbs down for this wendy 's !
the bathroom is never clean .
management here is ridiculous and doesn't care .
those employees are making wendy 's look bad !
and don't get me started on the actual employees .
the little diamonds on the band started falling off .
since then i have had zero problems .
this went on for four weeks .
she insisted that it was mine .
i left with a bad feeling .
granted , this was an unusual cleaning order .
i really should have been told what to expect .
so i called immediately to let soon know .
i feel like i was totally ripped off .
( open all weekend so why so long ) .
it yo fault for being so dirty .
you ruin comforter " .
pay lots of fees ?
want the worst customer service possible ?
she was very dry and not very helpful .
a complete waste of time and money .
someone was bleeding in the packed waiting room .
not a good place to go for an emergency .
the nurses wouldn't check on him .
plus , the nurses are very rude and defensive .
what the hell is wrong with you people !
they just left me there .
patients are n't notified .
my list goes on for day 's !
do not go to umc .
i went back for x-rays and an ultrasound .
are you kidding me ?
she has no idea what 's going on .
emergency room dirty and packed .
nurses in er especially erin was awesome .
they did not treat her with any respect .
umc is terrible at keeping family members informed .
the worst day of my life was here .
they waited too long and sent him home .
this emergency room is the worst .
you guys are n't going to get your money .
i was taken here by my boyfriend .
don't come here , they just want your money .
bad service and a headache to follow .
gave him hella attitude .
zero stars if i could .
i do not recommend going there for your children .
worst experience of my life .
negative stars if i could !
i was beyond pissed .
but they never gave him a chair or anything .
never again will i go to umc .
that doesn't even mention how horribly they fed me .
this place is a pile of garbage .
the hospitals here in las vegas are just crap .
worst hospital restroom i have ever been to .
the wait time is a joke .
and im not joking .
sadly i have been here and admitted multiple times .
screw you i'm not a liar .
i have nothing to hide .
some garbage ( black jerk .
the worst hospital i have ever been to .
worst towing company in the vegas area .
they are completely rude on the phone !
if i could give negative stars , i would .
completely rude and unhelpful over the phone .
what a total scam .
worst costumer service ever .
they towed my car from my home .
this can not be legal .
this place is horrible !
this is very late at night already .
but they wouldn't let me go look for it .
are you kidding me ?
absolutely the worst company in las vegas .
they are total crooks .
thank god walmart and smiths don't have similar policies .
i could not believe how rude these women were .
the worst of the worst !
wish i could give zero stars .
absolutely the worst experience ever .
avoid this company at all costs !
do not use this tow co !
i smell something fishy !
the staff was rude and unhelpful .
are you fucking kidding me ?
whoever they have answering the phones should be fired .
she's an extremely rude bitch .
this place is just ok .
we repeatedly asked our waters to be filled .
korean food is not cheap by any means .
we ate here on thursday night recently at 9pm .
the place was dead .
i doubt it though .
i'm sorry but this place was just awful .
i wish i checked reviews before we went !
first , let me comment on something else .
no more all you can eat !
the side dishes were the most disappointing part .
the meat was bland .
worse bulgogi i have ever eaten .
dry and no taste .
very very very disappointed .
no more all you can eat .
too expensive for the quality of meat they serve .
sad to admit that i ate here .
the food had very little to no flavor .
don't bother buying the seafood pancake .
it was thick dough and no seafood .
the soft tofu soup tasted like water no seasoning !
the only positive point was it was clean .
the fish was very dry and overcooked .
side dishes : seriously ?
there are too many to choose from !
korean garden used to be good - not anymore .
overpriced and just plain mediocre at best .
in addition , the bulgogi had absolutely no flavor .
banchan was ok - i've definitely gotten better .
don't be fooled of how the pictures look !
share from the same bowl ?
will not go back !
you are basically forgotten when sitting in .
avoid if you can !
bad experience and angry feeling .
i wouldn't even give this restaurant one star .
the restaurant was empty .
another ten minutes to order our drinks .
she said it was not allowed .
her tone was not pleasant at all .
the meat was too thin and possibly old .
leave this place to fail .
third the quality of the food was horrible .
meat was rubbery and plenty of fat .
servers are helpful at first then they ignore you .
go to tofu hut instead .
food not really good , not recommend !
the meat just tasted old .
bulgogi meat was tough and bland .
and worst there was roaches on the wall gross .
worst customer service ever .
i'm pretty sure they noticed how unhappy we were .
same thing happened with the rice bowls .
won't come here again .
the service is not the best .
it was not worth it in the end .
i would suggest a better service .
we ate here tonight .
the service was bad .
they did not assist us in cooking our food .
i will not eat there anymore !
worst customer service ever !
not a family oriented place to bring your kids .
owner blamed my niece cause ppl were walking out .
food was bad too .
i'm never coming here again .
it was a terrible experience .
this place has gotten terrible .
not a big fan .
the service is horrible !
it was the same issue : bad service .
this place had the worst customer service ever !
still nothing coming out .
this place is gross .
overall , i did not have a good experience .
meat was not fresh .
we chose korean garden bbq .
terrible , overall terrible restaurant .
didn't give us napkins , no chopsticks !
terrible , terrible , terrible service !
i don't even know where to start , really .
i was shocked , i really was .
the food was okay , not so impressed .
worst dining experience ever !
this is not the end .
service is so slow , it's unbelievable and unacceptable .
has gone down hill .
service is slow and portions are small .
the flavoring on the meet wasn't good .
the sides are very limited .
on the bright side , staff was friendly .
they need an excuse for that gratuity .
i probably would not be back anymore .
three of us ate here .
not friendly at all .
the bulgogi didn't have much seasoning .
avoid this place at all cost !
terrible meat quality ; limited , blend side dishes .
personally , there 's not much options .
it was extremely slow on a saturday evening .
the bulgogi and angus rib finger were very similar .
pork belly is very thick and dry .
everything else was ok .
and they get burnt faster too .
overall , i'd rather eat elsewhere .
do they not like customers ?
do they not want to make money ?
big , big mistake .
the girls were so-so , nothing special .
gross , nasty , disgusting .
avoid at all costs .
and it's in the ghetto .
friendly bouncers ( not a good thing ) .
you're not gon na find it here .
that totally threw me off .
it couldn't have been a good sign .
but it was a saturday night in vegas !
horrible and smelled really bad .
can't say enough bad things about this place .
this place is pretty sketchy .
don't go to this club !
this place sucks balls .
prices here never seem to be what 's advertised .
the girls are never as hot as i expect .
you are required to buy two minimum overpriced drinks .
but lets not jump the gun .
which by the way where horrible .
bottom line there are better place to go .
but the stories that left the place where priceless .
for one , looks are just a plus .
are you kidding me ?
i'll take my money elsewhere .
i was referred to this guy by another dentist .
unless you have money to burn .
not a real magazine .
ate here the other weekend with family .
however the food is extremely over-priced and very bland .
the sauces were very bland .
it was not even salted .
i'm not even kidding you , that actually happened .
neither of us were happy .
there were no happy plates .
so , skip it .
absolutely one of our worst dining experiences .
i said no but could explain what happened .
she said she new what happened and walked away .
wtf then why bother us .
not an apology nothing just walks away .
too bad they didn't bring forks to share .
don't waste your money .
the poor bartender does everything here .
they don't comp your drinks at the bar .
why so long you ask ?
outback has better steak then this place .
side of broccoli extremely undercooked .
i was very disappointed !
unfortunately , i wasn't impressed .
the waiter had a pretentious attitude , .
we will never patronize this establishment again .
but your waiter won't be back again for anything .
want a refill on your soda ?
old school steakhouse off the strip near downtown .
the service however , was extremely lacking .
wine list was just ok .
i don't need this garbage .
guess who isn't taking any clients here anymore ?
that 's not acceptable at the prices they charge .
the real problem is the food .
wow , was very disappointed .
not that i mind the prices .
not too happy with this place .
the service was hands down the worst ever .
hands down the worst service i've ever had .
i was sooo wrong .
don't restaurants make a mint on alcohol sales ?
, and the removal of dirty plates never happened .
as for the desert - forget it !
in closing , id skip golden steer .
i'm only glad i didnt pay for anything .
would not go back .
the decor is very old school vegas .
dine here at your own risk !
, and the food was simply horrible .
to me it tasted like pee !
i spit the bite into my napkin .
she didn't like it .
as an alternative , he offered another drink instead .
i didn't want another drink .
but not the golden steer .
not as good as usual , but good .
no complaints about the food .
no hostess around to ask to call a cab .
they are not busy on a saturday night .
how convenient there was a groupon as well !
didn't take a drink order .
spent our anniversary weekend in vegas with another couple .
ya well not like that this was burnt .
could not cut it with a fork burnt .
this bitch makes a mistake i got ta fix ?
he responded very quickly like he was expecting it .
had eaten here before and were delighted .
can not say the same about tonight .
will not be back .
i am a las vegas local .
this place has the worst wait staff in town .
worst creamed spinach ever .
just can't get past the rude waiter .
don't waste your time .
the baked potato was a baked potato .
i wish there was a space for zero stars .
this place failed on many levels tonight .
nobody i know will ever dine here .
the service wasn't very good .
none were particularly friendly .
i really really wanted to like golden steer .
the golden steer is neither .
nothing to write home about .
again , nothing special here .
this was a huge disappointment for us .
the dessert cheesecake was very plain .
i was not a huge fan of this place .
the servers were curt and not very friendly .
i was a bit disappointed with this restaurant .
i rather visit the steakhouses mentioned above anytime .
i was very embarrassed .
this resturant is very over rated .
no quality check before serving the meal .
the location for this place sucks .
i didn't finish mine at all .
service was very poor .
this place is horrible .
the restaurant smell like it's burning plastic !
lost my appetite afterward .
the so call chick of angel is nasty !
also it was terrible .
my mistake " he said .
from top to bottom the whole experience was terrible .
service : bad and got worse : .
( seriously no local craft beers ? )
no seasoning and it was tough and quite chewy .
no check-in by anyone after the food came .
as vegas locals , we've been here several times .
would not come back here .
nobody brought me a menu or even acknowledged me .
this is very disappointing .
the rest was mediocre at best .
the salad was awful , and the asparagus ok .
the atmosphere didn't disappoint .
unfortunately , everything else did .
over priced and the service was lacking .
i ended up just being disappointed .
caesar salad had no anchovies .
a lot of potential , but failed in execution .
plus the location is horrible .
sure isn't what it used to be .
way overpriced mediocre food .
it's edible but not special any more .
but ok , why not .
but it's ok because you won't see it anyway .
it's way too much for what it's worth .
great service food is just mediocre .
the service and the food were mediocre at best .
we will not be back .
don't know how this chain stays in business .
it just comes from poor or no management .
waste of time and money .
no stars , no stars , no stars !
why waste my time you morons !
the technicians were nice but service was horrible .
it was pretty amazing at the failure they had .
and yes , i was angry .
two weeks goes by and nothing .
they ran it for a week with no problems .
terrible service and unprofessional technicians .
talked to this company .
the guy was extremely rude and unprofessional .
the technician didn't show up .
no phone call at all from the company .
do not use this company .
shame on this company .
please do not use this company .
the guy comes in to diagnose the dishwasher problem .
long story short , technician shows up next morning .
yeah , no thanks .
avoid the bad attitude and incompetence and go elsewhere .
i support cuz its not a chain .
i'm sure there are better breakfasts in lv .
hubby ordered chicken fried steak and banana bread .
i guess people have no taste buds !
how lame you can't do substitutions on omelets .
screw this crappy place , i won't be back !
that was almost ten minutes .
this place was highly rated but a complete dump .
ingredients also included turkey , guacamole and jack cheese .
the whole place smells like dirty grease .
to bad i was dissapointed .
first let down was coffee .
i love diner coffee but this was weak tea .
the worst coffee in , lv ?
the service sucked that star away though .
she replied she would send someone over .
every thing people say about the service is true .
just like my first visit with another old lady .
our dishes were delicious , don't get me wrong .
boy what a disappointment .
and though i new the potatoes were home chips .
they tasted stale and were not crunchy .
not one of my better breakfast choices .
never refilled our drinks .
nasty , canned food .
this place gives large portions of flavorless mushy food .
the toast was dry .
i just wasn't impressed .
not sure what went wrong today .
sadly i don't remember her name .
go down the street to the egg and i .
manager is very loud when ordering tables clean .
uncomfortable feeling to say the least .
it wasn't terrible , but it was not good .
my wife ordered sausage and eggs .
this was the worst service i have ever received .
guess they weren't " honest " enough either .
my food was good but my moms food wasn't .
here 's the worse part .
i couldn't even believe it .
nothing to write home about .
are you freaking kidding me ?
our drinks were never refilled .
the server was rude .
this was the worst experience here ever .
so , first off ?
stay away from western commercial !
the next day my walk-in cooler went down .
however , beer prices were down right lame .
the brown , soggy fries were pretty awful .
the calzones were pretty good though .
the location is so totally out of the way .
i am never ever going back there .
it puts the whole community to shame .
someone should turn the ventilation system on .
this is not a very lively gay bar .
i had a terrible experience with them .
had a bad experience with them .
their website is not user friendly at all .
i should have gone with my gut feeling .
no bell trans for me - ever !
our drive to the hotel sucked !
but we didn't guess how bad it could be .
i won't be using this service again .
apparently the driver was in the wrong spot .
taxis are n't that expensive .
well , it's not all that bad .
i would recommend only the airport to hotel transfer .
but don't buy round trip transfer with them .
shuttle could 've been cleaner too .
some of the drivers work harder than others .
2pm pick up -- 5pm drop off .
no tip for them !
they ripped me off !
do not use bell trans !
they will rip you off !
bad experience this time .
my stop was then last on the route .
wish i could give negative stars .
said one should be there in 5-7 min .
ruined the last couple of hours of our vacation .
another thing about las vegas : it's hot .
yelpers , do not use bell trans !
our ride back to the airport was even worse .
because he drove three miles in the wrong direction !
bell trans almost made us miss our flight !
customer service was awful !
negative stars have never been more appropriate .
don't use this place .
avoid this place like the black plague .
note : i've taken the shuttle service in seattle .
never ever take this shuttle .
staff was totally unprofessional .
unfortunately , we bought round trip tickets .
the return trip , however , was a nightmare .
at that point i lost it .
this company is an epic failure .
bell transportation is the worst !
they deserve zero stars .
no one else could smell it .
almost missed my flight .
worst worst worst experience with them .
their customer service is awful .
just not taking any responsibility .
bell trans is very frustrating .
clearly i picked the wrong shuttle company .
this is vegas baby !
booked a shuttle bus for our wedding .
i am very disappointed .
my party bus for my bday was ruined !
the driver could drive .
he was horrible with the brakes .
the phone attendant was awful and rude .
she had a horrible attitude .
loved vegas but hated the limo drivers !
do not use this shuttle service !
horrible customer service and totally unreliable .
late , late , late .
a complete waste of time and money .
never refunded me for a shuttle that never showed .
don't use this service .
they are a disorganized mess at the airport .
this was the absolute worst experience ever !
very hard to find after getting off the plane .
i replied instantly no reply from them .
i called corporate number , nobody cared .
worst damn shuttle service i have ever had .
the price is great but everything else is terrible .
bell trans is the absolute worst !
worst shuttle service ever !
nasty dance music and dispatch radio way too loud .
so , so bad .
just left us there without a care .
never again bell trans .
if i could give no stars i would .
i asked why they are charging me extra .
there goes the tip for the driver .
neither of them offer anything .
spend the extra money and get a cab .
takes way too long !
our ride to the airport was absolutely miserable .
driver wayne was late and rude .
should have read the reviews before buying a ticket .
edit : hi nicole - i responded with details .
driver was good , but company was not .
won't be using them again .
not sure why anyone uses this awful service .
if i could give them a zero !
it's not worth saving the money !
selected through alaska airlines as an option .
never again bell transportation .
don't use this service !
dont waste your money here .
1:30 and still no bus .
sending me into the wall in front of me .
i don't care if it's your first day .
won't make that mistake again .
finally , our driver was incredibly annoying .
what a horrible freaking experience .
they wouldnt even have showed if i didnt call .
completely unprofessional and inappropriate .
i would give zero stars if allowed .
offered and refused a refund ?
bell trans was the worst airport shuttle service ever !
bell trans would not credit my credit card .
the taxi was only a couple dollars more .
moral of the story - never use bell trans !
never will i ever shuttle with bell trans again .
never will i ever shuttle with bell trans again !
avoid this lousy company at all costs .
worst shuttle service ever !
cheap yes but no personality .
don't waste your time .
staff is either rude or dismissive .
they did not care at all .
do not trust trust this company .
not a reliable company .
do not use this business .
horrible service and explanation .
rude drivers and late service .
so hung up the phone line .
lousy , lousy way to end my vacation .
john is a terrible example of poor customer service .
barely made my flight .
take bell trans only one way .
the worst car service in las vegas !
upper management is rude & they don't care .
the hole time our phones were off .
this service is completely unacceptable .
it's empty so we likely were forgotten .
don't go on vacation .
do not use this service !
always late & slow .
looks like we'll miss our flight .
to start it was extremely difficult to find .
do not use for airport shuttle .
don't buy two way ticket .
i didn't mind this .
( proof of bad customer service . )
i am beyond disgusted .
do not use this service .
all in all , terrible experience to the hotel .
nothing too complicated , so i thought .
but this shuttle service is extremely inconvenient and unreliable .
if i could give them zero stars i would .
drivers rude and late !
confusing voucher system for pick up and drop off !
luckily , i caught a taxi .
i'd miss my flight if i believed them .
he never apologize for being rude or anything .
worst shuttle ever i will never use them again .
it was my bad experience .
i never had this shit experience before !
coming back to the airport was hell !
again , no big deal , just annoying .
our mistake was purchasing a return ticket .
got the the airport , which was virtually empty !
i would not use this shuttle service again .
very poor customer service .
irritating , but we didn't say anything .
there was no means to reach a human being .
bottom line , save yourself the headache and stress .
pickup at airport was smooth .
no way to talk to anyone .
next stop was the mirage .
which was extremely embarrassing .
shuttle from hotel to airport did not show .
can i do zero stars ?
the worst worst worst .
avoid at all costs .
do not patronize this company .
i appreciated that but was annoyed they were late .
can i give zero stars ?
this was the worst .
booked round trip transfer from airport to mgm grand .
my second service rep was rude as can be .
no shuttle was coming anytime soon .
the service was disorganized and inefficient .
worst ever shuttle service !
poor customer service , poor planning .
and there was no sign of the shuttle .
center pieces were expensive and boring .
my bouquet was pathetic , small and dirty .
or any other company would 've done better .
so far , extremely disappointed .
the worst iron company in the west .
we can not recommend this company to anyone .
do not do business with this company .
i am so disappointed with my experience .
he wouldn't leave me a bid either .
won't be calling them again .
phone operator there very rude as well .
unfortunately their work is not consistent .
and still isn't really what we wanted .
has it been turning this way for awhile ?
we probably wouldn't be having this issue .
i will not recommend your company .
i find this very unprofessional .
there is no doubt that we owe you one .
goodbye robert , you blew it .
don't waste time here .
didn't say hi or talked at all .
worst haircut i have ever received .
worst service i have ever had in my life .
soon after i walked out mad and disappointed !
i don't write reviews often but this was terrible .
ask for a zero fade .
walked in everyone just stared .
two weeks later , no water .
no thanks , we want it gone now .
this company needs to run like a business .
i was very unhappy with this company .
i only know that we did not get them .
overpriced and unfair money hungry individuals .
i find it pathetic !
difficult would be how i describe the experience .
a week later , still no call .
apparently , i was wrong .
the owner doesn't either .
don't know what the story is with this company .
they apparently don't need any new business !
immediately , the guys said they had a problem .
he never called me back .
so far very disappointed in their service .
the first time the guy wrote it down wrong .
they don't keep appointments at all .
* the window is a standard size .
much cheaper than any art stores like michael 's .
this place doesn't know how to schedule appointments !
this place doesn't know how to confirm appointments !
this place doesn't know how to return calls !
don't bother wasting your time with these people .
horrible , just horrible !
i'm very disappointed that they forgot again my ingredients .
no vinegar , oil , peppers , onions .
they refused to serve us tap water .
you know what i hate about this place ?
this place was really gross .
to bad there wasn't a zero star .
capriotti 's is just not for me .
it just doesn't make sense to me .
nothing else looked or sounded appealing either .
the staff is completely incompetent .
but not much flavor .
bread was chewy and a little stale .
my wife got the cole turkey .
or maybe the turkey .
i wouldn't go back .
i didnt try the bobby .
ended up going to mcdonalds which is pretty sad .
i am extremely disgusted and horrified .
nothing special or interesting .
the selection of sandwiches is not big .
the bread was too dry and stale .
it was not what i expected .
this ruined my sandwich for me .
this is a major problem !
my complaint has nothing to do with the sandwiches .
however , they are lazy !
like holy shit , is it that hard ?
the owner juan is dishonest to customers .
possibly still the wrong window .
you have been warned .
never gave me correct amounts on anything .
bad customer service , dishonest , and bad results .
and then proceeded to hang up on me .
this was a complete waste of money .
not worth the trouble !
i wouldn't recommend these guys at all .
what a waste of our time and our money .
great products but rude .
sadly this place was not really one of them .
not a good sign .
so far i'm pretty disappointed .
is this a real office or her home ?
appliances are being repaired onsite .
the appliances are n't really clean either .
i didn't like it .
this place really doesn't have much selection .
there is just a lot of empty space .
i've been a loyal macy 's customer for years .
not gon na happen .
this place should not be called presidential limo .
for real , this is vegas .
still , i wouldn't go with them again .
apologies , blah , blah , blah .
7pm rolls around , no roses .
no big deal , we call the number .
it's old , it's ugly , ugh .
we hop in and then we see the mess .
i wouldn't recommend this company to my worst enemy .
you should never have to wait for your driver .
i then called supervisor , no supervisor in duty .
-- clearly , someone stole my credit card number .
somewhat still a fan but our driver was horrible .
at this point , i was confused .
by that point , it was close to 9pm .
there are much better limo services out in lv .
i wouldn't choose this one again ever .
i would not recommend this limo company .
we walked all over looking for her .
the first time i was hung up on .
picked presidential because of the high yelp rating .
rep refused to make reservation .
not great customer service .
used presidential to avoid cab line at airport .
from this point on he has an attitude .
do not ever use presidential limo !
they have horrible customer service .
i wouldn't recommend them to anyone !
the driver showed up in an suv instead .
i wish i could provide a stellar review here .
i guess some refund is better than none .
do not book this company .
never received my refund from a year ago .
i sent another email .
very unfortunate customer experience .
horrible customer service do not use this company ever .
this last time was horrible .
the first night it was not a problem .
no other refund offered .
the company will not give us a refund .
no response after that .
they have not contacted me back after .
so here i am again , updating my review .
poor presidential limo has really dropped the ball .
absolutely the most inconsistent business i have ever encountered .
this was not my experience .
they do not guarantee radio or video will work .
oh , wait there is a problem .
their customer service is none existent .
no one forced us off the bus .
any other company will be better than presidential .
it was a nightmare .
is it by choice or too lazy ?
you're so much better than that !
no help from presidential .
their driver left without checking out or telling anyone .
i was very disappointed .
one thing was really horrible !
i got sick after this trip !
i was in no way rude to anyone here .
you lost this customer .
are you kidding me ?
every thumb down for this place .
i had a very bad experience with this company .
i was immediately told that repair was too difficult .
i couldn't believe what i was hearing !
unbelievable and very poor customer service .
they were digging through the trash looking for them .
it is a huge problem in modern times .
for that they have lost a customer .
now my glasses look terrible .
long wait time to just make a deposit .
its cluttered and hard to walk through .
all died the second day .
never again will i buy from them .
i repeat : do not come here .
don't waste your time here .
they don't know how to practice medicine .
this " doctor " does not care at all .
and there is no even a place to sit .
i had never experienced anything like it .
do not go into this place .
" , " does it hurt " , etc .
way disappointed and should 've saved my money .
it did not fade at all .
and no straight nose .
but all of them seem crooked to me now .
i've gone there for dog grooming and dog food .
on the grooming side it's hit or miss .
it can be very frustrating .
petsmart does this all the time , he didn't .
the worst staff ever !
the owner is crazy .
he was rude and disrespectful the entire night .
the service was even worse than the food .
nothing spectacular but not disappointing .
the other wait staff were pretty friendly .
we were certainly not treated with any respect .
i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
the owner was absolutely rude .
this place is sucks !
the service is really bad !
don't recommend at all .
you waste your money i guarantee you .
this was the worst food i have ever had .
have you ever check your bill before you pay ?
why is listed as " tax " ?
the worker are terrified of him .
shame on me for not reading the reviews !
the owner couldn't stand to even listen our opinion .
no one there to greet people .
this place is plain crap .
they don't even deserve one star !
worst customer service and food ever !
the restaurant looked somewhat empty .
the persian rice was very dry and tasteless .
the owner is very very rude to his customers .
then why did you schedule me at this time ?
waited almost an hour to sit down and waited .
well needless to say they lost my business .
it was awkward , embarrassing and very unpleasant .
the place was rather full but nothing crazy .
we saw a few empty tables .
we didn't even get a hello .
they lost that chance .
at this china star it's not much .
but i just feel it's all on lower standards .
things tasted rubbery and lackluster .
soup was cold and the faux sushi was warm .
sad food make me a sad boy .
there was a roach running around in there .
if employees won't eat the food who should ?
this is the worst chinese restaurant ever .
the servers hardly spoke english and where very rude .
i wouldn't suggest this to my worst enemy .
not to mention she made me pay full price !
for less than seven bucks you can't go wrong .
i can't or wouldn't recommend this place at all !
egg rolls were beyond horrible & no duck sauce .
ok so it's a cheap buffet .
to me the food was lousy .
i couldn't find anything spicy or flavorful .
so i guess it's perfect for bland tastes .
would i come here again probably not .
i think buffet asia is way better .
sadly i have experienced better .
the staff was polite , i think .
just a tad too much .
but that is my fault .
the " blanket " looked to be quite dirty .
descent buffet but really cheap price .
very unappealing to say the least .
no salsa for me !
she asked me what else i want .
the food was terrible .
the tortillas were really stale .
i will never go back to this location again .
got money back and not happy !
will not be going back .
it really ruined the food .
isn't chicken the speciality here ?
what kind of chicken restaurant runs out of chicken ?
customer service is terrible .
the worst customer service .
looks like this place is out of business .
something about that isn't right to me .
they hardly speak english .
why oh why didn't i check reviews ?
ok , my bad for choosing gel polish .
okay , gel polish .
not a good massage .
i could 've painted them better .
worst place i have ever been to !
if i could leave negative stars i would !
this place is a disgrace .
they are rude and unprofessional .
do not go here unless you like torture .
eat it sober and it is pretty disgusting .
the food was greasy and inedible .
the salsa bar did not look very sanitary .
barely do i ever get a hint of disrespect .
this was my second visit to the establishment .
worst mexican food i ever had .
the burrito is wet , and tasteless .
the torta is tasteless also .
even the pepsi taste weird .
don't be confused by it .
i hate the carne asada here !
it was over cooked and no bueno !
the next morning i wanted to die .
was i able to get my money back ?
this place has horrible patient management .
this place needs an update badly .
i've stopped going to her .
do not waste your time with this rude doctor !
i can't begin to tell you everything .
i am so sad about this place .
they said they would get me a new one .
my whole house vacuum was clogged .
worst company ever specially at this location !
miserable staff that works there .
the customer service was just as bad .
got out of there and never coming back !
i was treated like i was doing something wrong .
the person who helped me seemed annoyed by me .
the whole thing really made me sad .
clearly this was a mistake on their part .
not so much for the food but the service .
korean and hawaiian don't in this case .
the pork katsu was over cooked and dry .
the kalbi and bbq chicken were good .
it didn't have that freshly made taste .
i was disappointed after reading the good reviews .
i have not heard the single word from them .
from the outside , the place looks sketchy .
i asked for my egg scrambled , not fried .
oh well - i ate it anyways .
the service was spotty .
ray l. reviewed the same experience as i did .
my friends meal looked very lackluster .
the person who answered wasn't sympathetic at all .
huge portion but nothing special .
chicken was too sweet .
june meat is boring .
she apologized and brushed me off .
portion servings is not worth the price you charge .
i came here wanting some kalua pig .
i don't recommend going there - very rude .
the place did not feel welcoming .
finally sat down and still got no service .
this is an asian restaurant serving hawaiian dishes .
i couldn't finished my dish .
now why i'm writing this review , bad experiences .
he insisted i take the wrong one .
wow insult your customer .
plus his attitude sucks .
makes you feel bad spending money there .
bad service little vw knowledge and cheap parts .
dont waste your time and money .
the guys there were helpful initially .
they will not fix it .
they will not refund my money .
this guy wouldn't even look me in the eye .
don't waste your time at this place .
worst customer service , dont come here .
did i forget the water down their gas .
the location sucks so bad .
don't go here if you're in a rush period .
there are two problems with that .
that is just ridiculously stupid !
whatever they did made the problem worse !
but here 's what really roasted my muffins .
i'm pretty sure that is a bad sign .
no customers at lunch is never a good sign .
it wasn't bad just better options out there .
the food here was just not good .
the interior is a little run down .
the service was not bad at all .
one to avoid on the vegas mexican scene .
i ordered the chimichanga with chili colorado .
i am not gon na leave my car here .
cheap price , cheap workmanship .
way too many questions and opinions .
i received the worst nail fill i ever had .
this is the worst nail salon i have been .
never , never , never again !
the worst fill i've ever received !
scheduling was a nightmare .
my husband had described the problem .
there was no batter .
it seem like naked fake chicken fried .
whatever you do , never order popcorn chicken there .
i didn't care for them .
they were like a shrimp sausage meatball .
but it's just not my thing .
just not my thing .
a bit too thick for my personal preference .
the customer service was horrible .
this location sucks and the service sucks .
opt for another boba place when you're in vegas .
the flavoring didn't impress me either .
tea station was able to deliver where volcano failed .
- boba is not fresh .
dry , flavorless , and was probably fried twice .
it was dark and just gross .
it is really the definition of mediocre .
it's not disgusting nor out of this world .
sorry but that 's disgusting .
decent boba , but the tea could be better .
i'm glad i tried it .
the owners daughter was rude .
i would go zero stars , but can't .
the place is really dirty to .
i would not come back here for it .
avocado tasted like it had no sugar in it .
the staff was friendly overall maybe a by impatient .
i don't know what people see in this place .
i didn't want to finish it truth be known .
i went home and stuck it in the fridge .
i am so confused .
i would rather buy avocados and make my own .
not coming back here again .
i'm never going there again .
they were friendly n helpful at the standard points .
plus the drink did not taste good at all !
like , can you not be rude !
not even a sorry from the bitch .
he was convinced to just try it out .
plus the customer service at volcano is going downhill .
the iced coffee is foul and sour .
it did not have any coffee taste whatsoever .
i got my drinks and they tasted disgusting .
it tasted like bad syrup in crushed ice .
nothing special just another quick boba place .
my mom didn't have any cash except large bills .
don't get me wrong .
no almond filling , no chocolate .
the doughnuts were dry .
they weren't superior to any other doughnut shop .
weird , i know .
wouldn't go back , even for a free dozen .
the holes were the highlight - everything tasted stale .
: - ) probably won't be back .
me i just don't get it i guess .
probably could 've saved my money n calories .
first of all , the place is cash only .
the donuts were ok but they tasted old .
they probably have a better selection in the mornings .
sadly we weren't impressed .
picked out my donut .
not worth finding an atm for a damn donut .
the interior of this place is terrible .
a friendly hello couldnt hurt .
they also don't serve coconut water .
spend the money elsewhere for a good haircut !
can't believe i allowed this to happen to me .
maybe cause they didn't follow the instructions .
wish yelp add a negative star system .
terrible office staff service .
avoid this place if you can !
stay away from this drs .
this place is a money grabbing lying stealing business .
he said i should not watch antique road show .
don't go to m & i .
few weeks later same problem .
the worst watch repair shop in las vegas .
the worst watch repair shop in las vegas .
sadly , this was not true .
the parking in this shopping center is a nightmare .
this is a sad excuse for a business .
the watch is trash .
seriously folks , take your business somewhere else .
these people are ridiculous .
the rent itself is reasonable .
however they charge separately for water and trash .
they're trying to hide from their bad reviews .
don't let them fool you .
sahara palms is a homeless shelter .
however , it has been super disappointing .
the fees are ridiculous as well .
would not recommend this place !
the pork was not good at all .
dirty looking and the location is not so good .
will definitely not be back here .
this was none of the above .
i was not planning to have lunch here .
it was too salty .
also water tasted bad .
one star for this restaurant is too much .
service has really gone downhill in the last year .
place is dirty and food quality is terrible .
no longer one of my favorite vegas restaurants .
awful service and even worse at handling their sh*t .
it was absolutely horrible .
the service was ridiculous .
they were so rude and unwelcoming .
just asking a simple question they were rude .
it was disgusting honestly .
used to be one of my favorite places .
had n't been there on about a year .
wait staff used to be friendly and humble .
now , rude and pushy .
menu was a little different .
there 's nothing like real chinese food .
minute chicken cake noodle and shrimp with snow peas .
shrimp with snow peas had no taste at all .
sloppy , less shrimp and no straw mushrooms .
stay away and don't waste your time and money .
but there was no appetizers .
more bad news as well .
this is why i don't own a gun .
and yet another negative report .
so , i had to wait again .
i wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy .
always on their phones yelling at someone !
was the pizza good ?
bad customer service = no service .
" we can't do that . "
" no " - " really ?
there was no mention of my drink .
fortunately i didn't need one .
neither did the driver .
the driver offered no apologies .
this is unacceptable and i will use neither again .
the food is over priced and gross .
the cheesesteak barely had any meat or cheese .
made me sick to my stomach .
tonight was a lasagna night .
however quite satisfied with tiramisu .
then he hung up on me .
not if i can help it .
they don't appreciate it and they don't deserve it .
it's not like a new customer .
never before has that ever been a problem .
i won't be ordering from here again .
this place has worst service and delivery ever .
just walk inside the place looks like a dump .
and it was cold .
i was very disappointed .
this " business " is trash .
ranch , hot sauce and bbq sauce .
ranch never came and poor quality bbq sauce .
how absurd is that !
it was so bizarre .
there was more bread than anything .
i ordered from here recently .
could of possibly been bad .
it better yet , just don't patronize this establishment .
this place is horrible .
you're better off going somewhere else .
this is a never again go to place .
don't waste your money .
i'd rather have not given into my lasagna craving .
so at this point i'm waiting to hear back .
this place was horrible .
most of my order was not delivered .
this place is so rundown and horrible !
i was quoted 30-45 minutes for delivery .
the pizza and mozzarella sticks are both cold .
attempted calling the restaurant with no answer .
worst customer service ever .
extremely poor living conditions and bad customer service .
rude to tenants and inconsistent .
this place is horrible .
dont waste your time and money .
sounds awesome doesn't it ?
this place is ghetto - smoke free my ass !
i can not wait to move out !
the neighborhood is awful .
i don't know how they stay in business .
this is no way to run a business .
manager became very defensive when i asked for help .
said " they didn't have key . "
no i was asking if they saw anyone .
he refused to give me any money back .
no integrity and no customer service skills .
you will not regret it .
the sushi however , blows !
tonight the waitress was awful , just rude .
are you kidding me ?
the place was pretty empty .
nothing to gripe or write home about .
the food : forgettable .
the korean style chicken was utter crap .
i also ordered the udon off the late-night menu .
the dressing was a little too vinegary .
this place is ridiculously expensive .
no thanks , osaka .
the entrance is kinda creepy , but whatever haha .
the service was just alright .
they were alright , though .
i wouldn't come back to this place .
i wasn't impressed at all !
it doesn't look very inviting .
our chef comes out of no where .
osaka didn't deliver on this experience at all .
we walked out & no one seemed to care .
pretty terrible quality of raw fish and uni .
however , late night special is cheap .
only good thing about it is the location .
really thin pieces , and almost dry .
portions were ok though .
they will rip you off .
horrible business and even worse customer service .
here 's the bad : terribly slow service .
the waiter was so rude !
will not be coming back .
but this is sushi , not a steakhouse .
they have a very limited lunch menu .
thus begins the terrible service from the wait staff .
you are better off avoiding this place .
highly disappointed and a lesson learned .
service seems to be slow .
kinda oily but sadly the best part .
also the steak roll were terrible and dry .
would not visit again !
we didn't waste any time tipping him extremely well .
way too much rice and not enough fish .
plus the individual pieces were almost falling apart .
i must say i was completely most utterly disgusted .
it was slow on that night .
sorry to use bad word .
i'm not coming back .
to be honest the sandwich wasn't good .
i stopped and turned it off .
bad bad bad food !
expensive prices for bad quality bland and tasteless food !
this was more like garlic vegetables !
the food is bland , absolutely not taste whatsoever .
this place is disgusting .
i don't know why i do this to myself .
i was very wrong !
the food is extremely over-priced and completely tasteless !
me and my co-worker called on the phone twice .
if your service is bad .
for me your bad .
he tried to deny it's not him .
chicken and broccoli was bit salty .
so will not be ordering from them again .
horrible business plus horrible customer service and food !
i can't believe this place is still open !
i can't imagine how she works in customer service .
my thought is that the ventilation there sucks .
i ordered patty melt , so overdone !
long story short we won't be back .
very bad first impression to leave on new customers .
my problem was i kept expecting to be wowed .
very busy on sundays there may be a wait .
service is a little slow but friendly .
overrated , ok service , very bland food .
then she turn around and left !
the service was honestly just bad .
the ranch dressing was watery .
was this something i should have requested beforehand ?
not sure of it will stay this way though .
it's hard to keep going back to this place .
there was nothing true about that statement .
the ranch dressing tasted like water mixed with mayonnaise .
the bill came out quicker than the food .
the food was processed and low quality .
yelp has failed us all .
no offer for other item , or anything .
so sad what this place has become !
i like breakfast but not here .
i won't be back .
very generic and boring .
greasy and the grease tasted old !
the pancakes were overcooked .
the portion size of his potatoes was small too .
maybe they were just having a bad day ?
got my order and it was cold and wrong .
then they were rude .
they didn't seem to get along with each other .
my omelet taste bitter because of the burnt bacon .
however this place needs to up their sanitary practices .
all of my silverware was dirty .
the chicken was grilled , not fried .
i just wasn't happy with the experience .
she returned with no hash browns and no sugar .
i was like wtf again .
at this point i was like f this place .
the service was terrible .
probably won't be returning .
they made the request seem so unreasonable .
in the past months they changed chef and manager .
the food changed completely into nasty and not tasteful .
do not spend your money in this place .
no coffee refill yet .
the lady who answered the phone was so rude .
if you don't like working with the public quit !
the chips were a bit cold and stale .
i was not digging it at all .
this was a horrible experience !
unfortunately , the experience didn't meet our expectations .
our waitress got our order wrong then blamed us .
" no , that 's what you ordered . "
overall , very negative experience .
tonight such a disappointment .
waitress was not interested in serving .
juan the manager was just as worthless !
this place was awful .
the service was absolutely horrible .
how do you f up a turkey sandwich !
service is super slow .
wait staff is terrible at their job .
this place deserves no stars .
their customer service was just completely horrible !
big ol ' portions of greasy diner food .
eggs not cooked to right temp .
this is not how you treat guests !
went in today and had the worst experience .
this isn't a bad place for lunch or dinner .
it was the biggest disappointment ever .
every dish lacked flavor except the lentil soup .
my wife 's scrambled eggs were under cooked inside .
will not be going back .
pancakes are not great i've had better .
coffee is terrible too , tastes like dirt !
i would give zero stars if i could .
you don't treat people that way .
this place was old - old - old .
reading is like a lost art in my opinion !
the worst part was when i moved out !
this place is the worst .
my apartment was robbed .
other than that everything else sucks .
despite the fact they still raised my rent .
my water heater broke not once but twice !
the emergency contact number never works after hours .
i would give it no stars if i could .
i'm hoping this makes someone hop to it .
lots of factory made crap here .
first time , was not good .
she said no problem .
i was so pissed , but she already started .
so i guess it really depends .
i am no longer going to schools .
that lady ruined it for me .
i had to pay to fix the error .
do not go to this unprofessional place !
when you call they give you false information !
however this visit was the absolute worst !
but she knew nothing .
then re wet my hair to cut it !
i'm so disappointed in this place !
isn't jack in the box supposed to be 24/7 ?
the food is just wrong !
omg worst service ever .
this is the worst jack period .
ill be calling corporate later today .
bottom line : there are definitely better cleaners around .
one star as it's the lowest rating .
ridiculous wait time and no explanation to the delay .
people , do not come to this office .
people are just slow in this office and lazy .
although waiting times can get ridiculous .
it's ridiculous how slow they seem to work !
she didn't introduce herself the entire time .
instead of professionalism i only got rudeness .
i will not be going back ever .
she is terrible at her job .
they are just not organized .
the receptionists are so rude here !
mind u drove all the way there again .
just completely rude and unorganized .
she didn't have a reply .
won't be back to this one again .
they refused to honor the posted sale price .
the staff didn't really help me out too much .
furthermore , he caused additional problems to the system .
it'll save you some headache .
called again and another no call no show .
what the hell is that about .
her diet pepsi was flat .
they brought me the wrong food .
we will not be going back to this location .
unprofessional and a complete waste of time .
will never see your money .
couldn't have said it better myself .
the store smelled terrible the moment i walked in .
i won't patronize this establishment again until probably july .
it was a little busy .
i purchased groupon for the gel manicure and pedicure .
it was not worth the drive .
on top of that , the pedicure sucks !
nope , i won't be back .
i was really disappointed since they had great reviews .
i was really unhappy with the service .
every question i asked & request was not understood .
the nails were not painted well .
this was not my first time here .
the place was clean and the staff was ok .
definetly not coming back .
why didn't i get one ?
this place is a piece of crap .
don't waste your money !
this just personally grossed me out .
overall , it was an okay experience .
they do not have a ton of staff .
not satisfied at all with this service !
and that she would call me back .
do not go thru this office !
food was passable , while service was tolerable .
there is always a problem .
floors dirty tables not cleaned .
scam scam scam shady place .
bar was pretty empty for a friday night .
nothing to brag about .
the food was cold , almost all of it .
how does a baked potato arrive cold through ?
they have lobster tails , grilled or boiled .
food was bland , and not really filling .
never will i return ever .
i do not recommend at all !
service at this location is almost non existent .
the broccoli wasn't so yummy as it always is !
the place was really busy for a sunday night .
and the boneless wings where over fried .
worst service i have ever experienced .
sarcastic attitude when asking about meal .
baked potato with the works on side .
this location in particular always seems extremely short staffed .
it's busy but no waiting .
he actual looked disappointed that we decided to stay .
this place is horrible .
they will never see me in this establishment again .
i am hoping to update this review sometime soon .
most people can't stand this sandwich . "
i won't be back .
however , this latest trip was horrible .
never , never again !
food was overcooked and not even fresh !
worst service and food ever .
i expressed my concern to our waiter .
this is just terrible .
geez and i am still here waiting .
yuck , yuck , yuck .
but she never checked on us .
such a disappointing experience .
no excuse to miss one of the main ingredients .
can't fix it was ordered for take out .
stay far away from this place !
so he returned the dirty utensils to her .
well i understand why the rating is so low .
terrible service and the food got me sick .
i walk in and theres a sign up sheet .
he just looked at me rudely .
i basically wasted over an hour at this dump .
place is run down .
i will never go back to this place again .
every aspect of the service was terrible .
take your business elsewhere , seriously .
this is both unethical and illegal .
those days are over .
he wouldn't exchange them or refund my money !
what a horrible experience !
the worse place ever .
terrible customer service and shoes are horrible .
i've had nothing but bad experiences here .
don't try to cheat me !
overall , a pretty poor experience .
rude and very unprofessional .
never ever going here again .
this lack of professionalism is disgusting .
and thanks make me missed my class .
that 's horrific , .
i'm gon na change my optometrist office .
i guess that 's the first sign of trouble .
omg it was so greasy and just disgusting .
the service was also awful .
the service was horrible .
her reply just made me so angry .
and its not like we dont know english .
overall , i would never go back again .
kinda of a lazy way of doing things .
service wasn't the greatest either .
the wine chicken was dry .
the waiters are just sitting at the bar chatting .
worst dining experience anywhere ever .
don't bother going there , please !
not good at all .
it was very annoying and ruined the atmosphere .
my parents also kept asking for soup spoons .
i told the waitress that the buns are cold .
she is basically driving customers away .
where the hell was our hot tea also ?
the food itself wasn't bad .
all in all , i would never come back .
was not happy with this place at all .
sorry we were so busy .
dishes were extremely oily and the silverware was dirty .
secondly , w t f ?
i won't be coming back here ever again .
seemed to want to sell liquor !
service sucked , even by chinese standards .
nowhere is this posted on the menu or signage .
i will not recommend this restaurant .
i dont know if they change their chef .
service was extremely slow .
i could have done better .
just update , new management , maybe new owner .
place smelled sour inside , restaurant was dingy .
i can't believe anyone would eat here .
worse experience in a long long time .
everything came out cold and was very doughy .
this place is a disgrace to chinese sichuan food .
the food is expensive and no good at all .
crappy food , waiters rush everything everyone .
use yelp , people .
how shame on them !
we so regretted to have visited this place .
this is really rude .
when i finally returned , it was virtually empty .
it came out lukewarm as though it was microwaved .
next on my list was the salty rice roll .
it won't taste good .
this is probably why they are losing customers .
even the shrimp were tired and limp .
the service is horrible .
service wasn't so great .
waitress sorta kept ignoring us .
looked awful , boring and bland .
needless to say the serve was extremely poor .
the food we ordered was even worst .
no flavor , no taste .
we told her the problem but she didn't care .
stay far away from this restaurant .
worst restaurant that i ever eat in lv !
this one falls into the exceptionally bad category .
what a terrible experience !
lukewarm , not cold .
didn't even have green onions .
mixed noodles ( ) : where are the noodles ?
not at all fluffy the way it should be .
the service is horrible !
they do not give any utensils for the dishes .
food quality is so bad and pricy !
if i could pick no stars i would .
waited for refills and our check way too long .
will not be back here ever .
and food is so bad and salty .
and price is too high .
also ask soup and noodle separate apart .
the restaurant is really tacky .
hole in the wall or not .
this place was so bad .
easily the worst restaurant i've ever visited .
avoid this place at all costs .
not the freshest and could improve .
the wrap was dried and the filling was mushy .
i felt like i could skip everything else .
their decor is very old school chinese .
i won't come back again .
- quality is so-so and poor .
- rush and poor service .
a big mistake to go there !
completely waste of money .
the food was not fresh .
waiters are really rude .
can't believe their foods could be this disgusting .
this is the worst chinese breakfast i ever have .
food is so bad and expensive .
this place was very disappointing .
but clearly it was too much .
will not use for anything else .
there 's not much authenticity to there dishes .
i don't get it .
sadly , i wasn't too fond of the food .
not as hot as i would have thought .
the duck was a major disappointment .
in a word , " fake " .
parking is easy and the wait isn't long .
overrated and overly priced .
nothing that kicked my socks off .
the peking duck was dry and slightly rubbery .
sadly , i did not .
i hate when that happens .
bummer , but not a deal breaker .
what the hell is this ?
i immediately stopped eating .
flavor of food is just ok.
however service this evening was horrible .
looking for a straight forward chinese food meal .
unfortunately yelp really let me down w/ this restaurant .
unfortunately i wasn't impressed with the food .
the seafood sizzling soup was awful .
no flavor in the soup .
they will never see me again .
the sea bass was terrible !
i asked for beef and broccoli instead .
not too good , not too bad .
worst dining experience i ever had .
service was bad , waitress was extremely rude .
it tasted the way i like it cooked .
the sesame chicken is a skip it .
it was our least favorite dish .
our service was terrible .
i would not go back .
the prices are too expensive for what you get .
this restaurant sadly has become very mediocre .
worst dining experience i ever had .
service was bad , waitress was extremely rude .
money , not well spend .
the service is absolute shit .
the only good server was the manager .
not very good chinese food in my opinion .
we won't be back to joyful house .
ended up throwing away basically all of our food .
it was highly disgusting and mostly inedible .
went there following yelp reviews for lunch .
but food was very low quality .
beef was low grade skirt steak .
had the hot and sour soup .
but entrees where very disappointing .
i would definitely not recommend this place .
worst customer service ever !
we couldn't even finish the soup .
today was one of the worst service .
the food wasn't great .
it was just all bad !
the meat in both dishes was slimy and soft .
will not be returning .
dinner was all oil coated .
service was very poor , slow , and unfriendly .
it wasn't that they were busy .
there was only one other couple there besides us .
don't care how good the food might be .
customer service is not their priority .
don't spend your money here .
she doesn't deserve it .
customer service is downright disgusting !
i wouldn't go there again .
they have no selection and are over priced !
when i entered , there was no one attending .
other than that , i wouldn't really come back .
wasn't even good pound cake .
i will never to back to this dishonest store !
absolutely the worst service i've ever gotten .
i would definitely pay more for better quality .
yup , it's more americanized .
i'm not sure why , but i was .
not an employee says anything .
the milk tea is too sweet too .
i'll take quickly over this anytime .
it was watered down and lacked flavor .
i take it back !
not even a thank you .
this place has completely horrible service .
their drinks are mediocre at best .
other than that , i wouldn't waste my time .
the drink is good but the food is bad .
vegas store is not good at all .
one , their boba is a hit or miss .
my second issue is how expensive they are .
sorry , tea station .
there 's no tea flavor in any of it .
not worth it at all for bad service .
oh you don't say , really ?
i really want to say : screw this place !
their service here was horrible .
if anyone else has , let me know .
i don't get it .
what in hell did we do to deserve this ?
will no longer come back .
we were so frustrated .
then , you never see them again .
tasted like straight up beans .
horrible service & nasty boba drink !
the tea station in vegas is just horrible !
and the drink is not even good .
bad food and horrible service !
insane prices for tea , $ 5-7 ?
my food was just ok .
so don't come here , rad person .
man the service here is terrible !
this place was horrible !
they give the name a shame !
my experience at this bubble tea place was bad !
boba : at first , i was delighted .
i couldn't even bite through those freakin frozen balls .
they are not realistic at all .
i will never stop by this place again .
i won't be back .
great drinks , but very rude to american people .
but , the drinks are way overpriced !
my minced pork barely filled half the bowl .
unfortunately for tea station , this isn't the case .
to-go service is a joke .
i always feel rushed to order .
they don't explain things well .
i'm not the one to complain .
takes a lot to put me over the edge .
this place is a shame .
drinks taste " old " and stale .
i wouldn't go back .
it tastes like it's been sitting there all day .
the price is more expensive too .
it's not cause they were busy .
only reason why they still get stars from me .
overly priced , for sure .
not a good business practice .
will not be going to this place again .
or lack there of .
this place has horrible service !
wtf kind of stupid policy is that !
i really don't like this place .
their service is so terrible .
i dont normally post any reviews for anything .
i wish i could give zero stars .
it is way over priced .
they are so rude .
this place is ridiculous .
don't waste your time here .
service is really bad .
i do not recommend everybody to come .
the owner really need to fire all these kids !
that 's no excuse .
every time i come here service sucks .
when our drinks came , we were quite disappointed .
it tasted very bland and watered down .
tell me i'm not expecting too much here .
but it's okay , we asked for some .
ugh , skimpy much ?
only here because someone else wants boba .
parking is always a nightmare .
he said it really rude too .
i doubt i'll be coming back .
and then he walked away .
needless to say , i did not tip .
why are these people working here so unhappy ?
i hate this place .
these people are soooo rude .
however , the service here is horrible .
because it was not even that busy .
they don't greet you when you enter .
that 's horrible customer service !
it was too sweet i couldn't drink it .
they don't even deserve a star .
looks like i won't ever be coming back here .
we walked in and were greeted .
i was like , are you serious ?
the service is always rude .
there will be no next time .
now this business lost a customer .
taking my business elsewhere !
however , the drinks are sketchy today .
i'm not going again !
the prices for the drinks are overpriced to me .
how terrible is this place ?
their service is terrible .
this place has horrible customer service .
worst customer service ever .
they can not communicate with the customers .
i couldn't eat it at all .
me and my husband hate the food here .
no flavor and no taste .
but we only like the drinks and desserts .
only one server run the whole restaurant .
and the service is lower than the standard .
i'm really disappointed nor will i go there anymore .
not just that but the service sucks .
most disgusting pho i ever had .
the eggs taste old and ready to go bad .
they very poorly showed any interest in accommodating us .
that instantly turned me off & lost my craving .
service is very sub par .
needless to say i left pretty annoyed .
service : literally they threw down the utensils .
but i don't recommend ordering food dishes .
we found stinky smell from the table .
i can imagine this place is not clean .
i'm sure not coming back here again !
it was so gross .
i am sad to have wasted that money .
just the perfect ending to this truly bad experience .
then we never got checked on again .
i mean , really ?
it wasn't that great and it was very expensive .
i hate this place !
management doesnt care either .
a bunch of cheap chinese shit heads here !
but seriously go to icy juicy instead !
but they dont care - and neither do i !
i am embarrassed that the whole store heard .
customer service is nonexistent .
i just thanked them and left .
this place isn't even an option anymore .
never order the popcorn chicken it has no flavor .
edit : no one ever came .
will not be back .
this is the worst and slowest service .
this place is ridiculous !
btw , it was not even full inside .
former tea station lv customer .
most horrible tea station location i've ever tried .
tea taste super watered down .
i don't know how it stays in business .
cashiers were flat out rude to me .
sometimes it is over cooked like most boba places .
not a fan of their food either .
this place is a scam .
she had a super bad attitude .
i was on a date and she embarrassed me .
my wife had worst service ever there .
apparently with discount means we can't stay .
customer service needs improvement .
i am sorely disappointed with this driving school .
i wish i could say i agree .
i would not recommend this school .
please do not contact my daughter again .
which brings me to my next problem .
i do not recommend this school to anyone !
then she hang up my phone .
gave it a fair try .
horrible treatment for a potential customer .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
then i find out natalie moved to san francisco .
i'm like okay this is taking a long time .
i was embarrassed , so i just agreed .
i've seen worse " .
no , it didn't .
it can't , at least not at this salon .
but even traveling i've never had this much trouble .
both times my hair was a disaster .
i only need a trim .
i could not believe my ears .
they lost a good client .
one of the worst haircuts i've ever had .
my hair is truly very poorly cut .
if i could rate negative stars i would .
worst customer service i've ever received .
i will never step foot into this salon .
do not waste your time here mediocre service .
not what i requested .
i just walked out ?
do not waste your time or money !
and they didn't toast my meatball marinara subs .
so i ended up just not eating .
avoid it at all cost .
that is your training class for fat tuesdays .
you are now certified as a fat tuesday bartender .
ok -- - fat tuesday = not a bar .
seriously the worst del taco in town .
apparently this location needs to die .
i didn't actually set out to find this one .
this one though is just a mess .
no customer service here that 's for sure !
she gave me the most painful treatment ever .
i would not recommend to any one .
stay away from this awful shitty place .
the worst customer service experience ever .
he wouldn't even let me see the car .
in a rude tone .
and no thanks , i'll leave it !
i am a yelper !
the sweet cashier was embarrassed .
can it get worse , yes .
this car was inspected one week prior !
complete waste of time .
left without looking around .
not going to give commission to a dishonest salesman .
not enough space for all details .
this was very disappointing .
they didn't actually rotate my tires .
mechanics there don't do their work .
they do not know the money things .
you know , i could not find them well .
no one give me answer .
do yourself a favor and avoid this one .
not the best korean food on the planet .
won't see me there ever again .
she didn't see anything wrong with what they did .
the office manager is rude .
doctor has no bedside manner .
he doesn't tell you what for you .
i was so disgusted at that point .
he then demanded blood work .
they lost a patient i am extremely unhappy !
i'll find someone else for my annual .
this place is garbage stay away !
this office is horrible with scheduling .
anyone else in this position i really advise caution .
it takes as long though .
horrible service and bad attitude .
there is a reason why " specialists " exist .
are you kidding me ?
avoid it at all cost .
you have been warned .
i felt very unsafe here .
don't waste your money .
it's a big waste of money !
the worst alternative you could choose .
any other service would have to be better .
do not recommend them to anyone .
terrible experience with this company .
biggest mistake of my life .
not modern tech at all .
couldn't pay my bill online ( ummm hello ?
totally turned me off of finishing my meal .
i went with eggs , over hard and bacon .
paid my bill in full and left no tip .
hole in the wall but somewhere to fall asleep .
it's in a very busy place .
then , we checked the bed .
please never stay in this motel .
the room was terrible .
this place was horrible .
the man at the counter was sooooo slow .
the third room smelt like someone died in it .
horrible motel and horrible service .
dean martin never drank here , for a reason .
if you don't like it , quit .
top lv dive bar is not deserved .
no clue why this place is so highly rated .
it's crap , doesn't even deserve one star .
rude to larger groups .
shame on the seven for recommending this super dive .
wish there was lower than one star .
it's a shame because i enjoyed my lunch .
the neighborhood is sketchy anyways .
, but that wasn't the right way !
he wouldn't let us try to guess the suit .
walked out never to return .
i get it , you only like locals .
i leave you and your two customers alone .
he continued to yell at me .
my mom , stepped in between us to stop .
i wish she would have !
three days later the charge was changed .
sorry desert art supplies , you guys suck .
don't judge me ! )
the " decor " is barely that .
the first bad sign ?
only finished 1/4 of them .
no sorry not good .
sorry not mexican food .
the service is horrible .
this place is mexican food for people from ohio .
the chicken is boiled and not seasoned .
the service was terrible .
honestly , i make better chicken tortilla soup .
all i could do was laugh during the ceremony .
this chapel is ghetto and incompetent .
this place is a hot mess .
- " yea , they are n't here yet .
you can't be a little helpful ?
why is it so hard to email a receipt ?
the staff is ridiculous and rude .
you didn't play the organ for us .
the photographer took every pic straight on .
boy were we disappointed !
the limo driver gets a tip .
so , would not recommend .
rude , inconsistent and false advertising .
one star , only because negative isn't a allowed .
owner refuses to fix ac .
the bathroom door does not even close .
never have i seen such poor excuses for employees !
this place was a complete let down .
i'm going through with it but this is bs !
i don't recommend them .
basically , nobody was in charge .
the room was okay .
nothing was gross or anything .
linens and towels are clean but very worn .
desk staff was friendly .
wouldn't recommend this place .
this hotel is gross !
i recommend not going here .
im not a fan at all .
do not go here for tattoos !
during the session he barely said a word .
it's executed really badly .
and it is a rip off !
i do not recommend this shop .
if i could , i'd put no stars !
i do not recommend !
we walked in this shop on the strip .
there were no deals no discounts .
i really didn't want too .
the guy really couldn't have been any more rude .
he completely lacked a personality and social skills .
i understand wanting to make a profit on something .
be careful when coming in here .
don't be fooled by the nice beds and sheets .
also one of the two table lamp wasn't working .
surely i will not come back .
bf got chicken and waffles .
worst buffet experience of my life .
the food was bland and old .
apparently everyone else knew better .
the taco meat wasn't even ground beef .
avoid at all costs .
the food selection is very poor considering the price .
even the dessert bar is lacking .
was very chewy and rather tasteless .
unless it were free food , i'd move along .
there 's nothing to see here .
there is nothing positive to say about this buffet .
clearly , this isn't the case .
hardly anything was very fresh .
i can't see any other reason to eat here .
only if you're starving .
everything is hot but dry and tasteless .
this may be the worst buffet in american history .
i probably won't return .
the buffet was just the opposite .
terrible , awful , disgusting .
the prime rib was chewy and tasteless .
all the food was bland .
this place was really bad .
they were very rude !
lunch and dinner are horrible .
the buffett isn't one of them .
the brunch selection was horrible !
but there are much better buffets out there .
the food choices and quality have not changed .
how do you mess up melted cheese ?
the food is pretty terrible .
it was pretty empty .
i'm glad i didn't after reading the reviews .
very low end buffet .
probably won't return again .
they're not even trying .
there are a thousand better choices in vegas .
worse mistake of the trip .
this is not one of them .
i would never go back to this place .
the food was dry and not good .
hold it , stop stop stop the press !
they also didn't have a variety of foods .
not good at all !
went there for dinner tonight !
a baked potato was cold .
very limited seafood selection which is weird .
free food so why not .
everything they are serving is old .
this place was dead at dinner time .
it was hospital food -- flavorless and depressing .
cold , and old .
no wonder not many people were there .
bottomless mimosas were awesome , but otherwise yuck .
limited selection and food was just so-so .
would not recommend it .
the worst buffet i have ever tried .
it was too expensive for what i had .
everything was just cold and terrible .
food is horrible 10/10 do not recommend .
i really don't like this buffet .
waiter takes forever , finally order , it's wrong .
do not go this place !
ok , if there 's nothing else open .
this place is conveniently located in the stratosphere .
breakfast was fine , but expensive .
i wish i just had the buffet again .
terrible food , terrible prices , terrible service .
needless to say we will not be going back .
there 's even a charge for to go orders .
i am very disappointed with this place .
he gave us the wrong package .
very bad customer service .
too bad though cause it used to be great .
unfortunately ( or fortunately ? )
service was horrible at best .
according to her chef the food was never cold .
she also refused to provide me a receipt .
would not recommend to anybody !
not good at all .
she also never refilled our drinks .
overall a poor experience .
this place was terrible .
don't bother wasting your time here .
the third time it was terrible .
philly cheese steak gave me heart burn bad !
rather not go here again !
the cheese was greasy and old looking .
the frys were also dry and cold .
even my salad had chunks of yellow iceberg lettuce .
even the entertainment sucked .
why did we wait outside so long ?
their other food isn't a great value either .
service was very slow .
there is no reason to visit this place .
just go for the shakes not the food .
not even close to good .
this restaurant is the worst i've ever been .
service is the worst and food is not far .
the food was mediocre at best .
a horrible value for the quality of food served .
i couldn't eat them .
against my better judgement we went back for dinner .
it is just an ok place if you sober .
we had the worse experience here !
this time the service was awful !
our waiter was so confusing !
the food was super yummy though .
chili cheese fries mmmm !
so i sent my meal back .
at this point i just gave up .
now , the service was both good and bad .
this guy was slow .
waitress wasn't very pleasant .
servers seemed very tired .
there were tons of employees with empty tables .
really wishes i went to ihop right outside instead .
the service was horrible .
my girlfriend asked for mayo got none .
i asked for cheese got none .
her hollandaise was broken , and flavorless .
i would not recommend coming here .
this burger was overcooked and subpar .
the fries were stale and cold .
i was not a happy camper .
this is no where near freshness .
some rotten and old lettuce and over ripe avocado .
don't deserve a star at all .
this last visit was far from even ok .
i could squeeze the grease from them .
ordered the french dip and chicken buffalo bites .
the chicken was hard and old .
overall , bad experience .
i made the mistake of ordering biscuits and gravy .
the sausage was diced up brown and serve sausages .
normally have no complaints .
the service was terrible .
too bad tonight the service overall was terrible .
dennys and ihop would have tasted better .
i've tried breakfast and dinner and both were terrible .
the worst biscuits and gravy i've ever had .
i explained my situation but they still refused .
the food was okay , but not great .
not worth going to .
mediocre service and the food is not great .
it felt and tasted like rubber !
i won't be back and i don't recommend .
the worst dining experience i've had to date .
not a good start .
the whole meal was bland and wasn't even hot .
this place has the worst customer service .
just to get our check was like pulling teeth .
the worst customer service .
horrible service all three times i've been here .
the waiter finally came and had a bad attitude .
poor service and unprofessional staff .
wait time was ridiculous .
was not worth the wait .
i ordered the chicken philly which was pretty good .
our waitress was really personable and outgoing .
i can't recall her name but she was awesome .
i ordered the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and vegetables .
much too expensive for what was served .
but i guess one should expect that in vegas .
the sin city burger was decent .
could use a little more lighting though .
the initial server wasn't the best .
they don't write down your order .
they didn't clean the floor underneath our table .
it was pretty gross .
it's pretty filling , but not fulfilling .
it was a little overpriced for what it was .
i understand this is not in the best location .
it's really too bad .
the staff has no manners .
there 's no point .
without them forgetting my fries or onion rings .
i just walked out .
let me remind you , i'm on my lunch .
the owner needs new employees at this location .
first impression not a very welcoming place .
no use having an appointment .
i got so much to say about it !
even the candy machines in there are labeled wrong .
this places is horrible !
this place is a waste of time .
then it was followed by an awful stomach ache .
so not worth it .
only thing good was the service .
service at this denny 's was dismal .
only go to this location if your desperate .
this is not a place to go eat .
it wasn't even that packed .
disappointed in the overall experience .
the coffee was terrible .
my breakfast was also awful .
paperwork ( medical note ) restaurant was empty !
they are not gods .
luv-it frozen custard was recommended .
it may be hidden but it's no gem .
i'm telling you , save your money !
it's just not worth it !
we get there and i am completely wrong .
seconds later , we had sundaes in hand .
the peanuts were more like saw dust .
simply go elsewhere and save yourself from regret .
mint chip - underwhelming .
i tried the pineapple and was not impressed .
i couldn't believe this place was so highly rated .
i ordered chocolate and it tastes like bananas .
they only had 4-5 flavors .
i ordered the chocolate custard , which wasn't bad .
service was surly and slow .
limited selection of flavors .
i will not be coming back .
none found so off we went .
too bad it's soooo far from my house .
i have no reason to come back here .
completely disrespectful service and a waste of gas .
that is not my issue with luv-it .
i really miss it too .
the blueberry tasted artificial .
i would not go back .
common sense was clearly missing .
wasted of my time trying to pick a flavor .
luv it or leave it ?
the custard was bland tasting .
especially disappointing was the mint chip .
someone else owns it and runs it now .
with that said , i was underwhelmed .
sorry , luv-it , but we'd rather leave it !
don't give them tips , you'll get burned .
to bad i will never ever go here again .
sad sad sad what a shame !
tonight was probably my last time going there .
i was really disappointed .
it seemed to lack any taste at all .
sad to report this .
its just gross now .
neither the vanilla nor the mango had distinct flavor .
the portions weren't that generous either .
seems to get worse every time .
i'm really disappointed with luv it's custard .
i wouldn't wait for it anymore .
unfortunately we were sorely disappointed .
the custard was nothing like we expected .
the neighborhood is really really sketchy .
my response , " no thanks .
they have the absolute worst customer service !
that is not how you do business .
don't waste your money !
food was , as always , mediocre at best .
pizza is too greasy .
pizza toppings all tossed in the middle .
half my pizza has no toppings just cheese .
fries soggy as hell serious ?
give me money gone .
pizza was soggy and greasy .
worst damn spaghetti i ever had in my life !
the pizza was disgusting .
my hands were covered in grease .
ordered a pepperoni pizza last night to go .
customer service is horrible !
i ordered a sub with out tomato and mayo .
this place has really gone downhill .
not toasted but burned .
i didn't check my food until i got home .
they didn't even get the order right .
won't be going back .
service and quality of food just way too inconsistent .
u want good pizza ?
you never put ketchup on a philly !
the worst was the crust !
just a gross experience all around .
no we don't deliver have a nice day .
rude people terrible customer service .
my money is and was accepted elsewhere .
the mushrooms taste like canned mushrooms .
the crust is tasteless .
the pizza was not what we ordered .
delivery includes only one pepper and one parmesan cheese .
it was not great but not horrible .
it was however very expensive .
i was not impressed by florida cafe .
very small , and lacking in flavor .
neither of us were very pleased .
it smells funny and the service is horrible !
i would not recommend this restaurant to a friend .
is it that difficult to get drink service ?
one major plus was the mojito !
the appetizer was a fried potato thing .
this place is in a terrible location .
i was confused as hell .
the prices seem to be pricey too .
the waitress just disappeared after taking our order .
they only had cuban toast and chorizo .
it was so dry and very hard to eat .
the bad : pretty much everything else .
so not worth the money !
brought everyone the wrong items .
to top it off our food was cold .
don't waste your time .
burger king would have been a much better choice .
the food was bland and had no flavor .
all that was used was nasty dark meat chicken .
it has been better before but never great .
i will advise anyone never to go .
and the food wasn't even good .
the beans were lukewarm along with the dish .
the sangria was the only thing that was decent .
it was completely indifferent .
not fabulous , but ok .
waters were not refilled a single time .
dont know why people give this place high ratings !
nothing but deep fried vomit !
i time it , not exaggerating !
the service was slow .
overall it was terrible service .
it was very disappointing .
mojitos were weak , service was painfully slow .
i would definitely not go there again .
do not waste your money on the food .
the food was not memorable .
the service was lousy .
we should have just walked out .
getting a refill was also a pain .
the food was bland , fried with minimal sauce .
even buffets do better for less .
the meat and accompanying sauce was very flavorful .
not as good as it was .
it's always had awful service .
i think thier just cheap on quality .
i won't be going back .
i love cuban food but was a little disappointed .
the worse part is that they have good food .
she was extremely rude and walked away .
we also were overcharged on our drinks .
the wait staff was prompt , and attentive .
the sandwich had little to no taste .
the pickles were soggy too .
i would not recommend florida cafe to anyone .
really sad how much it's gone down hill .
terrible service and less than ok food .
waitress claimed to be busy .
this place was horrid !
worst service i've had in years .
food was bland and not worth eating again .
would not recommend this place to anyone .
when in rush don't expect good service .
too expensive for the type of food they serve .
i was extremely disappointed .
but nothing to brag about .
some meat was hard too .
they clearly don't appreciate the business .
i don't know why i am here .
toast - dry no butter and cold .
it was overpriced and not very good .
some of the worst service i have ever seen .
didn't check on us .
absolute waste of time .
the service is horrible ( absolutely terrible ) .
i would not recommend this place at all .
the service was extremely slow .
florida cafe used to be the place to go .
dr doesn't care for patients .
this is the worst place ever !
service is trash and they don't care about you .
the quality of the items were average to low .
the excitement died upon entering .
people , but seriously , this ain't right .
i was excited to stop here .
i guess somebody does .
this is a terrible place to shop .
tons of crap in this place .
hello house of crap .
that is not included in this review .
but she didn't sound so convinced of that herself .
it almost made me feel bad for her .
isn't vegas the place to get married ?
the prices are low , the options are high .
it does need a bit of updating , though .
you can't miss this place .
everything here is junk .
save your time and money for a better place .
no bathroom either and overpriced crap .
don't go unless you want to waste your time .
immediately walking in there is a weird stench .
everything is very cluttered , dirty and unorganized .
i wasn't impressed with any aspect of this place .
it's not a place i need to visit again .
the parking lot is large but it's a mess .
worlds largest gift store , but no public restroom ?
i refuse to be treated this way !
i will not spend another dime in this establishment .
overpriced and out of the way .
wouldn't come here after dark .
i repeat do not purchase a car from here .
more than i paid for the car itself .
none of the interior lights work .
please avoid this place .
there are more unhappy customer reviews on there also .
dont make the same mistake that i made .
all i can say is horrible .
the staff is extremely rude and very disrespectful .
nasty dirty badly needs to be remodeled restaurant .
at this point , party 's over .
i knew none of this .
it's just not my type of fun .
the whole place just made me uncomfortable .
this place is a hole .
this place fucking sucks !
for the guys , it was unimpressive .
this is the worst place ever !
the people are ugly .
it costs way too much .
the biggest waste of time in vegas .
this place is the worst at it .
but we didn't really mind at that time .
ok now the bad part .
really really bad customer service .
it does not feel good to her .
the place itself looked like shit .
bare walls and shitty carpet .
maybe i was too sober .
this is the worst strip club in vegas !
ten minutes later , still nothing .
the manager was a total asshole .
the cost -- holy shit these guys are shady .
this place felt too mechanical and too shady .
ummm , no it doesn't work that way .
remember to stay away from american brands .
do not use the atm !
i thought the club was pretty crappy .
my beer was the same price .
the service was awful .
our drinks were empty most of the time .
no mention of any charge .
called my bank , called the club .
" free limo and no cover " my ass .
no , i don't want a dance .
die in a fire , all of you .
the layout of the place is horrible .
this place fell off !
i was instantly uncomfortable .
( fyi she's not a stripper ) .
oh well , no more .
bad rep for a reason .
you will be sorry when you get the bill .
bottom line don't go there .
stay away from this scam of a place .
i was celebrating my bachelorette .
stop acting like you are drunk ! "
i wish car dealers did this !
is not a very good strip club .
learn from my horrible experience .
then , my least favorite part .
bad don't waste your money dancers are very greedy !
we spent the entire night laughing .
now , on to the negative .
not impressed at all .
i couldn't believe this .
the money issue is what made me upset .
the ladies weren't bad .
avoid at all costs !
ugly girls , no .
they place is dirty .
overall , i would not come back here .
would not recommend this place to any one .
what a disappointment for vegas .
worst strip club for your money .
you have been warned .
never came back with beer or change .
two thumbs way way down .
cheap vodka for an expensive price .
one even told me " you should relax " .
the bad apples really make you hate life though .
was sooo disappointed with this place .
don't waste your money here .
it is utter disappointment .
can't give this place any stars .
okay , here 's the bad part .
the place is sleazy .
first male strip club experience .
this is not a strip club .
overall it was a really terrible experience .
head elsewhere for you vegas strip club experience .
2nd stop on our vegas bar crawl .
club is too dark , old a creepy .
where are the negative stars when u need them .
greedy as fuck as well .
this place is just trash with trashy dancers .
this was the worst club i've ever been to .
i wasn't able to even enjoy myself .
save your money for a better club !
only male strip club in lv .
having no choice we played along .
i have never been treated so rudely .
i have never met someone more disrespectful .
this place is incredibly unprofessional and rude to women .
so disrespectful and such a waste of time .
this place is awful .
avoid at all cost .
such a waste of money .
would not go back if someone paid me .
it was an uncomfortable situation .
the female dancers that i encountered had no personality .
i would not visit this establishment again !
worst i mean worst service ever !
totally lost my business !
i have to say , what a disappointment .
the show was great but the transportation was horrible !
this place is horrible !
it was empty on a saturday night .
one bored dancer on the stage .
no where to be seen .
it's like you were disgusted with us .
otherwise , boring , boring , boring .
not even particularly inexpensive .
i was so mad .
the second time , the haircut was seriously lacking .
none were using the other two .
i found out this was not true .
not a close shave , few scratches .
they do not follow their own hours .
taking my business elsewhere .
the pad thai was more like greasy chow mein .
we had a very disappointing experience .
i can't even describe the taste .
i don't think this place deserves four stars .
the crab papaya salad was too salty .
the pad thai was greasy and strange tasting .
bbq beef was tough and lacked flavor .
no greeting upon entering .
well it was not good .
i get my bill .
that really pissed me off !
the papaya salad wasn't fresh .
i'd rate it a zero if i could .
sat down & was not even acknowledged .
decent food , but terrible service .
ah yelp photos let me down .
there 's some cheaper places and some more expensive .
we got thai beef salad which was okay .
it was not good .
you couldn't taste any spice just salt and sour .
that reminds me their rice was not good .
overall our lunch kind of was lame .
went tonight - party of two .
just thrown in at the last minute .
egg rolls were horrible .
this last year it has gone down hill .
the service has become poor .
worst one i've eve been too !
horrible place to eat .
everyone who has worked on it says same thing .
reading other reviews they also have cockroaches .
i'm just sleeping in my car next time .
the plumbing is off in the building .
inconsiderate and too ghetto .
price one has too pay for cheap inexpensive motel .
avoid if you can .
my last room was also pretty bad !
nothing really worked at all .
what a terrible choice .
the carpet was atrocious .
scratch that i'd let him sleep in my lap .
dirty , run down and bugs .
i saw why my check never came .
the interior looked classy and was quite spacious .
i would not go back .
done with giving this place my money .
not a sign of freshness .
i soaked off the grease with my napkin .
the tv was so loud it was ridiculous .
the server was horrible .
the cuban sandwich was not the traditional sandwich .
never going back , unless someone else is paying .
i'd rather take my chances with florida cafe .
i was pretty disappointed by my experience here .
the place was very hot and no air .
ridiculous excuses and a bottomless pit of excuses .
this company is absolutely horrible !
it's 4pm and still no show , no call .
they are the worst company period .
their customer service is terrible .
bottom line , stay away from them !
my water heater went out saturday night .
my warranty company tried to reach them that night .
i contacted someone saturday night !
i give this company a rating of a zero .
it's a poor excuse .
the computer only takes what you put into it .
i had a horrible experience with this vet .
plus the place needs major tlc .
it was really old and dusty inside .
this place is g h e t o o !
don't waste your time with this place .
sorry i don't speak bad bartender ryan .
other than my crappy service my food was delish !
worst customer service ever !
will not be recommending them in the future .
no return phone calls .
customer service is a hit or miss .
these people are worthless .
turned me away because i have a service animal .
against the law and very rude .
no soaking to trim cuticles .
not even a pizza hut express or starbucks .
the merchandise selection lacks too .
hands down the worst target i've ever been to .
this is the worst target ever !
the staff is so freaking rude .
they also hate people with coupons .
worst service i have ever received !
always a mess such a dirty store !
i'm getting really tired of this .
that price isn't for those .
the food selection at this location is also poor .
unfortunately , the food was less than mediocre .
the chili tasted like old , canned chili .
unbelievably incompetent at color matching .
avoid this place if you are looking for professionals .
i'd rather go to the walgreens down the street .
this store is awful .
kmart & sears are owned by the same corporation .
there is always a problem at the register .
after buying them , the lady starts walking away .
the whole experience was just awkward !
at this point , i'm annoyed !
why send me to the manager and a salesman ?
no customer service at all .
the salesmen don't know their cars and trucks .
that really turned us off .
extremely bad customer service !
the oil filter is loose !
your techs should double or triple check everything !
after that , nothing worked out well .
i would not go to this place again .
went to findlay very helpful and respectful .
and want me to buy a new tire .
now i'm piss off .
i gave him my toyota care care .
he came back and told me i'm not cover .
i swear , i'll never go back there again .
if i could give a negative star i would .
but this place suck big time .
two hours later , it's still not done .
nope , denied because she said they ran out .
and as a result - oil was everywhere !
i am very disappointed and feel ripped off .
please do not go to this place for anything .
the staff is a very sad and angry .
needless to say im very disappointed .
i don't understand all of these glowing reviews .
this would explain the missing gas and mileage .
talk about not meeting your expectations !
do not use this company .
do not use this company .
so shady , never go to jiffy lube .
this is how you loose customers .
i wouldn't trust this location .
really never coming here again .
guy in charge never even said sorry .
not good at all .
then said bye and walked off .
this location is trash .
this tattoo is also a mess .
i highly do not recommend this artist .
if there is zero star i would give them .
the worst place ever !
charge is for the wrong material .
if i could give no stars i would .
don't bother on wasting your money here !
even the nail itself was lifting already .
dont waste your time or money here .
they are worse than no stars .
this place rates no stars in my book .
this place was very bad customer service .
worst place to ever get your nails done !
nope , nope , nope .
avoid this place at all cost !
someone would punch her .
she was rude the whole time .
you are paying to be treated like garbage !
this place does not even deserve a star .
tonight was the last straw !
update , this club is better than nothing .
very sad how this place has gotten .
don't waste your time or money !
i will not be returning here .
should have just went there instead .
worst gel manicure i've ever gotten .
i could have done better than this at home .
: ( won't be coming back here .
update found the gel polish against the wall .
the manicure was the worst .
i do not recommend this location .
it's awful and dirty .
messed my nails so bad !
the guy was so rude .
this place is disgusting !
i do not recommend ever going here .
this place is disgusting !
i do not recommend ever going here .
he starting yelling at me in front of customers .
i'm never coming back here .
this place is so bad they r rude .
i'm never coming back to it .
the worst manicure i have ever experienced .
first of all , the place looks very unsanitary .
( las vegas blvd & charleston ) .
burrito not worth the price .
i would never go back to this place .
mediocre tacos , mediocre service .
the food here is just really bland .
chicken tacos : not so good .
the chicken really lacked any flavor .
they ignored me like i didn't exist .
i was very impressed with the tacos .
not being very honest if you ask me .
( no connection ) .
apparently , it's salt .
how bad was it ?
too bad it wasn't edible .
this is the 3rd time , i'm done .
i won't be back and i wouldn't recommend .
since when do places charge to take things off ?
employees acting like they're working for free .
food is not bad but terrible customer service !
but that bad decision .
the food is not as good as other places .
let me tell you , huge disappointment .
overall , taco had no flavor .
i ordered the carne asada and carnitas tacos .
the quality of the food was mediocre .
high prices go even higher ordering " everything " .
anyways didn't feel like arguing .
after this spot i'm going to hate mexican food .
one star because the service is awful .
won't be going back .
this place had absolutely nothing that interested me whatsoever .
i was so disappointed !
and he also refused to stamp my card .
she talks to you like crap .
ice cream is ok .
she tested negative for both .
very very limited selection .
nobody greets you when you walk in .
they don't tell you to sign in .
here professionalism literally doesn't exist .
at that point i just left the establishment .
they are just simply rude .
would not recommend this place .
this barber shop is completely racist !
my husband had a horrible experience here .
and he's not even black he's mexican lol !
( he just has dark skin ) .
i tried to set a stupid appt .
the problem was solved .
i hate these people .
none will be renewed .
only , they would not cover the compressor repair .
what a poor excuse for a home warranty company !
they didn't care one bit !
until now they have n't done it yet .
the worst service i have never met .
suggest you save your money .
avoid these guys at all costs .
the worst home warranty insurance i have ever seen .
they are rude and unprofessional .
tonight they hung up on me lol .
avoid this one at all costs .
goodbye very soon , national home warranty .
no stars for this company .
do not use this company .
they did not even test their work .
worst home warranty service .
what a waste of money .
one star is too much for this awful place .
takes forever to get anything done with these people .
the girls in the office are clueless .
staff is rude , unprofessional and just clueless .
beware and go elsewhere !
so can't get here for at min 4-5 days .
won't renew policy next year .
this business is absolute ripoff .
this place is terrible .
do not use them as your home warranty .
recently they have gone completely downhill .
first of all , customer service is very tacky .
now i don't have a fridge and no food .
making a complain with the bbb today unacceptable .
plus i just had major surgery .
unless it was concerned an emergency .
not surprising they are not a bbb rated company .
it is a total con .
home depot has lost a good customer for life .
but not paying for there mistake was unbelievable .
i was way pissed .
polish is old and gross .
i won't be back .
very unprofessional my pedicure was was worst !
the polish fell off my feet weren't soft .
it was a waste of money and time .
smh definitely not going back there .
they lie and do shoddy work .
( i spoke too soon !
from start to finish , here it goes .
this was my third time going to vegas .
the potato soup had absolutely no flavor whatsoever .
avoid this place , seriously !
don't waste your money at this place .
not worth the money .
wish i had seen these reviews before going .
it had no protein except a few small beans .
the atmosphere of the restaurant is also quite weird .
the biggest rip off ever !
never been to a restaurant that stingy with ingredients .
i didn't eat here .
nothing to write home about .
the food was forgettable , at best .
this place is impossible to find .
very disappointed because it was super greasy .
service is so slow i wanted to leave .
will not try again .
i will not be going back .
this is not such a restaurant .
don't waste your money here !
terrible , terrible service !
the service was awful .
no spice no flair .
the sever never asked me a spice level !
not going to come again !
it was really horrible service .
however the food was too salty to our taste .
we regret our decision .
fried catfish was tasty , but tad salty .
duck fried rice was good .
it was extremely salty !
( not going out like our original plan .
i would not go back again .
marginal service and tasteless food .
it didn't even taste like a salmon .
spring rolls were unpleasant .
poor flavor and texture .
doesn't say a word about my friends dish .
i sit patiently staring at my food .
needless to say , i won't be going back .
started off with fried wontons .
but service was slow .
thursdays in particular seem to be the worst .
i would give zero stars if i could .
what a terrible experience .
avoid it if you can .
these workers have no urgency whatsoever .
waitress was not polite at all .
but i'm not coming back to komol for awhile .
i don't think that 's asking too much .
this place was soo disgusting !
we had indian curry and chicken satay .
so we hit komol instead .
the spring roll lacked filling and was flavorless .
pad thai was really weird and oddly sour .
the eggplant dish was truly horrible .
i am not recommend this restaurant at all .
i wouldn't recommend this place for any vegetarians .
bad food ever taste nasty .
the service was slow but very friendly .
worst customer service in the world !
one of the worse experiences .
how bad this experience was .
worst customer service i have ever seen !
what horrible customer service !
so basically that 's calling me a liar !
for it's price the room was terrible .
he was rude and would not listen to me .
that was a big mistake .
the toilet was not working .
one of the room door wouldn't lock .
the bad smells in the room .
we just walked out of the store .
they are dishonest and thieves .
i do not recommend this store at all .
they are a disgrace to las vegas .
will never be visiting this place again .
never seen so much selection all in one place .
no refund once you pay for your purchase .
so it ended up worst .
i'm never coming here again that 's for sure .
are n't you the doctor ?
as if she doesn't want to waste her time .
she didn't even listen to me !
this is by far the worst clinic ever !
what a horrible employee when we were checking in .
this place deserves a bunch of thumbs down !
didn't even give me antibiotics to prevent infection .
not a terrible place but not that great either .
the food was good .
my drink on the other hand was not great .
our drinks were not refilled during our entire luncheon .
shouldn't they stock up ?
they delivered bad service .
not even a real sincere apology .
this really sucks for me because i love pie .
she even repeated everything back to me .
not even a sorry .
this place is a nightmare .
it's so unorganized and dirty .
worst customer service ever .
i will never return to this store ever again .
very rude customer service !
i swear this people are dishonest and rude !
management really needs to look into this very unprofessional .
the cashier is rude .
service was bad , the manager couldn't speak english .
i picked up my jacket today and was shocked .
huge waste of time .
big waste of money and your time .
there 's dive , and then there 's dump .
the tables are n't great and they're too crowded .
the bartender was a lady who was rude .
ruined our experience to do something off the strip !
the dude running it was an ass very rude .
i am not coming back to this place .
sarah is the worst person who works here .
worst customer service ever !
i did not know too much about diamonds etc .
this place is a rip off !
horrible and dishonest jewelry store !
how cheap can they bee !
all of her guest were coming from california .
she had someone else handle the job for her .
finally they allowed us to keep the original date .
so this may be the reason .
getting information on flowers is nearly impossible .
then came the nightmare !
i'm thinking this is where the problem is .
mike the photographer was amateur at best .
wasn't even there on our day .
rude behavior and they were completely in accommodating .
if i could give them no stars i would .
slightly more run down than i would have expected .
everything else makes me want to cry .
unfortunately they love to nickel and dime you .
my major complaint was the photographer ( s ) .
and they are being ridiculous about it .
the photography is horrible .
from attitudes to photography it was awful !
old clothes and no water in the limo .
the dvd wasn't ready .
disappointing , all a bit unprofessional and shady .
obviously i'm an idiot .
the chapel of the flowers got it all wrong .
dont do the same mistake as we did !
so upsetting with this chapel !
please save yourself a headache and go elsewhere !
the place is understaffed and over crowded with patients .
it's not about the trash .
stop doing the wrong thing .
i get the run around every time i call .
bad company , sometimes good but mostly bad .
they said it law to have trash pickup .
the man on the phone was so rude .
the trash can was picked up over the holidays .
company is a mess .
republic services is awful .
she was not helpful at all .
this is an add on edit to this review .
they should be embarrassed of themselves .
well , no call so i call again .
if you don't play you can't win .
then , start billing ?
are you kidding me ?
if i could give negative stars i would .
absolutely the worst company i have dealt with .
this is really frustrating .
that 's how nasty the bathroom was .
was in the area with transportation problems .
don't know why this store stays open .
worst kfc i've ever been to in my life .
one night i drove up to this kfc .
i can not even explain how mad i was !
aka they didn't want to make them .
we tried calling twice and received no answer .
after the failed calls we drove back .
my kids were not happy .
the worst kfc i have ever been to .
this place is horrible .
they smelled a bit burnt even .
this place is a disgrace !
wish i could do zero stars !
to seriously long waits at the register .
when i approached the window i was not acknowledge .
i did not get a receipt or anything .
i will not be back to this kfc again .
this restaurant is not even own by japanese owner .
the sushi it self is just ok .
it's just kind of gross .
the waitress was horribly rude and short .
this is not authentic japanese food !
toro was not toro .
omg , it was not toro .
yellowtail should not be served straight from the freezer .
sorry , you can't fool me .
they even managed to make vegetarian sushi smell foul .
do yourself a favor , don't eat here !
this is not authentic japanese .
unfortunately , i have to agree with those reviews .
the rolls were somewhat sloppy .
the chefs where rude .
this place is nasty !
owner was friendly but thats about it .
the pieces were leftover odds and ends .
i couldn't believe they would serve that .
they should be embarrassed .
prices were the same , though .
i would never consider going back .
what a horrible business with atrocious customer service !
this place is horrible !
what the hell is this guy on ?
for him to be blatantly rude is just unacceptable .
everytime i call i always talk to rude allison .
yup , rude allison .
no more no less .
they didn't even bother try to work with you .
not even a reminder .
rude allison must be happy .
they're just rude rude rude !
however , a little honesty would be appreciated .
once there , nothing was prepared .
buyers beware and be certain before buying from here .
what 's one half of one half ?
ive gotten three piercings and two tattoos from jesse .
he told me to get over it .
i have n't been 1st he bad mouth .
will not go back .
i don't understand how this place stays open .
the worst customer service ever .
this place was pretty gross and uncomfortable .
if you're traveling solo , don't even bother .
so i won't be staying in one ever again .
the bathroom was clean , shower was fine .
terrible place to stay , really , don't go !
these employees stole me , my money !
there is nothing " professional " about this business .
i could not believe it .
this is not an unreasonable request whatsoever .
we were very disappointed on what we got .
first off , they make you get a tray .
first , the rice .
my beef steak wasn't good at all .
i never had and now i know why .
i doubt that tasted any better .
this is not how filipino food should taste like !
i was so disappointed .
this time it was bad .
no way to redeem it .
i didn't enjoy the food .
i didn't finish my adobo either .
that doesn't mean the food is horrible .
food is adequate to satisfy the appetite .
food is mediocre at best .
line moved really slow .
food quality was not good .
not worth driving from summerlin .
the restaurant itself did not look clean .
i normally do not do reviews .
if i could give no stars , i would .
don't let your baby get stress !
i've been here twice .
this place is very unprofessional .
the cycle of life doesnt bother me .
the nurses were miserable .
i was already stressed and scared about my surgery .
i wish i would have known this beforehand .
i'm thinking she's too lazy to do her job .
the nurses were not helpful at all .
i was thrown on the bed with no blanket .
there was absolutely no compassion or support .
what i witnessed was unbelievable !
but hello , do you think the administration cares ?
he treats his nurses like crap .
so many nurses have quit .
it's not their fault that they don't have time !
i felt sorry for the nurses .
nurses are so rude .
from the start the nurses were rude to us .
rude rude rude rude is all i can say .
my son found him unable to listen to anyone .
do not go to this terrible place .
my son found him unable to listen to anyone .
do not go to this terrible place .
i have been around really good food too long .
actually no stars would be more appropriate .
do not go to this hospital .
i was there for surgery on monday june 20th .
terribly rude , inconsiderate of my pain .
so rude and unprofessional .
not trained at all to care for surgery patients .
i've tried the pizza and ziti .
the mushrooms and meatball toppings were sliced razor thin .
i wish they had a zero star rating !
i would not recommend this pizza place to anyone !
the worst pizza i've ever had .
it was soggy and just tasted terrible .
maybe it wasn't my taste .
they were not for me either .
eh , it was okay .
garlic knots seemed a little lacking on the flavor .
we probably will not be going back again .
def not ordering again .
it was cold , greasy , and extremely unpleasant .
each time getting worse and worse .
i had two soggy disgusting cold slices .
but where they lack is in customer service .
probably won't be back just because of this issue .
the wings were tiny and incredibly overdone .
the crust was mediocre .
whatever you do , don't order for delivery .
it became very rowdy , very fast .
also the place is roach infested .
i pretty much hate going into this store .
my dish was a bit salty for my taste .
used to be good management .
raised the rent too much .
worst shopping experience of my life .
this is not a regular costco !
no alcohol sold here .
all in all , this costco was pretty depressing .
this costco is the worst .
still not happy there is no snack bar .
the worst experience of my life .
please learn from our mistake .
but this was just poor service at high prices .
i went through hell to say the least .
the front desk is rude .
what a mess their whole office is !
all i have to say is horrible !
i too really liked him at first .
i will not be seeing this dr again .
i hate this guy !
couldn't that have waited ?
i wouldn't recommend him to my worst enemy .
he has terrible bed manners .
this doctor is horrible .
he doesn't have his stuff together !
no customer service whatsoever .
still wasn't checked on .
so can't blame it on being busy .
clearly they don't know how to service customers .
parking in the mall is horrible .
it was loud , crowded , and messy .
are you really that ignorant lady ?
like it was no big deal .
lazy , bad customer service .
they are obviously greedy and shady people .
they are n't just general trash talking .
these people don't even deserve one star !
work together with crooked metro cops in towing scam .
they are the worst .
don't waste your time or your money .
their attitude sucks and they are no help .
like vegas is the biggest rip off city .
they are so unprofessional its not even funny .
rude , disrespectful , and down right terrible .
horrible horrible horrible customer service !
don't waste your money on delivery service !
i never received my damn newspaper anyway .
don't waste your time .
terrible , terrible customer service !
i will not waste a penny on this paper .
would i recommend this paper ?
you wait to get you paper on tuesday , .
didn't get a paper on mon .
edit : again , no paper .
it seems illegal to me .
they have lost this customer !
nah , i'm too angry !
i canceled because of the bad attitude .
they could just never deliver my paper consistently .
but the paper is not worth it .
just send me a damn fraud packet .
so i fill out the packet completely .
the letter is returned to me .
i only wish you would go with them .
today pissed me off too .
cox i hate you !
beware cox cable will ruin your credit .
cox has the worst customer service .
these idiots actually think people are stupid !
recently tried cable card .
save your money and go elsewhere .
are you kidding me ?
we went to same location , and saw juan .
hubby n i are not the hard customers type .
who knows they will lost something too .
hard to trust people these days .
i really really hate cox .
yes , as soon as possible , switching over !
and then i was hung up on .
i looked for another phone number to call .
but i opted to chat with with tech support .
don't spend your money here !
shame on cox and there leadership .
we will rip you off because we can .
i did and feel very sorry over this .
i wish i could give then a zero rating .
this is complete bs .
cox is a freaking joke .
i would give zero stars if possible .
try to stay away from this company .
apparently , that didn't apply to the internet .
in my house that won't stand .
so , so , so frustrated .
frustrated isn't even the word .
as for clear for home wireless - avoid it .
why am i paying for it ?
is there an option for zero stars ?
this is horrible customer service .
the fix worked and my internet speed increased significantly .
i will be switching from cox this week .
i wish there were more choices for internet .
i hate you so much cox cable .
i wish i could give zero stars .
so im being charged to install it myself ?
all i got was apologies but no solutions .
i filed a complaint with the better business bureau .
no help at all .
is this how cox does business ?
if i could give a zero i would .
called and they would not get it down .
so another visit from a tech .
what a crappy company !
i am extremely disappointed in the cox services .
sorry cox i am looking for a different provider .
she worked with my needs and was accommodating .
i am over cox at this point .
they promised me they would fix it .
got my first bill and there was no discount .
what horrible customer service .
not one dropped connection !
during the transfer , i was disconnected .
pricey monthly and bad services .
not so after you are a customer .
this company is the worst .
don't let cable companies have there way .
service was mediocre , prices were average .
and they won't honor their deal .
even the billing department couldn't understand it .
there business practices are horrible .
cox is a ripoff !
it's almost as bad as indian tech support .
oh , we don't carry the original boxes here .
my problem is with the cable .
i can't have a machine calling my cell phone .
he still never took me off it .
guess it's not illegal anymore ?
unbelievable how bad they really are .
well i was wrong .
cox cable is a joke .
ridiculous prices for crappy service .
but that is not the case .
but that is the excuse they gave me .
they dont deserve a star .
their customer service is terrible .
their billing is not organized .
terrible in every way .
and they are always raising my rates .
i couldn't believe it !
and they don't care if you are dissatisfied .
i also signed up for cable tv .
she was confused and then hung up on me .
2nd appointment was a no show & no call .
i don't have phone service , thank goodness .
i am angry because i was lied to .
cox has the worst customer service in the world .
horrible horrible horrible customer service .
doesn't seem like a big deal , right ?
i wish i had another choice for internet .
no good the worst .
in store service was quick , efficient and helpful .
worst company i have ever seen .
don't waste your time with cox .
these extra charges never should have been billed .
just really terrible , inept customer service .
by far the worst internet in las vegas .
i canceled my cox tv and phone .
i can not believe what just happened .
biggest mistake we ever made .
not worth the money !
terrible internet service and worst customer service .
i am always searching for an alternative to cox .
so many bad reviews about cox .
cox is the worst .
now i need to wait and reschedule again .
absolutely ridiculously bad customer service .
that 's just ridiculous .
waste of time and money dealing with this company .
if i can give zero stars i would .
worst customer service ever .
and now im getting late fees !
point blank , fuck this cable company .
now , that became a deal breaker for me .
these tactics should be illegal .
these were the worst during the summer months .
not a professional install , just a self install .
i get home wednesday , no internet .
i wait until thursday .
there was nothing until tuesday .
they didn't have a clue .
i did not get a sufficient answer .
don't waste your time with cox .
at this point i'm skeptical .
they couldn't help me .
i do not have time to wait around .
never ever ever sign up with this terrible company .
however it was actually rescheduled for thursday .
what a waste of time !
cox e-mail is just awful .
based on all these low ratings .
worst tv provider i have ever used .
it's their god awful internet service .
are the management people idiots .
they wouldn't give me to a supervisor .
why can't they get things right ?
it's the most frustrating thing ever .
if you have the choice don't choose cox !
do yourself a favor and avoid this company .
it's such a nightmare .
only you never wake up !
they wouldn't give me to a supervisor .
why can't they get things right ?
they however lack in every other department .
couldn't wait to share my bad experiences .
it is complete rip off .
my bill would continuously increase month after month .
so will i get a discount on my bill ?
you are really horrible !
i'm paying more for less .
i am definitely going back to direct tv .
ruined my super bowl party !
got to believe i wasn't the only one .
to hell with this company .
cox only wants to rip people off .
goodbye and bad luck cox !
how awful is this ?
never call and complain .
and the customer service line is worthless .
tv , internet , phone .
i've been ripped off by cox for too long .
terrible internet service provider .
do not get cox for internet service !
no one from cox is going to reads this .
shame on you cox .
this company is the worst .
i apologized and he doesn't reply .
i then stated , " they're with me " .
this is not an outlet store .
that 's a clear sign of poor management .
on top of that the customer service was terrible .
liked dr. nelson , however the office is awful .
billing office was horrible to deal with .
they tell me i need a referral .
plus no apologies for being late !
so it doesn't matter what office .
the sales associate sucks !
had a very unfortunate experience .
i don't even use the table that often .
uncomfortable to say the least .
i do not like walker furniture .
the sales staff is older than dirt and pushy .
very rude and unprofessional .
do not buy from walker furniture .
customer service is even worse .
i had to call repeatedly to get updates .
otherwise , i would give them none at all .
dennis has not called me back .
just don't go in there .
in my opinion this is unacceptable .
staff has no clue at all .
will not go back .
nice furniture horrible customer service .
im really annoyed by this .
no selection and they are expensive !
that really pissed us off .
horrible horrible customer service and lying salesmen .
please tell your employees to stop following people around .
what the hell is going on ?
i was furious , so i left .
you guys missed out on a good sale .
victor the sales rep sucks !
wanted to get my deposit back .
worst experience from the get go .
the mattress was not .
i called on monday no return call .
i asked him twice to please stop .
it doesn't make for a good shopping experience .
the worst customer experience of my life !
where the hell did customer service go ?
horrible customer service and experience entirely .
i have not gotten any resolve .
they just sent us here to pick everything up .
more time passed , no contact .
i didn't want to finance it .
is that a proper excuse .
what a complete and utter joke .
the dresser was supposed to be brand new .
walker furniture has the absolute worst customer service ever !
worst delivery service i've ever had !
these people are incompetent .
they don't stand behind their product !
everything has been downhill since then .
save yourself the frustration and buy elsewhere .
i did nothing wrong .
no offer to help me find anything .
terrible furniture and customer service .
avoid him at all cost .
i just left the store because of his treatment .
the chairs started falling apart from day one .
i will never buy furniture from them again .
they are not customer service friendly as they stated .
i was treated much better by the ashley staff !
staff named carol was very unprofessional .
very bad customer service .
your sister should not be your receptionist .
kept the e-mail because it was so unprofessional .
the man barely spoke ten words to me .
his bedside manner really lacks on all points .
i was very disappointed in the whole visit .
management did not appear to be present .
the store is dirty and u organized .
bad cheese , perhaps ?
if i could not give a star i would .
his front office is just horrific and rude .
how could you not care .
i would not eat here again .
at least the entrees were edible , i suppose .
rice has no flavor .
chicken is very chewy .
orange chicken was bland too .
the service was horrible .
no " have a nice day " .
my boyfriend isnt picky about food .
it was dry and flavorless .
none of them acknowledged us or even said hi .
they just looked at us and went on chatting .
girl was beyond rude .
just plain rude and unprofessional .
i just don't like this store .
i don't like the sales people working there .
anyway , my last visit was just the same .
this is the worst store .
absolutely no compassion from the dr. and its receptionist .
this place is a nightmare !
i can't wait to be done with my lease .
everyone who works there is busy .
there is no variety of product .
i have no intention of going back .
this place has horrible customer service .
parking -- absolutely sucks .
i was hungry and tired .
yes the parking is atrocious !
this place is the worst .
always someone begging in the drive thru .
the spices on the burger was too heavy .
am i coming back ?
they were cold and not very tasty .
there is no car behind us .
way too many people begging for money .
there is no reason they are so slow .
this by far the worse chinese food !
makes no sense to me .
it's ridiculous how they treat customers .
i'm ordering online from now on .
had a flat , closest to where i live .
and the car fell off the jack !
will not be going back .
extremely slow and unprofessional .
so i went the next day and same story .
the chicken was dry .
don't get me wrong .
wth is wrong with this chain ?
do not visit this premises on tuesdays lol .
total waste of money , cooks should be fired !
my experience here was terrible .
the catfish is terrible .
i hated to see him hungry .
okra tasted old and dried out .
fried chicken was standard .
greens were good buy missing some seasoning .
i went on a weekday around 4pm .
the cornbread muffin was burnt and dry .
i should have just left after that bad sign .
i tossed it in the trash .
will not be going back !
that will drive customers away .
i really wasn't surprised at all .
the fish was dry and salty .
safe to say i wont be returning .
he was so rude that he kept walking away .
i will never patronize this company again .
did not contain any seasoning i was really disappointed .
im not going back .
don't know if the management changed or not .
it also stunk like a huge butt inside !
i didn't care about the ambience .
their restaurant wasn't that crowded .
never been at a restaurant where you do that .
my boyfriend 's was not .
too little , too late , in my opinion .
we left , and didn't leave a tip .
wall knocked down between the cafe and casino .
it is really loud .
sadly , we will not be back .
burger king makes an ok jr spicy chicken sandwich .
our food was cold and order was wrong .
we did not return for a while .
i called bk customer service to no avail .
then got home and our order was wrong !
asked for nuggets fresh and yes they were cold !
the nuggets were cold .
oh well , guess it's time for another vet .
they wouldn't help me .
they make me sick to my stomach .
are you kidding me ?
i am no longer with them .
poor people stuck behind me .
no quick burger run here .
drive a little bit further and get done quicker .
this place is slower than slow .
this donut shop never have enough donuts .
then they argue with you .
i would not recommend this place .
not to mention in a very rough location .
i had to go to .
terrible experience with payment .
this isn't my favorite starbucks .
i will admit the morning staff are very friendly .
i miss my old starbucks !
first , i ordered my standard grande americano .
she is now making everything worse !
my coffee was pretty good .
i will not be returning to this location .
you can not access the bathrooms without a code .
this makes ordering here impossible for me .
not that it makes it bad .
unfortunately the food was just meh .
the shredded beef had very little flavor to it .
the enchilada sauce also needed some spice .
very disappointing and frustrating .
extra sour cream no guacamole !
a truly waste of time .
they were pretty awful today .
if the food is bad i'll write another review .
horrid service , attitude , and sanitary conditions .
waste of my time !
this was by far the worst shopping experience ever !
never had an issue or been asked that before .
dirty carts , incompetent pharmacy and a lazy staff .
i wish there was no star .
they do not care about their customers .
my practice has been to check dates on everything .
to get my families lunch needs taking care of .
it would change depending on the employee .
customer service is a huge aspect of grocery stores .
but today is frustrating .
terrible , isn't it ? )
it's not the money my bf paid .
did not receive final numbers to sign off on .
i walked out without a single purchase .
customer service wasn't particularly good .
shame on you southwest medical !
get real medical treatment elsewhere .
not a kids friendly urgent care .
they are so bad .
i absolutely hate this urgent care .
the disaster started quickly .
this person was not very well trained .
i'm not worried about you " .
she doesn't listen nor do she care .
god won't help you with the wait time .
i will not be returning .
not a good look for a medical facility .
i called sw to reschedule my appt .
i'm sure the lump is nothing .
we'll see , hopefully it's nothing .
they didn't even care .
he can't talk , drink , or eat .
( they didn't even pretend to care ! )
this experience should have not turned so wrong .
no antibiotics were prescribed .
none of the others said their names .
what a bunch of miserable people .
only good thing is they are open 24/7 .
i did not like the doctor .
he was very rude .
he wasn't able to do anything for me .
reading glasses are way off and hurt eyes .
distance are also not right .
however are still not right .
don't waste your time and money at this business .
they obviously don't follow a schedule ?
the staff is unbelievably rude and highly unprofessional .
there is normally a long wait .
not a good look for this nice neighborhood .
do not waste your time going here .
i am very pissed off .
the receptionist here is rude .
i am not even visiting the doctor .
that rubbed me the wrong way .
he needs to check his attitude .
that made it very inconvenient for other patients .
i do not recommend her to anyone .
are you kidding me ?
i'm sure you all can understand my frustration now .
the bad : very confusing store setup .
my wife could not reach many displays .
the displays were too cluttered and close together .
i don't feel that 's a reasonable answer .
i had to search all over the store myself .
i won't be going back .
it's such a shame .
selection of furniture was not great .
it's mid august with still zero payment .
not the last day of the month .
the lady was extremely rude on the phone .
the worst customer service in drop off .
if i could give zero stars i would .
don't recommend this joke of a store to anyone .
not impressed what so ever !
the next coach was much like the first .
not in our experience .
all i feel is a little bit dirty .
would not recommend for beginners .
we have not been back .
this place very much lacks the excitement .
i guess , chuck e cheese next time ?
needless to say , i was pretty upset .
i wouldn't have my kids birthday party here .
the workers here are really rude and mean .
i was extremely disappointed with this location .
not valid with any other offers .
i won't be coming back again .
second , most of the rides were closed .
i said is it the same price ?
what ever is left its ok .
on way out i did not see the manager .
needless to say , we will not go back .
this place isn't fun for families .
not safe for children !
why would you put your corporate office on yelp ?
extremely bad customer service .
she came back rude and unfriendly .
they're completely crooked and none of the nails match .
not to mention my nail broke already .
it is just so horrible .
my kid nephew could 've done a better job !
we didn't even get our mani only pedicure !
worst nail salon ever !
don't waste your time coming here .
sloppy service in a sloppy place .
i will never visit this shop again .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the manicure was even worse .
so i just left this salon .
there are better salons around this area .
this is certainly no todai .
my mom said the fish balls weren't too good .
the sushi are unremarkable .
i like the almond jello too .
it doesn't look too clean .
so to sum things up ; it's average .
call it a plain jane place if you want .
another chinese place that tries to do everything .
i don't why everyone gives them all these stars .
the stir fry is a joke and tastes horrid .
the alaska crab legs , and mongolian grill .
the food was meh for me here .
probably wouldn't go back .
the sushi was kinda gross , too .
first , the food was just not very good .
the plates were similarly not cleaned well .
they don't even bother to get you a drink !
i did not like eating here !
very basic things wrong here .
the floors were not clean .
everything that i tried was very salty !
the food was also either bland or very salty .
will i go back , no .
nope , the " sushi chef " doesn't care .
probably the worst asian buffet i've ever been to .
however , the food is terrible .
never been a fan at buffet asia .
there was not one dish that i enjoyed here .
the restaurant was 1/4 occupied .
its probably undercooked or bad already .
idk the food was just a huge mess .
one star minus one star = zero stars !
i would recommend staying away from this place .
the variety of food is lacking for a buffet .
you're better off going somewhere else .
however , i did come on a weekday .
this cant get any worse !
i gave her the damn receipt & walked away .
there is soo many other buffets in las vegas !
save yourself a headache & go elsewhere .
way overpriced for the terrible food they serve !
changed for the bad from what i've seen .
do not waste your money or time here .
the ribs are tasty but over cooked and dry .
crab rangoons had little to no filling .
the food here was simply ok .
the hot shrimp was probably my favorite thing .
the soft serve dessert was too icy .
dirty restaurant and way below average food .
the worst service ever .
majority of the seafood and sushi was not fresh .
crappy customer service stay away !
waitress didn't want to wait on us .
terrible place to eat at .
wow was this place awful !
so no variety there .
the restaurant was very dirty .
the floors were nasty and dusty .
avoid this place at all costs .
by the time i noticed it was too late .
never again , avoid this place like the plague !
but when you are done eating you feel disgusting .
disgusted that you at at this place .
they are poorly understaffed and they work really hard .
the service upon arriving was horrible .
i will not be returning to this place again .
the ladies room isn't quite as bad .
we couldn't get refills or dirty plates cleared .
i think it was empty and nobody cared .
this place was bad .
the food was not good .
not even the ice cream cones were good .
yes , avoid the seafood at an asian buffet .
the only time i've left an ayce still hungry .
and she looks at me like im stupid .
no comparison between this one and rainbow .
this is the worst buffet i've ever been too .
the employee was not friendly at all .
the bathroom are disgusting .
i will not be returning .
there dirty and the bathrooms are disgusting .
all the seafood was completely over cooked .
place over all seems dirty .
the worst chinese buffet in las vegas !
this is probably the worst restaurant i've ever been .
wish i could give a negative star !
terrible customer service and show no respect to customers !
i think nothing special .
honestly , i'd trust walmart sushi over this .
not a lot of selection either .
what buffet does that crap for soft drinks ?
the mongolian grill is gone .
service was terrible for a buffet .
it was filthy , absolutely no exaggeration .
goes to another stack and does the same thing .
this place is disgusting !
the entire building is filthy dirty .
the whole place is just nasty .
don't waste your money especially your time !
she rushed so quickly through the job .
there was no reason for a rush job .
i would not recommend .
find someone else to utilize .
this place is horrible and the groomers are unprofessional .
by far the worst haircut ever .
my dogs will not step foot in this place .
sorry , i wasn't impressed .
we won't recommend our foster friends return here either .
what a huge mistake .
very unprofessional and a horrible experience !
i would never take my dogs back here again .
is there a problem ?
then this happened which pissed me off .
they only take cash it's a must .
very disappointed and dissatisfied !
what the hell was it ?
they were hot and loaded .
if you're not a regular you get ignored .
don't come here unless you love bad service .
unfortunately , that was done completely wrong .
the pizza was not good .
it wasn't disgusting but not tasty at all .
i did like the cheese bread , though .
this place is pretty terrible .
would not recommend to anyone .
wasn't even cooked thoroughly .
warning : no video section at this store !
i am very disappointed .
i wish i could give a zero star rating .
what a terrible store !
this place is just like a hospital cafeteria .
not very many selections .
this place is terrible !
it looked gross and crusty .
more like crappy salads !
do not waste your money !
the gal was rude .
i should stop coming here , but i'm crazy .
very poor customer service .
that i could handle that , no problem .
just say no , this headache isn't worth it .
it was that bad .
i'd rather pay shipping and save the aggravation .
oh we can't do sat it's too busy .
so i finally gave in and canceled my appointment .
there is also nothing more convenient than the internet .
ulta needs to put their employees in check .
i wouldn't recommend this salon .
i have to go get my haircut again .
terrible , terrible customer service .
it was ridiculous and needless to say i didn't .
also , they wouldn't carry over my old points .
customer service doesn't seem to be a priority either .
try your makeup luck elsewhere .
it was so awkward .
once again , i was super disappointed .
long story short : my brows are ruined .
there isn't any connection with the customer .
however , the customer service is horrible .
they have the worse customer service ever !
i would rate it a zero if i could .
worst haircut of my entire life .
probably the worst ulta in vegas .
also called corporate and they seem to not care .
won't go here again .
i have n't been to a lot of robertos .
no soap in bathroom .
no lock on stall door .
no napkins on tables .
no plastic utensils to pick from .
clientele leaves a lot to be desired .
carne asada taco taco was dry and boring .
i just don't bother with this location anymore .
as usual burger king is out of ketchup !
i wish i could give it some negative stars .
just have sloppy made burgers .
the noodle came out with only ground pork .
however , we didn't taste any .
fail = zero stars .
but it was just ok .
not my favorite , but edible .
not just no , but hell no .
disappointed doesn't begin to cover it .
did not like it .
i won't be ordering it again .
i didnt notice till later that night .
all in all it was a horrible experience .
oh my goodness , wayne , your killing me .
don't take everything so personal .
we also noticed that we were missing an entre .
boo geek squad , boo .
now , why bother !
they won't be around too much longer !
finally someone came over .
she just read the description right below it .
they will never see me again .
martin looked at my purchase and immediately cast judgement .
that is not what happened at all !
such a huge disappointment !
won't return to this location .
absolute worst service i have ever had in retail !
would be zero stars if i could !
i had enough and walked out !
i will not be back .
best to buy somewhere else !
nothing crazy , an easy sell for the staff .
worst best buy i've ever been to .
no help at all .
this is where it went downhill .
but this one is terrible !
and i'm good on cable providers , too .
terrible store and worse management .
i asked some questions and got nothing .
sorry i can not shop there anymore .
i been treated like dirt .
she told me they didn't know where it was .
i will not make that mistake again .
this is regarding my black friday experience .
am i not trusted ?
is your cashier not trusted ? "
he somewhat rudely stated " it's not you " .
not even worth one star in any book !
the customer service here is completely nonexistent .
i walked in when the store opened .
she says to just wait for the email .
this store has to be the worst cvs ever .
i stuck it out .
my wife tried to help but made it worse .
don't bring a gun because you'll probably kill yourself .
today i got the worst job ever .
been there and not doing that again .
stay far away from any of the pet stores .
i will never step foot in this place again !
it's really quite awful .
your customer service is the epitome of trash .
i said no thanks .
other than that , i don't recommend this place .
i'm not going to say anything negative .
jim was helpful , professional , and courteous .
the cut was horrible .
they don't seems like they know how to style .
every dog seems to have the same look .
i won't be back .
this is such a huge disappointment .
words can hardly express this horrendous experience .
this stupid girl didn't do it .
let me try to walk him around . "
another girl was freaking rude as hell .
she didn't say anything and just walked away .
one is so unprofessional and one is so rude .
i made that mistake over past holiday .
i will never board my dogs there again .
i will not be back to this location .
that is not ok .
this visit was last saturday july 25th .
i will no longer go there anymore .
no one said hi or seemed very welcoming .
( she did not seem very happy ) .
what a horrible experience .
i am pretty upset and disappointed .
she just stood there with an attitude .
i am just wowed by this .
no , no , no !
this last visit was just the worst .
that 's not enough to do the volume .
the service is horrible !
i declined his offered and walked out .
horrible , horrible , horrible !
sprint used to be a reputable company .
you can not talk to a manager .
i can not wait to leave .
i wish i could give no stars at all !
this was insane to me !
sprint need better customer service training asap .
thank you for completely wasting my time and money !
it wasn't last , but close to it .
the customer service is god awful .
very rude to them .
management isn't any better .
she is beyond rude !
he had no problem doing this and was friendly .
so misleading and inconvenient .
not even one star is deserved .
it was very unprofessional .
i felt really disappointed .
very poor customer service .
the manager mary had poor customer service skills .
i got no response , just a total .
they filled my balloons immediately and apologized .
nothing but shoes were tried on !
they almost ruined our wedding .
i wouldn't recommend them .
my experience at this particular store was terrible .
they still couldn't get things right .
i don't recommend this store at all .
the thing is , it's not funny .
old navy used to have quality merchandise .
( even in las vegas .
this particular store is very depressing .
it is almost impossible to find your size .
not sure how long that will last .
however , the shopping experience was less than stellar .
this store is a disaster .
sale signs are n't clear .
so i did not purchase that item .
the manager just left the poor friendly cashier .
just a place to get food when you're desperate .
don't waste your time for your money .
didn't even say hello back .
it was nothing to rave about .
the meat was dry of epic proportions !
i couldn't even eat my food .
not anymore because of customer service .
the tom kha is mediocre .
this place has been busy whenever i've been .
the curries are disappointing .
the green curry isn't even green !
as a vegetarian i would rate this pretty low .
the food is great but the service is horrible .
i regret that i can not echo this recommendation .
i wish that were an exaggeration .
i don't know if i'll ever go back .
pad thai was horrible .
unfortunately i won't be returning .
had the worst service ever here today .
last nights dinner ( take out ) was disappointing .
the pad thai was well , pitiful .
needed more sauce and it would have been good .
it was completely dry and lacked flavor .
once again , don't do delivery !
will never go back there again .
this is my 3rd bad experience here .
i wasn't paying attention and wow !
small portions for high prices .
food isn't all that great .
i was really unimpressed .
this is so beyond unacceptable .
bad customer service food quality not that great .
lotus of siam made this same mistake .
it tastes watered down .
the tom yum kung soup is not good either .
visiting from california and craving thai food .
the service was ridiculous today .
food , service , all was crap .
the service was very slow !
we both hated our dinner .
only a few customer there .
food was cold and not high quality .
what do they just attempt to heat your food .
customer service was ok , but the food wasnt .
the taste was bland , very flavorless .
i wouldn't recommend it .
it ruined the whole dish for me .
not the best in town , in my book .
i am really disappointed with this place .
my husband got sick as well .
i'm still suffering from the food .
don't believe me , google it !
needless to say , i will not return .
do not waste your time with this one .
it's a rip off .
small portions with super expensive prices .
our last visit however was pretty disappointing .
never brought me what i needed .
the food was horrific .
the staff is inconsistent .
poor service and customer service .
table side guacamole was blah , no flavor .
this woman should not be a waitress .
i won't be coming back to this location .
there were empty tables .
we should not have eaten here .
my mouth was confused the whole time .
the table wasn't cleaned at all .
they gave us dirty plates for our appetizers .
cleanliness is very very poor .
buns were really hard as well .
probably not going to come back to this location .
wow this food is terrible .
the fries were soggy and not tasty .
i only ate two of them .
it was really bad .
i'm tell you this was terrible .
i couldn't eat it .
no more chilis for us .
warning do not use your card at this location .
place is freezing cold .
the california chicken flat bread was good .
hardly nothing to choose from and way overpriced .
these were the worst ribs i have ever had !
they were also very thin .
food was low quality and really bad service.
it okay , but i wouldn't order it again .
we will probably never return .
never again and shame on them !
however , it was rib steak .
no more deliciously flavored sauces at the table .
their hefeweizen beer is also way over priced .
started our bad , but they saved it .
last chance and not good .
husband : chicken alfredo pasta .
cheese smelled really rotten .
son : kid 's ribs .
my food was not good .
the sweet mashed looked old & dry .
not edible looking at all .
also had the sangria : tasted flat .
the quesadilla was super greasy , but kinda yummy .
it was extremely unappetizing .
never have we been so dissatisfied .
we walked in everything was fine .
the food was completely cold !
great food worse service ever !
epic fail this place all hands down !
their prices are misleading !
to start the guacamole was watered down slush .
do yourself a favor and avoid this place !
extremely disappointed with the food .
literally didn't taste like anything !
you're better off going to another taco shop !
stay away from that disgusting place .
his staff are rude , specially cashiers .
the food doesn't taste the same .
i would not be coming here again .
this place has gone down hill over the years .
worst carne asada fries in the world !
he didn't even put my book in a bag .
pathetic move on creative kids daycare .
cheap beer , inconsistent service .
waste of my money an tequila sunrise !
i regret my choice to bring her here .
worst place to take ur dog !
place is f n stupid !
she made me feel so awkward .
overall less than mediocre experience .
that 's what turned me totally off .
don't make any sense .
rude , rude , rude , rude !
late night rip off !
gut feelings should not be ignored .
i'm sorry but this is not ok .
they can't just keep a car without calling me .
never received a call .
i was really annoyed with my experience here !
but on the banner it says accepts all coupons .
worst customer service i have ever gotten .
the store was empty by the way .
will not be back to this location .
i'm so glad i didn't fall for it !
very average food , sub par service .
granted i gave my bacon away .
bacon was crispy , not microwaved like ihop does .
food is cheap and now i know why .
i will not be entering this place ever again !
gross gross gross gross .
i am incredibly disappointed .
honestly maybe they just had a bad day .
not bad , just meh .
the egg roll was disappointing .
the flavor was lacking .
the lo mein was a disgrace .
overcooked noodles with no seasoning .
really close and really cheap .
the rice smelled old too .
the food was terrible .
it was thick , sweet and really nasty texture .
the veggies were overcooked and the chicken was slimy .
sorry china joe but we will look elsewhere .
you'll be disappointed and sorry that you did !
most restaurants are busy at this time .
the food was not fresh at all !
they could be serving up cats and dogs .
the poor quality of the food makes it overpriced .
worst china joe 's i've been to .
the food was sadly less than i remember .
kinda run down but not too dirty or anything .
it was pretty slow .
the atm machine there is out of order !
i probably won't be back .
i wish i could give then a zero .
chicken wasn't as good as it normally is .
their curry was boxed japanese brown curry .
there wasn't anything stand out .
the service i got here was terrible .
the atmosphere was nice .
i am changing the end of my original review .
the rice is hard and does not taste right .
also the quality of fish has suffered as well .
will not be going there again .
therefore doing an ayce typically isn't the best idea .
wish i had n't done it .
half of our rolls were terribly put together .
the place wasn't even packed at the time .
the sushi did not look fresh and tasted bad .
the salmon was pale .
don't go to this one .
this place seems like it is under new management .
we had no problems getting drink refills .
actually i was embarrassed that that arrangement was sent .
the lady became extremely rude and insulted .
the older woman has no sense of customer service .
the polish is uneven .
stay away from place .
worst place i have ever gone !
the worst experience ever !
the tools are unclean and the women are unprofessional .
she didn't bother to clear her tools after that .
everything here is dirty and gross .
save yourself the trouble and the money .
this is where it all went wrong .
so rushed , painful and very aggressive .
unprofessional , dirty salon .
very poor service don't waste your time hear .
this place is awful .
save your money and go elsewhere .
by far one of the worst nail salons ever .
the pedicure was painful and there was no massage .
i would not go back to this place .
horrible experience there i will never go there .
lazy , horrible service !
not to mention she cut me !
not once , but twice !
over priced for garbage service .
horrible experience there i will never go there .
i repeat do not go !
they have cheap swap meet nail polish .
they did a terrible job on my pedicure .
the workers rushed & did a bad job .
there really wasn't a massage .
so wish i could give a nail fat zero !
the owner is so rude .
rushed work = money hungry people .
saturday rolls around , no call , no maids .
i could see in their faces the disappointment .
do not use this bait & switch organization .
horrible & outrageous customer service .
no idea how she got her position as owner .
they said it would be more like 11:30 .
she called me " white trash " .
these people are completely incompetent and unprofessional .
zero stars should be an option .
um , yeah no .
do not use this company .
buyers beware use office depot or staples .
this is an unfortunate review to make .
he had cut the keys on the wrong blank .
they were not apologetic and customer service really sucked .
this place reeks of cigarettes .
i will not use them again .
i am very disappointed .
too many cooks spoiled food .
the staff put scratches on my engagement ring !
snobby sales people are a turn off .
yeah we went to jared 's and hated it !
getting answers out of her were like pulling teeth .
worthless company and worthless jewelry !
unfortunately , that isn't the worse part .
that offended me so much !
i'm just not happy with this place at all .
they had terrible customer service .
however that was not why i stopped in .
how awful is that !
it was all very clearly false .
once they've made the sale they do not care .
they are horrible at keeping me up to date .
they just want their money .
they don't care about anything else .
not even a hello .
i did not have my fianc with me .
but your profit isn't made off one time buyers .
it's made off of returning customers .
don't fall for it .
no big deal , most places do this .
i am never going back to them .
it just takes too long though .
as he stated it did fall off .
as he stated it did fall off .
her behavior was unacceptable and no apology !
although customer service is always a hit or miss .
i was so upset to leave empty handed .
how rude and unprofessional !
i avoid going here at all costs .
i immediately called customer service and spoke with sara .
well as long as the wife doesn't force me .
im sorry guys but this was a horrendous experience .
she was young and stupid .
she bothered me and my boyfriend to much .
worst applebee 's ever !
first time i've never left a tip .
yes , it was that bad !
always the same crappy food and terrible service .
sadly , nothing 's changed except the decor .
we were disappointed for the last time .
it was disgusting while trying to eat .
i will not be going back again anytime soon .
food was great service was horrible .
applebees , i gave up all hope .
that would be our waitress kelly f .
just left from having a horrible dinner .
it wasn't even busy .
when the food came out , it was cold !
i will not be going back .
we ordered mango teas that tasted awful .
shitty service and disappointing food and drink .
he never once checked on us .
just pathetic for a corporate company .
u should be embarrassed .
the worst part : the restaurant was so slow !
i will be in no rush to return .
no one seems to care .
this time around was bad , bad , bad .
the mozzarella sticks were not melted .
i will not be returning .
first of all the cooks are atrocious .
they don't know how to properly cook steak .
the worst food ever .
other servers just walked past the trash .
this soup was not really fit to eat .
nothing against this restaurant .
but the employees and manager were extremely unprofessional .
do not take your jewelry to this place !
i would not recommend awards west for anything .
we will not be using them ever again .
seriously , didn't even fill them up .
i was really disappointed when i ordered here .
i am really disappointed in this domino 's .
there was no extra cheese .
really nothing but bread .
not my freaking fault !
it seems like they checked out .
the wait was very long .
no seriously , half the box was empty .
worst sonic in town don't even bother .
the slush machine was not working again !
this place will never get my money ever .
wonder why the customer service sucks .
low class establishment you won't spot me there ever .
it's not the bank .
they seem to have more wigs than anything .
i wouldn't recommend going in the evening .
the customer service was horrible .
and the prices are misleading .
i was excited to try this place out .
however , i was greatly disappointed .
i didn't have a problem with the location .
not one of them greeted me .
she could barely speak english .
everybody else just walked by .
what a waste of some gas money .
the staff was nice , but slow .
now , everything has gone downhill .
the service is lacking .
terrible rude lazy staff .
everything about this place screams shut down the doors .
it wasn't a satisfactory experience .
wish they could get it right .
omg , this placed sucked !
no way , this place was a joke .
the manager made lame excuses .
came in for lunch and had a horrible time !
but our overall experience was terrible !
needless to say they've definitely lost our business .
if you have taste buds don't go here .
he decided not eat his food .
it was soo gross !
i wish i could give them no stars .
i'm never coming here again !
it was quite a disappointment .
by then everyone was done .
the worst was mine .
the experience was not good .
food wasn't the best .
we asked for more water twice and more bread .
this time it was worse .
so , very disappointed !
sorry macaroni grill , we will never be back !
only giving one because customer service was okay .
will not be returning !
unacceptable for a five dollar bowl .
she had fettuccine alfredo with chicken , also average .
i wish there was zero stars .
the place was empty .
no smiles , no chit chat .
the service was extremely slow .
the chicken parm was ok .
there wasn't enough sauce .
this place has really gone downhill .
it was so disappointing .
a tomato creamy and a tomato basil garlic .
both were not good .
too salty and just bland no flavor .
not many vegetarian choices .
pasta was cooked well but was not made fresh .
sucked it up and ate medium well steak .
my first and probably last time here .
table bread was overwhelmed with rosemary .
tried the blackened chicken and fettuccine alfredo .
completely abandoned without even a word .
but the service was severely lacking .
not worth the time or money .
and then set down the menus and left .
walks away and under his breath says " christ .
except there was no host .
instead , another server got us refills .
sadly , i won't be coming back here .
she didn't say anything nor did she smile .
there is no sense of urgency in this place !
what a disappointing experience .
well , the drinks are cheap .
do not eat here .
it just keeps getting worse .
i'm in hell right now .
) , but i will never go back now .
not even for a drink .
oh , and the bartender was surly as hell .
the service was sooo slow though .
that was a mistake .
to top it off , they do awful work .
don't go there you will be disappointed .
i dont understand how they any customers .
worst nail salon i have ever been to !
this place is very dirty and very unorganized .
very slow on delivery .
everytime i go there the pizza is late .
people that walked in after me got their pizzas .
not only was it late but it was wrong .
one was the wrong size wrong crust .
at all costs avoid this location !
leave it outside to air dry at home .
this place is freaking ridiculous and way over priced .
because she never told me , that 's why .
i guess i'm old school whatever .
such is not a good thing .
dining here was a poor experience for me .
they didn't have my second choice for pie .
i'm annoyed and done with this place .
i'm annoyed and done with this place .
worst experience in a restaurant .
the staff was very lack luster .
acted like they didn't want to be there .
the iced tea was not brewed .
the meatball sliders , were just ok .
you get two , i sent one home .
had a bad night at this location .
yet they wouldn't do anything about it .
i hate pecan pie .
needless to say , i won't go back .
an overall extremely lackluster dining service .
better service equals bigger tip .
the place is disgusting .
either the food gets too hot or too cold .
won't be going back here for the apple pie !
not worth the gas to go back .
fries were very plain .
my ordered was served minus utensils or napkins .
went for lunch with my husband .
the meat was very bland .
the bread was soggy .
probably sitting under the warmer too long .
it's dirty and old .
now , it's tired and worn down .
workers are never happy or pleasant , nor helpful .
how is this crap hole still standing ?
i can't stand walmart .
i hate this walmart .
i won't make that mistake again .
rather stand and pretend that they don't see me .
dry , unfriendly , sarcastic .
worst walmart in las vegas .
just not this one .
horrible , horrible , horrible !
the staff if very rude and angry .
very disappointed with the cashier we had .
do not get auto service done here !
this walmart is not your typical walmart .
and , it's not a super center .
this location is probably the worst i've been too .
usually always a mess & their customer service sucks .
not safe at all .
avoid this location at all costs .
the pharmacist and the workers are so rude .
nope it's worse than ever .
please avoid this place at location at all costs .
don't waste your money either .
the food was gross .
they were chewy and flavorless .
if i could i would give negative stars .
not the best way to get new customers .
no , it comes from a can .
the service was not attentive at all .
had to ask for water , never offered .
never checked on us until we were done eating .
the wait staff were courteous and attentive .
again , the food was lukewarm at best .
i had biscuits and gravy a half portion .
a little salty but i like that .
the bathroom was ridiculous and i'll skip those details .
i had biscuits and gravy a half portion .
a little salty but i like that .
the bathroom was ridiculous and i'll skip those details .
cheese was bad and had a funny smell .
worst customer service i have ever had .
i had biscuits and gravy a half portion .
a little salty but i like that .
the bathroom was ridiculous and i'll skip those details .
no flavor in the food .
this place is in need of a major overhaul .
overall not super friendly environment .
the setting was a little awkward .
the waitress was nice but not very attentive .
doubt i'm coming back .
we will never return due to the inattentive servers .
never a " hi , how are you ? "
i would not advise it .
disgusting food and disgusting employees !
it was old tuna !
i used to love ihop but not anymore .
too high priced for an ihop .
i ordered a simple turkey club .
very typical breakfast fare for a decent price .
i wish i could give them zero stars .
styles try too hard lately .
i dunno , i am just not into it .
worst customer service i've ever received !
and no real paper trail .
worst experience at a dry cleaners by far !
just down right nasty .
i couldn't even eat it .
i'm cheap , i mean like cheap cheap .
this location could be the slowest in las vegas .
this is worst nail salon in las vegas .
they are so mean and unprofessional .
horrible service , not worth the money you pay .
i need my eyebrows done bad !
it looked like she didnt do anything !
don't ever go there for eye brown waxing !
the pedicure took forever !
the place looks so ghetto too .
needless to say the water got cold .
they are not even rated as a whole star !
when we came horrible customer service .
he said no he doesn't soak them .
he had a negative attitude .
( anna no longer owns her salon .
extremely opposite of my past experiences with salons .
glad i didn't get any work done .
she loudly told me it would be more money .
no one asked for that .
how in the heck is that possible !
this place is disgusting .
she is terrible with customer service .
buying books should not be a negative experience .
my whole experience here was short and unpleasant .
can't say that i was too terribly impressed .
not much personality and not very friendly .
really no need to come back here .
the staff wasn't rude , but certainly wasn't friendly .
not great , not bad , it's panda express .
not a minute to consider your thoughts .
my guy never returns .
the food isn't good enough for this aggravation .
heck , it's not good , period .
if u r n a hurry skip this place .
i would not come here again .
the manager here was awful .
she was not pleasant at all .
everyone should stay away from this place .
it is truly disgusting and unacceptable .
but i just couldn't .
the receptionist is always unorganized & unprofessional .
customer service is past mediocre .
front desk ladies are ghetto and awful .
too many ghetto girls with horrible attitudes .
they won't go far in the beauty industry .
this location is the worst ever !
i sooooo would not recommend this location .
the guy was so ignorant i walked out .
i'm hungry now but i'm not gon na beg .
both times my pizza was delivered at room temperature .
you can't put mushrooms on top of the cheese .
she says i didn't !
with no reach around !
pizza was just nasty and had no flavor .
i for one do not want to hear that .
or you'll be losing me as a customer .
do not go to this nail salon .
i'm never going back there again .
and the overall job was not good .
service wasn't good at all .
they also cut my friend and didn't even apologize .
had a horrible experience with tony .
he was really rude .
worst customer service ever .
this place is utter garbage .
i would not suggest this establishment to anyone .
nothing much has changed here .
no call , no email .
that was a mistake .
the tech support at this location is a joke !
customer service and communication was horrible .
i will never come back to midas again .
rude and blatantly disrespectful to customers .
i genuinely hate this place .
remember that oil check i mentioned above ?
both times i've eaten here i've gotten sick .
tried different stuff each time , didn't matter .
the service is lacking here also .
from poor service to mediocre food .
is not worth the money .
never visited an olive garden before .
i sat down and was given menus .
i got the salad , wife got soup .
needless to say i wont be coming back there .
olive garden should be embarrassed .
my husband 's food wasn't the best either .
being lied to for no reason is ridiculous .
worst experience at an olive garden ever !
service needs improvement big time .
i was was very disappointed not coming here again .
i will not go back to this location ever !
very fake energy and stingy service .
this sucks and i'm hungry .
communication was bad because she barely knows english .
i won't be back .
like most tire stores this one isn't any different .
they will not balance your tires .
they will not give you a wheel alignment .
they won't even check the air pressure .
once i took a sip i was really disappointed .
overall , i wasnt too impressed .
chicken was undercooked as i noted a few times .
the food was disgusting !
no paper wrap chicken , no bbq anything !
rice was flavorless and boring .
second of all customer service sucks here .
i was missing one of our burgers .
then i try to call them but no answer .
what 's wrong with them !
one of the worst customer service experiences .
nothing ever works here .
the place is very low class .
he was too busy talking about cameras .
then the owner comes over and says hi .
he felt offended and kicked me out .
down right bad customer service .
will not come back here again .
i felt like trash while everyone looked at me .
unfortunately i can't put a half a star .
this law firm is a mess .
the plates were pretty gross .
the bottom of the plates seemed dirty .
the food was very disappointing .
i didn't get sick , though .
don't go , not worth the money .
the owners can't seem to figure it out .
this place is a total ripoff !
then continued to walk away .
this place is nasty !
he apparently didn't install it correctly .
they need training on organization and cleaning .
it's cheap and i like bargains .
this ross is disgusting and crowded .
the line is ridiculously long majority of the time .
first time , order was incorrect .
eh whatever , i said .
didn't let it bother me this one time .
everyone seems down and out .
- lastly , orders are never accurate .
all because their customer service sucks .
i am so pissed !
i love sonic but this one is horrible .
this smiths doesn't do that .
this place is horrible .
even walmart has better customer service .
she is totally lacking customer service .
this place is giving us too much hassle .
more people begging in parking lot than customers .
products never labeled correctly .
never enough cashiers or employees at customer service desk .
there is not much to say though .
because it becomes a war zone here very quickly .
pharmacy customer service is horrible !
nothing but ghetto employees .
the whole ordeal took an hour and a half .
go tell ur manager to hire more cashiers !
but this walmart does not !
if i could put negative stars i would .
is this not annoying to you ?
this wal-mart is dirty messy and unorganized .
never do they have enough registers open .
slow , high prices , and worst customer service .
i hate this walmart !
i had the worst experience here .
people like that shouldn't get away with that shit .
i felt bad for both waitresses .
edible but there was something off about the taste .
( he had shrimp in a prior visit .
and the tortillas tasted weird .
i don't see myself coming back .
in conclusion - no thanks kfc !
i'll get my fried chicken fix elsewhere !
they were very stale and dry .
then my order was wrong .
just not worth it .
is there a juice shortage ?
it's not expensive for juice quit being greedy .
i couldn't tell due to the hospital lighting .
worst customer service i've ever had .
not my favorite way to start a meal .
my advice , avoid this place period .
definitely did not feel wanted here whatsoever .
when my dinner was delivered , no gravy .
lastly , the bathroom was filthy filthy filthy .
horrible service tonight usually pretty good but not tonight .
just came from this location , not very satisfied !
well , i would give this hole no stars .
thankfully i didn't have to pay for it .
will never return to another applebee 's again !
first and foremost they have no vegan options .
so ya there was really no taste except salt .
probably won't be coming back .
seriously the food shouldn't take an hour to arrive .
we didn't eat our dinners .
worst experience i've ever had at an applebees .
but our visit to this location was awful .
again disappointed i wont step foot in here again .
the set up is ridiculous .
service was terribly slow .
i simple asked for the pickles they forgot .
long wait at the drive thru .
horrible place , do not take your pets .
ears were not cleaned and nails were not cut .
my wife and i walked in , starving !
the lady ignored me and walked away .
some of the customers were very loud and ghetto .
i didn't want to go into the bathroom .
why do they always give me cold fries here ?
i hate cold fries .
worst food and customer service from the manager .
drive thru order is never correct .
both are highly lacking here .
no come back again .
they are very inconsiderate and their work is sloppy .
she told me they don't take that one .
the prices they charge are a bit much .
the place looks run down .
she is a tall thin lady .
they served the wrong meal by mistake , understandable .
not worth even tasting .
my waitress came to wait on me immediately .
the potatoes were under cooked and tasted raw .
our regular server was not here .
they're not opened at 6am .
worst customer service ever !
the female workers there were out right rude !
too bad everything else wasn't .
why am i never greeted upon entering the store ?
racist a $ $ holes .
ok , so let 's try the food .
the barbeque chicken is dry .
i will not go back here again .
absolutely not trying to fix the restaurant at all .
holes all over the place .
pad thai doesnt even taste like pad thai .
it is missing the mark on the food !
blue light special or not this place sucks !
very limited selection , high prices .
the second kmart i went to today .
the most incompetent people work at this particular store .
the store is a disaster area .
you can't find anything that you are looking for .
there is no method to department arrangements .
he ruined my shirts and offered me minimal compensation .
this location like most others was very busy .
do not take your dogs here !
even when my dog got loose and ran away .
and i quickly removed my child !
they don't pay for mandatory meetings .
worst car wash experience ever .
i do not leave tips for crappy work !
looks like they didn't wipe down a single surface .
bugs still remained all over bumper and lights .
they don't take care of your car .
what they want is your money !
this idiot denied it ever happened .
the line was crazy long because it was friday .
restaurant was very dirty inside .
that should have been a red flag to me .
so i became upset at this point .
mentioning that my request was not rocket science .
i didn't want anything free .
no more no less .
she asked me how is she to prepare that .
amazingly the chicken strip appeared before my eyes .
fortunately for me , my sister understood everything .
so unprofessional and plain rude !
very poor customer service .
the chicken in the wraps were good .
the wrap itself was sooo plain .
i don't like writing these kinds of reviews .
this place has terrible customer service .
that is so ridiculous .
they must not want any business .
u even ask me am i done ?
i went here first and was absolutely frustrated .
the first time i walked out went like this .
if you are in a hurry avoid this location .
i couldn't wait , so i left .
has no desire to assist customers with anything .
too bad most choices are just as bad .
what kind of money establishment is this ?
not to mention the fees .
are n't we 21st century one nevada ?
another driver today at 4:30 .
the bread was always always soggy .
quite disappointing considering the reviews .
when my incorrect order arrived it wasn't even correct .
but the fact that they lie is unacceptable .
there 's no honest mechanics anymore .
i would not go back here .
needless to say , i was pretty disappointed .
she didn't even wait to ask what had happened !
they can not be trusted .
absolutely horrible driving service and even worse customer service .
avoid at all costs .
next up , a better business bureau review .
however , my experience was not a good one .
only one heater worked .
do not use this company .
the dryer has never worked properly .
yes , that is a direct quote !
sad really it has n't always been this bad .
nothing about this place says home .
saturday hours 9am opening .
first time had horrible customer service .
took my car in to patch a flat .
how could you possibly mess that up , right ?
this taco bell doesn't not sell pizza .
filthy place with low standards go somewhere else yelpers !
my taco bell satisfaction was ripped from me .
i am so tired of this taco bell !
this morning it was horrible .
i guess it's typical fast food .
this taco bell is trash .
this morning it was horrible .
i guess it's typical fast food .
can i do negative stars ?
the worst food ever .
beware of the groupon !
we don't take new clients any ways . "
she then kicked me out of her store too .
they deserve to be shut down .
first of all , what the hell is that ?
the worst customer service i've ever experienced .
laura is rude and sarcastic .
there will be way less aggravation .
what a stupid thing to say .
she is not an asset to this company .
no explanation , never a call from laura !
room smelled bad with the scent of old food .
are you kidding me ?
the list could go on and on .
and this place has the worst hold music !
she claimed that i could go over at 10am .
my husband told her that wasn't good enough .
the food left me disappointed .
the only thing that tasted fresh and was hot ?
heck my horchata was even mediocre .
we will not be going back !
menu looked good but the breakfast burritos were horrible .
oh and the pickled carrots were good .
on a two occasions they messed up my order .
the line at the drive through is always slow .
the food here is terrible !
i should have followed my gut feeling .
what pushed it over the edge this time ?
a simple order , two chicken enchiladas .
worst fucking place ever !
the lady was so rude and bad manners .
my boyfriend got me rolled tacos last night .
our drive thru order was missing items .
also , no utensils and minimal condiments .
i was picking it off .
i probably won't return .
don't eat at this location .
the beef tacos were made with cooked boiled beef .
i won't be coming back .
its like storage no restaurant .
ill never go again !
the food lacks any real flavor and is greasy .
boy was i even wrong to consider this mexican .
trust me if anyone knows mexican food its me .
i prob wont be back here again .
save ur money and dont eat here .
this hotel will never get our business again .
this is not an isolated incident .
beware - it's not worth the risk !
literally worst hotel i've ever stayed in .
the breakfast was disgusting .
all in all , it was terrible .
i wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
she was older and not very friendly at all .
no apologies from him .
but will not be staying here again .
would not stay here again .
the staff needs to get their sh*t together .
will not use again .
the crust is just too overly seasoned .
that really turns me off .
they don't deliver to the luxor .
many times drivers do not even have napkins .
we stick w/ papa for chain pizza delivery .
but the deliver guy was so weird .
i will never order from here again.
he was way to weird .
i waited outside , no one came .
needless to say , i cancelled my order .
maybe they just suck at thin crust .
it won't be any time soon though .
i wait , wait waited again .
i do not recommend this place .
never the less my daughter enjoys this school .
don't take your date here .
such a frustrating experience !
my problem with them lies in their pickup procedures .
sat at the window for about ten minutes .
curly fries were chewy , greasy and cold .
won't make this mistake again .
every time i go my order is always wrong .
don't waste your time coming here .
the food was bland and watery .
and chicken in garlic sauce with fried rice .
however , my chicken dish was nasty .
i don't know , i can't explain .
bad idea to cook and serve this to customers .
yeah , i just didn't like it .
pass , do not stop at go .
both of it was bad chinese food .
this place is flat out horrendous !
everything was pretty bland .
the potstickers were cold .
the fortune cookies were stale ( or something .
oh baby it's bad !
anyway , the food doesn't taste good anymore !
i just don't love the bread .
i have not received any billing for this amount .
they lack experience and professionalism .
they have done nothing but be unethical and unprofessional .
much more to tell but not enough space .
this place is horrible .
they're very very tricky and misleading regarding billing !
customer service is horrific !
who ever is in charge should be replaced .
i don't understand how these guys are in business .
i hate this place !
he was too busy to respond to his customer !
customer service is not high on their list .
this bank is the worst bank !
taking my money out .
i would not recommend working with them .
i don't know how these people are in business .
wow too much for a union .
worst service in my life !
worst company i have ever done business with .
they never gave me a quote .
the worst and unprofessional company .
their staff was rude .
like literally threw it in there .
i was totally disgusted .
are you kidding me ?
customer service - what customer service ?
literally doubled my bill .
will not be returning .
neither bothered , so one star .
i walked in and ordered three tacos .
carne asada is shredded beef not steak .
their al pastor was kind of bland .
a big let down to cheap and easy mexican food.
this place has a roach problem .
wouldn't doubt if they are serving expired food .
avoid this filthy restaurant .
worst rental car experience ever .
worse experience when renting a vehicle .
also the website is terrible .
no acknowledgement or help whatsoever .
or no customer service .
the bad reviews are true about chef rubber .
worst customer service ever .
if you decide to buy online , good luck !
i don't like this place .
now i have to wait another week for delivery .
i can't believe that there are not more complaints .
next time , i'm going with someone else .
i guess traffic was bad ?
so he can be late but we can't ?
how freaking dumb is that !
all in all , the bus wasn't terrible .
but the service from the driver directly was terrible .
foot traffic noise in this hotel is exceptionally bad .
here 's where it gets really bad .
there are literally hundreds of hotels in las vegas .
newly renovated room have an extremely strong smoke smell .
i'll start off with the good parts !
no conditioner in there restroom so bring your own .
proceeded to wander baggage claim looking for our driver .
realized left phone in car .
the worst place to rent a limo .
horrible company with horrible service .
horrible , horrible people .
this is the worst place to do business with .
they are truly awful .
incompetent and should not be in the healthcare industry .
wish i could use them here .
i should have just went through another company .
just decided to take money out of my account .
nothing like kicking a person while you're down .
this company is lower than pond scum .
they provided me with this companies information .
skip this cab and take the next one .
what a ridiculous line .
driver was rude as well .
deserves a worse rating .
skip it if you can .
seven yelpers in a row can't be wrong !
the drive was very rude .
skip this company if you can .
the drive pulled out going the wrong way .
thought i was gon na die !
feels like i'm in the casino !
i asked for air conditioning and barely got .
this experience with vegas western cab was disappointing .
do not use this cab company !
do not use this cab company !
that 's such a bad impression of his company .
this is not my first trip to vegas .
they suck and ripped off the wrong person !
i walk in only to be greeted by mr .
" lady , don't hand me that bullshit .
trying some chit chat .
what terrible customer service .
i would avoid using them if possible .
their customer courtesy is lacking .
terrible , dishonest service .
disgusting , old cab .
in summer , the driver had the heat on .
i would not recommend ace cabs , at all .
they were unreliable and unapologetic .
do not use this taxi company !
oh my gosh these people suck !
twice already they've been reported taxi authority .
worse service by far .
then , the nightmare began .
this guy was terrible !
they are horrible and give false pick up times .
what a waste of time .
by far the worst cab company in vegas !
i do not recommend this cab co at all !
left me waiting , no show !
this is the worst cab company in las vegas .
they deserve a negative !
these people dont even deserve a damn star .
an hr past i called them .
bullshit , ghetto ass company .
i left my phone in the cab by mistake .
i will never use ace cab again .
wouldn't recommend these guys to anyone .
one of the worst cab companies in las vegas .
avoid this cab company if at all possible .
not a good choice .
no choice but to drive myself to airport .
don't stress yourself out , pick another company .
frustrating start to weekend getaway .
i've had several bad experiences with this cab company .
jesus christ i hate this cab company .
the fee is only for leaving .
an hour goes by , nobody shows up .
anyways , can't recommend .
thank you ace for making a case for uber .
uber can not get to vegas fast enough !
these idiots are worthless .
i received none of these .
driver : the strip looks like a mess .
me : no , i didn't like your attitude .
he would not stop .
i really find that hard to believe .
avoid this cab company at all costs !
zero star if i can !
i personally think it's a load of crap .
we insisted that it did not .
they don't deserve any stars .
don't understand the good yelp rating ?
a bunch of crap union cab .
wish there was an option to give zero stars .
the dispatch wasn't any help .
this is after waiting almost two hours .
don't use this service !
i would give them zero stars if i could .
if i could give a zero i would .
at this time , im like , really bro ?
dear jesus , worst experience of my cab life .
taxi service was horrible .
well , what 's wrong with the head ?
left there feeling completely ripped off .
total rip off job .
had to have an alternator replaced on our coach .
do not use this biz , you'll be sorry .
body shop from hell !
forgive me if this seems a little harsh .
some of the front office staff is rude .
getting a call back on referrals is extremely difficult .
not my idea of care .
she didn't look well .
an hour goes by , nothing .
another goes by nothing .
my gf was in pain .
didn't want to see what happened tomorrow .
so they are terribly overworked .
i'm never going there again .
this medical center is a joke .
wow , this was terrible .
not so urgent at all .
stay away from this place like the plague .
front desk staff is rude .
avoid at all costs .
rude beyond belief and incompetent .
this spot is a must avoid .
i gladly went elsewhere to complete the process .
the service is horrible .
the staff was rude and unorganized .
this place is the worst .
he will give you wrong diagnosis !
after waiting two hours i was called back .
the staff is incompetent and unprofessional .
this place isn't worth it .
don't come here if you ever get hurt .
she couldn't stop laughing .
it actually was a little bit scary .
i wish zero was an option .
overall the wait times are long .
this place really sucks !
this place is ridiculous .
this is unacceptable and unprofessional !
avoid this medical center at all costs !
total waste of time .
she was horrible , so rude and very unprofessional .
she was the worst .
very unorganized , super long wait times !
don't come here if you have a choice .
it was very hard for me to tolerate this .
the bedside manner leaves much to be desired .
wish i could give no stars !
they don't seem to care at all .
urgent care not so urgent !
what a waste of my life !
peter d from san jose .
one star because i can not award less .
bad product , bad attitude , stay away .
barely made our flight on time .
horrible way to end a great week in vegas .
i will not use this " service " again .
very shady business practices .
do not use this company !
no apologies , and certainly no customer service .
do not use this company !
avoid these guys at all costs !
worst limo service ever !
as of today no one returned my call .
they have the worst service .
do not ever use them .
do not use them , for anything .
this place absolutely does not deserve customers .
no call no show !
guess they don't need any business .
what a horrific disaster these people are .
boy was i wrong .
its obvious they do not want our business .
i would not recommend this company .
these guys are rip off artists !
angie 's list and everywhere else .
if i could give no starts i would .
but everyone should stay away from this company .
i am sure sierra gets parts for much less .
monday came and went and nothing .
i once again wait for another week .
bye bye sierra a/c !
a week later they returned to install the part .
avoid at all cost !
problem is it's july in vegas .
the security system was a whole new nightmare .
was over and the grease come over mi food .
i lose mi money .
i highly recommend do not go here .
it doesn't represent their brand at all .
in specific , the tv isn't good .
avoid the emergency room at all costs .
then he just simply left .
so i simply left .
long story short they are now billing me .
a bill which i will not pay .
this hospital is just a money making scam .
they don't care about your health .
these people are horrible .
just wish doctors these days tried a little harder .
worst place to be if you truly need help !
old building / facilities .
way long wait times in the er .
way long wait times to get into a room .
not a pleasant place to be .
horrible experience is a nice way to put it .
do not go here !
these people are rude and unprofessional !
no results , nothing .
i wish i could give negative stars !
the story doesn't end here .
it's true the er is a mess .
i don't want to even get into it .
it's disturbing to go further .
this place is the worst !
i am so losing my patience .
no wonder all these patients are so angry .
it's worst than the county .
i'm so torn on this review .
the nurses at the front lack total empathy .
the name does not fit her .
the nursing staff in general is horrible and rude .
and the hospital itself was dirt and careless .
i would not recommend this hospital .
worst er experience ever !
they admitted him quickly and ran blood tests .
it is a scary nightmare .
hmmm , i wonder why that could be ?
holy cow , talk a horrific experience !
this is the absolute worst hospital in las vegas .
they flat forgot about me at lunch time .
he neither cared for the patients nor their problems .
won't be coming here again .
initially i was treated quickly .
my pain is getting worst .
really horrible bedside manner .
it's stressful enough but this made it worse .
the doctor spent about a minute and was gone .
it's a complete fraud .
they proceeded to tell me she left .
so they were all lying to me completely .
terrible doctors , nurses .
i was not even the patient !
beyond tired of waiting .
worst hospital experience ever .
such a disappointment about moving to this area .
what can i say worst experience ever .
clearly they just wanted to make money .
this is a money making place .
not even that busy .
nothing but lip service .
horrible staff with no people skills .
i'd prefer not to give this review any stars .
the worst emergency staff i have ever encountered .
there was no privacy .
since i'm stuck with a massive bill for nothing .
lucky i didn't listen to you .
i wish i could give a no star .
this is the worst hospital .
when she arrived there the er was over packed .
something went wrong , something is not right !
i have no peace whatsoever !
terrible er absolutely no help at all .
dear ed charge nurse sarah .
very unprofessional and gross !
but that 's not it !
i'm sorry isn't that your job !
it was a complete turn around at umc !
seems like serious burns to me !
what a waste of time and money .
the sides were tasteless and salty .
service was awful too .
this place does a poor job in my opinion .
the desserts didn't make up for it , either .
i won't be wasting my money there again !
it doesn't add up .
this place was simply not good .
i'm disappoint i even stopped here .
overall i would not recommend this place to anyone .
worst burger i've had in a long time .
never checked to see how our food was .
my co-workers sandwich was cold as well .
the brisket was just really plain .
the kids portion is cold and over priced .
the pulled pork sandwich is tasteless and almost cold .
not good at all .
absolutely the worst meal ever .
it must really be bad " wth .
not fresh at all .
i'm not a famous dave fan but its better .
was one of the worst dining experiences in vegas .
not true bbq didn't smell any smoke .
very very very disappointed .
would not go back .
the creamed corn and banana pudding are my fav .
pretty sad to be called a bbq place .
brisket looked like baby food .
i'm a snob when it comes to restaurant service .
the meat was dry and had absolutely no flavor .
will definitely not be returning to this place .
poor service and overcooked bland food .
meat quality was fatty .
meat was not good .
fried okra was ok , but had no flavor .
it was grease in a bag .
i took one bite and i was done .
maybe a bad day ?
then tonight i gave them another try .
the potato was , well , just a potato .
she just left without saying anything !
the sauce was down right nasty .
i would not recommend that place to anyone .
my other co-worker 's ribs were dry .
i wasn't all that impressed .
i was disappointed in their selection of bbq sauce .
my first side item was macaroni and cheese .
my second side item was a cucumber salad .
not impressed and will not return .
what the hell kind of company is this ?
worst customer service , ever .
the guy immediately sounded irritated with me .
the owner was rude and extremely unprofessional !
they never fixed the problem .
they will never get another dollar of mine .
this company is not professional .
this company is rude and unprofessional .
at the place right now .
oh and of course it's super expensive .
i hate it so much .
the door had a sign when i got there .
this is not a country bar .
your bartender didn't know how to make either .
needless to say , we left .
run down and dirty .
this place is a complete dump !
this place has gone downhill big time .
the staff was rude and unapologetic about the situation .
the big disappointment was thursday .
the response of er could not be worse .
first i should say i was not the customer .
it was a mess to look at .
however , inspect you bike before taking off .
i was charge for scratches that were not mine .
so , here i am .
worst wells fargo branch ever .
i said no , you guys are horrible .
the wells fargo experience just is not worth it .
also , the salon was not very sanitary looking .
for my first time , terrible experience .
rude people in the office !
this facility is staffed with incompetent employees .
this place is terribly unprofessional .
they really could care less .
this place is a total joke .
they have no respect for others time !
this place is an absolute joke .
the suv was very old and worn out .
i guess everything in las vegas is a gamble .
this trip was boring and not worth the hype .
so much wasted time !
the first stop was at the hoover dam .
another waste of time to stop there for pictures .
in my opinion , another unnecessary stop !
after that it was straight to las vegas .
the staff did greet us as we walked around .
will cost me a lot less .
so you want contact lenses ?
she said that that was my only choice .
so apparently the owner wasn't there .
not leaving happy or with glasses for my daughter .
service with exam was lengthy at over an hour .
just an ugly place .
she is very obnoxious and rude .
also , the manager anthony is very unprofessional .
linda was very demanding and loud .
now i am losing it .
will not return to this location .
the worst security company in vegas !
well , i don't buy it .
i guess keeping customers isn't necessarily a priority here .
what a waste of a day .
the food was horrible .
going downhill , food was below average .
hands down worst pizza i have ever had .
doesn't that look good ? "
they advised japanese blue berry trees .
extremely poor management and organization .
he advised he would push it through .
tech was here for 15-20 minutes at best .
unprofessional , and poor communication .
i would not recommend this company at all .
the service manager is totally worthless .
sales promises not followed though .
no management inspection until demanded .
videos of widow leaks they tried to deny !
patrick is a piece of crap and liar .
it was a total disappointment .
almost nothing in the store .
no tanks filled with fish for sale .
no one acknowledged us at all .
really i have no idea why it's even there .
unless your a celebrity you don't get emailed back .
make it fun exciting that kind of thing .
being as i'm in las vegas .
they gave me sick fish .
vegas ain't the way to go .
my kid was very bummed and disappointed .
it can only charge people more money .
ridiculously bad " doctors . "
the front office supervisor is incredibly rude .
dr. linda was absolutely terrible .
he has no respect for the patient !
unfortunately there is a lack of any good drs .
they will try to do absolutely nothing for you .
impossible to make an appointment when your sick .
i will not be back .
called monday about 9am , ask for emergency service .
now is 2pm and still no call back !
luckily she didn't eat any of it yet .
and more and more .
i guess fate drove me here .
the service was terrible .
finally , i'm ready to eat .
we won't be going again .
my oldest son requires gluten-free food .
because potatoes are so much more expensive than pancakes ?
so much flavorless liquid , it was totally disgusting .
no flavor , and very greasy !
too bad it was supposed to be a condiment .
food was just ok , i've tasted better .
for the price , not worth it .
the food has clearly gone downhill .
it too was runny .
clearly it was watered down .
the food quality is bad now .
the sausage was cold .
nothing to get excited about .
ummmm , come again ?
it was so disgusting .
oh and they don't charge for salsa .
bad bad bad service !
never buying a groupon for this location again .
a little too doughy .
service has always been bad at this location .
i always get the dutch baby .
for this reason alone i will not go back .
i didn't realize this was a chain .
sorry , but i probably wont be back .
food is good , service is to be desired .
it just sucked period !
even waitress said others complained the same thing .
pecan pancakes are doughy .
ill try them again sometime .
worst place for a sunday brunch !
way too high for ok food .
no wonder this place gets bad reviews .
it's these people make the restaurant look bad .
will not return back to this place ever .
not the cleanest of restaurants either .
the food was ok , nothing special .
horrible service , manager is extremely rude .
no hostess at hostess stand .
i'm not willing to make the trade anymore .
they have lost a customer .
such a rip off !
i was very disappointed .
the mushroom sauce had very little flavor .
the sausage was ok .
the waitress just like the food had no personality .
we ate here this morning .
my pancakes were half raw , eggs overdone .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
this place sucks balls , no joke .
booth seats weren't clean when we were seated .
food was shitty and is not worth the price .
quite disappointed , again .
a shame because i like the german menu items .
you could do much better .
won't be back for too many reasons !
i'd feel much more satisfied cooking at home .
end of breakfast rush maybe but not service oriented !
will not come back .
the only i ate was german pan cakes !
otherwise you will lose your customers slowly but surely !
we actually just walked out a few minutes ago .
the phone number listed is no longer in service .
they offered to return the money never did .
i don't recommend going to this store .
the driver didn't care .
the store didn't care .
even wrote corporate and got no response .
thank you tim for providing a horrible experience .
they don't know how to take an order .
business can't even get their hours correct .
ok , let me tell you about this place .
so be warned , this is a real review .
the only thing truly persian here is the attitude .
i wish this was a friendlier place .
they are also super slow .
the kabob is a little undercooked .
no caramelized meat here .
yay , gyro craving is about to be satisfied !
i do not recommend .
just bad customer service .
it was way too pricey .
i was disappointed in the pita bread .
it was too heavy and doughy .
can't they price the sandwich alone ?
not everyone wants to stuff themselves .
what another waste of time !
i really can not believe this place ?
slow , slow , slow !
please stay away from the is pathetic place !
they were every rude !
worst customer service ever !
they could of easily saved me as a customer .
this will be my last time visiting here unfortunately .
deceiving prices and less than mediocre food !
peppers and onions are so cheap !
the meat is dry and no taste .
man , what a disappointment .
even the beef skewer was dry and overcooked .
walked in waiting for someone to acknowledge me .
and not even a return call or an apology .
all else was terrible , terrible , terrible .
( bad idea ; never do that ) .
i went in to get painting materials .
truly the worst customer service on the planet !
i wish i could give zero stars !
a month later still nothing .
current management has been underwhelming to say the least .
this place is not worth it at all .
regular drinks prices , over priced .
no biggie , but we could have used refills .
no plans to visit this location again .
not impressed at all .
thought i would give them a 2nd chance .
the customer service sucks .
shame on you audio express .
i'm not going to do that this time .
i'm sure i'll get same day service then .
so that was a waste of time again .
no one was in the store .
this can not be that hard .
audio express on sunset absolutely horrible .
these guys are idiots .
needless to say i left .
this place is the worst !
i wouldn't complain but it just seemed very hostile .
over all bad experience .
they are way overpriced on all their products .
i really didn't want to go back in there .
also , their " waiting room " is disgusting .
i would rather pay more and get better service .
now i am all for stores making their money .
anyhow , some little bitch named brian got involved .
bottom line , terrible customer service !
wouldn't shift out of first gear .
review and zero star review stands .
avoid audio express at all costs .
i paid extra for it , no problem .
then they didn't get the part for a week .
installed it , didn't work properly .
the district manager doesn't care about his customers either .
avoid at all costs !
terrible service , so-so food .
this place is super confusing and almost misleading .
i would really avoid this place .
three times in a row can't be a fluke !
fix it and get me my food .
, i was really disappointed .
no need to visit again .
no flavor in anything .
don't waste the walk from your car inside .
the chips and salsa were ok .
also as a note , they dont serve menudo .
overall , a forgettable meal .
it tastes just as watered down as the salsa !
it wasn't bad , but it wasn't good .
i asked server for best burrito they have .
probably won't go there again .
even my entree was bland .
the only tasty thing on my plate was rice .
the ugly : no warm greeting .
no good mixed drink !
at that point i was pissed !
gosh , it was terrible !
the chicken was flavorless and bland .
the service was somewhat friendly , but incredibly slow .
don't take the chance .
food was decent but the service was terrible .
they refused to split our checks .
worst mexican place ever !
their chicken is horrible pink not fully cooked !
the bartender was rude !
and got the order wrong .
it's really sad what happened to this company .
we looked up progressive and found only stellar reviews .
not cool , but we took it .
the job was done , nothing special .
my home office window looks out to the street .
none of them spray monthly .
that doesn't even make any sense .
billed for service that was not performed .
he needs to be taught some customer service skills .
rude pharmacist named donna made me change my mind .
this company is ridiculous and unprofessional .
bad eat to business .
no fancy drinks or interesting beers .
the restaurant was not open when i visited .
he treats the staff terribly as well .
then insisted on cutting it shorter than i wanted .
ridiculous , i will never return .
me : " hi !
lady " is this another sales call ?
the place has ugly grey torn carpeting .
perhaps it was an off day .
i would seriously avoid this place .
and acted like nothing was wrong with that !
i will not be eating here anymore .
doesn't speak too highly for vegas taste .
food was ok , nothing to rave about .
i didn't even bother ordering .
i didn't even get service .
followed by greeting patrons and seating them .
she didn't even come back to the phone .
it will not be hard to find something better .
don't waste your time .
do not go here !
at this point my client had cancelled on me .
i have never had such a terrible service experience .
no customer service and they're very rude !
yeah , no thanks .
my ac does not blow any air at all .
so i drove down to pep boys .
i was pissed to say the least .
no customers inside but myself .
i won't go out of my way though .
don't go here save your money .
said no thanks again .
she did not recommend giving a diagnosis at all .
very disappointed in this place .
manager said no problem .
warning : avoid this store at all costs !
they just had weird textures .
totally hole in the wall type of restaurant .
but quality is just not that good for me .
that box fell on the floor .
don't waste your money or time .
it was clear the boy had no training .
needless to say it was disgusting .
maybe it was a bad day for the chef ?
i am severely disappointed .
excuse me , but do you work there ?
not quite sure what just happened .
i would avoid this restaurant .
service was very slow .
terrible terrible terrible customer service .
she was very rude and sassy .
you can't beat it .
i don't like the woman who works there .
being friendly goes a long way .
but it concerned me that he was not himself .
i spent hundreds of dollars for incorrect treatment .
the meat was flavorful but extremely dry .
not too thrilled with the ownership or management .
sorry i didn't find the humor .
hmmm makes no sense .
no phone call returned .
return my phone call .
first of all the gates consistently have a problem .
out of nowhere and would not give a reason .
and no one would notice or care .
doesn't kmart drug test their employees ?
this store is a nightmare .
no , we have never had one .
sorry , we don't issue them here .
get over it kmart .
you just are n't worth the trouble .
this was not the greatest .
then the guy comes back like nothing happened !
he really didn't have a reply for that .
this same employee has horrible customer service .
i am so not going there ever !
this has always been after 7pm .
i would not come to this location again .
won't be back to this place !
i couldn't be more disappointed .
yelp rates this business as inexpensive .
not at all the case !
the owner commented , " too much ?
" , as she handed me the bill .
her attitude suggested she couldn't care less .
breakfast is a huge disappointment .
sometimes i wish we could give negative stars .
so my husband gives up and says " whatever .
also don't be fooled by the review above !
staff needs to wear work shirts .
however , the service rubbed me the wrong way .
it was so rude !
i won't be going back .
the food isn't great , just okay .
maybe he's just having a bad day .
the worst place ever !
he was rude and had no customer serves .
do not support this business !
do not support this business !
i had a horrible experience this morning .
i wish i had gone with my original choice .
it made my whole morning feel very negative .
worse worse service ever .
i gave two stars because they were nice .
then went to get the food and went home .
not good at all .
i wish we would have went to taco bell .
be very cautious when banking at this particular location !
and there 's nothing we can do for you !
twice they went back on their word .
thanks but no thanks .
unfortunately we didn't realize it until installation .
i wouldn't recommend buying there .
we don't give discounts .
i could 've made it better at home .
you will not see me back here again .
what a miserable experience .
payed way to much for awful food .
general tso chicken was barely ok .
the food here was not good at all .
i had the tossed chicken salad it was horrible .
the only thing worth eating was the fortune cookie .
disappointing and won't be back .
we ordered a bobbie and a turkey sandwich .
the inside of it was kinda frosty too .
the turkey sandwich had dry bread too .
are you kidding me ?
i would highly recommend not going to this gym .
i'm terribly disappointed with the " new ownership " .
poor communication between dentist office and oral surgeon .
my daughters appointment was at 10am .
i never even made it to the office .
the front staff are rude and very unhelpful .
i'm disappointed with this company to say the least .
michael on the other hand was completely opposite .
he didn't take us seriously .
don't use this company for a loan .
my close was awful terrible customer service beware .
if i could give them negative stars i would .
however , it's not clean of pet poop .
she is unprofessional and very rude at times .
i will not go back .
do not go here .
worst experience i've ever had with a company .
so , in short dont go there .
boy was i wrong .
i was just terribly underwhelmed by the whole experience .
don't speak to me with an attitude .
if you hate your job .
my first & only time being a patron here .
the bar looked busy with a lot of people .
what is wrong with this place ?
if you don't gamble they don't care about you !
would not recomend this company .
they never fixed it .
i never got any money back .
drew up the plan right in front of me !
so children running to the grass may get hurt .
can't believe these reviews .
i'm never coming back to this location .
i would rather drive further for better customer service .
she treated me like a jerk .
there was no volume .
this place was no place who cares about anything .
then didn't even apologize for any of it !
worst sonic i've ever been to .
taste is so nasty !
they also don't give change !
the cashier was just plain not friendly .
he was pretty rude , too .
it was not good .
usually i love sonic but i'm sorely disappointed .
it was an awful experience .
the food didn't taste the same as i remembered .
worst jack in the box .
the worst place i have been .
their selection is pathetic .
their meat and produce sections are worse than awful .
stopped by today to get some wings .
i am not at walmart .
no apology , nothing .
i only wish i could give them negative stars .
no no no no no .
r u kidding me ?
needless to say i will not be back .
i try to avoid this place if i can .
so i get my brake lights fixed .
i should have never gone back .
i reserve again and i get the same treatment .
spend a couple grand before the ordeal was through .
staff is rude food is not good .
couldn't even chew the steak .
didn't get past the first bite .
are they low on cheese ?
so , i didn't tip him .
definately not worth going ever again !
we just got home from the longhorn cafe .
it is a dive hotel/casino .
i'm really surprised that the service was so terrible .
personally , it's not good enough .
i really need to stop listening to that voice .
just like i remembered it !
man this place has n't changed at all .
they might be new , but they are horrible .
server was super rude on christmas .
we left four days early .
i ordered a hot turkey sandwich .
carpet dirty and warn needs paint .
wear a blind fold and a gas mask .
this place sucks stay far away as possible .
rude ass people who work at this location .
i don't even know how they stay open .
our prime rib sandwich was way over charbroiled .
food came out overcooked and dry .
thanks for the awful experience longhorn and amanda .
don't let the cheap food signs outside fool you .
the room smelled terrible like cigarettes .
rather unprofessional and pretty rude .
this whole order was a nightmare !
i am not visiting it again anytime soon .
stay away from this goat ranch !
no , no , no , no no !
most of the holes were well laid out .
very poor first impression !
i also called again for directions & joey confirmed .
nobody is answering the phone .
they made me feel less then human .
lots of americans are in mixed culture families .
the staff was rude and very unprofessional .
i walked in the bar and was not greeted .
has to be the most useless hoa in existence .
no lights on our tennis courts , no security !
i regret buying here !
and i'm not allowed to rent out my condo !
what is wrong with gas stations these days ?
i'm not even complaining about gas prices .
w. t. effing f !
the gas industry is evil .
pumps don't take credit cards !
not a super fan .
it gave me food poisoning .
a complete waste of money .
i'm very disappointed in billy bob 's .
unfortunately , he never returned with my drink .
needless to say , this place is a joke .
the turkey dinners were good .
it took a long time to get our meals .
i ' d expect more from management .
it's not available until 8pm .
place was pretty empty and service was pretty bad .
my filet was overdone and dry as a bone .
but hey no big deal !
the bill was corrected though and we then left .
blonde short curly hair older woman totally rude !
what a nightmare she ruined my birthday .
i've never ate here before ?
then i think she got offended .
i was so angry borderline crying tears .
i asked him to please get me another waitress .
it was taking forever for our check to come .
" the waitress from hell . "
horrible smelling , horrible tasting .
but , wait , what is this ?
this was our nightmare vegas dining experience by far .
the specials are nothing special .
the soups are either salty , creamy or bland .
as a steakhouse it has gone very subpar .
get a chef , really !
don't go if your looking for a nice meal .
the bad : raw oysters were frozen .
does anyone care there any longer ?
the new menu has scallops that are truly dreadful .
i will not be back .
it was overcooked by almost double .
her reply was , " oh , that sucks .
left quickly and will not be returning .
i ordered the oysters to begin with .
the dish was pitiful .
overall , i was disappointed .
unfortunately , it was a disappointing mistake .
don't waste your time .
this year , was the worst .
the menu changed for the worst .
she did not even wash her hands .
don't go in for the steak and lobster special .
the waitress never checked back or refilled drinks .
and the worst part was the steak .
so he slides a drink in front of it .
i will never go back to this casino again .
what an awful place .
more strawberry syrup and not enough booze .
the chips and salsa were a disappointment .
for an appetizer we had the potato skins .
he said they were kind of bland .
no tang or booze .
the service was terrible .
for dinner , i selected the green burrito .
the rice and beans were atrocious .
overpriced for mediocre food !
yeah , no outdoors to be had .
so i walk in and head for the bar .
margaritas - boring and watered down .
chips and salsa - boring again .
the bean dip and salsa had no flavor .
i kept wishing there was flavor .
none to be had .
no , i won't be back .
place was just sad .
i know this crap isn't what they eat .
save your money and go elsewhere .
salsa was ok , beans were bland .
the beans and rice were bland .
i didn't eat much of it .
my fiance ordered a shrimp burrito .
the bus boy should have been our waiter .
oh , that rude hostess ?
servers don't listen when you order .
you'll get more bang for your $ $ .
the tip was as non-existent as the waitress .
this place just sucked .
my husband said the tamale wasn't very good .
but the most questionable item was the tortilla chips .
luckily my wife stepped away to watch laser show .
was immediately seated and served drinks .
the worst fajitas i have ever had .
service was also poor .
the patio however was nice .
tonight was the worst !
her manager was there and just as rude !
three of us went in for breakfast .
very slow service here ?
absolute la the worst service ever .
they were noticeably understaffed .
a big empty bowl - barely 1/4 full .
it made me so uncomfortable .
there also wasn't any paper towels .
finally our food comes , cold mind you .
the term " fast food " does not apply !
with hardly anyone around .
we had a horrible experience here .
worst customer service ever .
never book with cruise america .
avoid at all costs .
really not a whole lot more .
this past experience , however , is worth two .
the service was also terrible .
not a great variety of food .
desserts are the generic cakes .
melted ice cream is gross , but tasted ok .
i had to get beverage refills constantly myself .
the asian stir fry vegetables were decent .
very disappointed there was zero fresh fruit selection .
sadly , i was tempted to as well .
prime rib was bland and overcooked .
was horrible , and the rice was too salty .
the mexican fare was beyond crappy .
this place used to have awesome food .
the food was terrible .
the whole place was terrible food .
this buffet was so confusing .
i don't even know who our waiter was .
food was mediocre , deserts were inedible .
i started out with watered down oj .
everything just taste so bland and synthetic .
she was so hesitant to call for management .
the lady mgr was very courteous and apologetic .
was i wrong again !
now service is bad and food sucks !
people there were rude .
terrible food and even worse service !
don't waste your time or money !
awful food , low quality .
tried another and it too was stale .
either way , don't waste your money .
what a supreme disappointment .
the oriental food was bland .
i won't eat here again.
this establishment is by far a complete mistake .
i'm completely avoiding this place .
this place deserves no stars !
stay away from this crappy buffet !
so , we went again on sunday night .
and so many of the desserts completely lacked flavour .
nothing we ate even came close to average .
you're better off finding somewhere else to eat .
prime rib and turkey were both moist and tender .
not very many vegetable options .
salad portion was okay .
very dry turkey , very few options .
i was unimpressed and disappointed .
the breakfast buffet is bad really bad .
my daughter loves crab leg night so we go .
the quality of the food is terrible .
the chinese food is not edible at all .
no supreme , hot or ready .
little caesars needs to get it's stuff together .
they make you wait 15-20 minutes .
little caesars doesn't fall into that category .
works here is a bad guy .
nothing wrong with it .
looking back , i should have done it myself .
what a terrible experience !
they caused more problems and fixed nothing .
i was so insulted , that has changed .
i run my business out of my rv .
no one had even looked at it .
don't waste your time .
what kind of trash store is this ?
it was not crowded at all .
as noted above , the seats were not comfortable .
the experience wasn't all that great .
this theater is horrible .
straight up , dirty socks .
beyond that , the audio sucks .
c'mon , sam town - get it together .
overall , i will never return here again .
we were extremely insulted .
we said no , we were not .
they eventually pawn me off elsewhere .
the impression is this a business to avoid .
i did not like this place at all .
when i walked in it seemed clean .
so i gave it a chance .
i stuck around for the crappy polish job .
i will not be going back .
everybody has a bad day .
the first time i went it was very busy .
she didn't know how to do nails at all .
but they were still all rude .
she blamed it on my " dry skin " .
her service was ridiculously horrible .
i have never hated any nail salon until now .
so the guy leaves .
but then it really gets worse .
i didn't care about coloring hair back then either .
i wouldn't really go here .
these positive reviews here are misleading .
pretty disappointed with this company .
dentist 's bedside manner was extremely bad .
they did nothing to help me resolve it .
making the appointment was painless .
but this tech was definitely having a bad day .
left a " bad taste " .
he was a total jerk about it .
don't go near this place .
horrible is all i have to say !
but no apology for the wait .
i wish i could honestly give no stars !
shame on you meat counter man .
secondly the chow mein noodles were dry and tasteless .
are you kidding me ?
the panda passion iced tea was not that good .
i wish i could give them no stars !
" rude and old food " !
not freshly cooked at all .
1st he said that he never talked to me .
this last time we went was the worst .
the food looked and tasted very old .
my family will not be coming back .
i'm shaking my head .
i left because there 's nothing to choose from .
this is terribly disgusting and an extreme safety hazard !
surprisingly , they couldn't get the crown back off .
great service , but way too expensive for me .
would not recommend it to anyone .
overall , we were extremely disappointed .
no stars if i could .
won't be returning to this cleaner .
don't waste your time .
only reason for one star is yelp !
won't let you do zero stars .
would not recommend this place to my worst enemy !
stopped coming in everyday .
she treats her staff like crap and pays nothing .
i could never get my kids in after school .
save yourself the headache on this provider .
i felt bad for the bride .
probably the worst pizza i have ever had .
it was a mistake .
the bartender 's service was horrible .
meanwhile , our glasses of water sat empty .
i don't know what 's going on .
it was just iceberg .
didn't eat here and never will .
it felt immediately uncomfortable .
total that i spent here ?
the bread pudding dessert was okay .
the food was not good at all .
frankly we've made better penne ala vodka at home .
i am a long time patron of grape street .
the service was incredibly bad .
the service here is the worst .
my girlfriend got the blackened salmon caesar salad .
she said it was fine , but nothing special .
this is my last trip to grape street .
just annoyed by that fact a lot .
no sense of urgency , no sense of service .
waiter was rushed and not at all helpful .
not so sure about that now .
paper menus were pretty tacky as well .
our server was less than professional .
felt rushed the entire time .
never asked , just took the plate away .
ahi tuna , i might add .
however , i will never consider coming back .
i was visiting some friends in las vegas .
our waitress mentioned red sauce was more popular .
my husband ordered the same thing as me .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
our patronage was obviously inconvenient .
our recent visit to grape street was atrocious .
we complained to the manager and nothing was done .
my mother and i were treated poorly .
they also gave us difficulty with a groupon .
he was just so rude about the entire thing .
the manager was no better either ugh !
so disappointed at the way they handled the situation !
definately would not be returning ever !
the server , however , was not .
it was very bizarre .
poor presentation of food .
wont be going back .
this place was terrible !
i wouldn't waste a penny here ever again .
staff not friendly , downright rude .
also , there weren't any whole pieces of shrimp .
instead , there were diced shrimp in the dish .
our waters were never refilled .
this place was a nightmare .
the calamari was nothing but breading and no calamari .
one third of our dinner order was totally incorrect .
the place was also extremely extremely loud .
not a value , even with groupon .
the service was not .
it's sad i have to change my review .
the worst experience ever !
do not come here .
i hated everything about this gel manicure .
she gave me two rings of gel color .
they can't even write down appointments anymore .
he didnt even know about my appt !
the owner usually takes down the appointments .
don't waste your time calling .
really bad experience this time .
i have to say , it wasn't great .
the gel was all over the place .
he never once apologized .
the worst mcdonald 's in town !
they are completely unfair !
idk , but i'm not coming back .
they always seem like you have an attitude .
i was never treated rudely by anyone up front .
worse doctor i have ever encountered .
after all the money we've spent there .
but they're also not consistent .
i don't even want to buy jewelry anymore .
that just seems very suspicious .
why can't you give negative stars for a review ?
are you kidding me ?
will not be back .
i will not be returning .
i will not be coming back here again .
it looked more like a dough lovers pizza .
the turkey melt was so so .
bland taste despite the jack cheese .
a lot of turkey but it was all bland .
food was good , service sucked .
so i lost nearly everything .
he did not even check me after the surgery .
the worst plastic surgeon in town !
i'm so upset & unhappy with it !
noticeably different in size .
this is an awful insurance company .
they are completely useless in that regard .
worst insurance company ever !
so , we lost one week .
this is a terrible company .
worst insurance you can have .
this is worse since its for elderly people .
probably the worst customer service i could imagine .
avoid them if you have the choice !
just got my monthly bill from sierra .
brain dead customer service reps .
this company is just horrible !
he could not believe what he was seeing .
why does my toilet paper have to be organic ?
this location is not in summerlin .
the other workers ain't that great .
i've discovered i really don't like tj 's .
i really doubt i will ever go back .
i returned some frozen veggies recently to this location .
costco didn't question a single return .
i left the veggies and walked away .
this was a horrible experience .
i don't like this place at all .
he wrote the prescription and walked out .
i was a bit put off .
keep in mind this was my first visit .
walked out highly disappointed .
no eye contact or welcoming feeling from the receptionists .
i feel embarrassed and sad .
that 's not good .
that is not polite from his side .
prior to my appointment i had blood work done .
couldn't believe i was hearing this .
the front office staff are rude and very unprofessional .
what a horrible business .
the front office staff have horrible customer service !
nothing changed even after speaking with him .
i guess i missed a spot .
i am very disappointed .
this was not a very good experience .
i will not be using his services again .
emailed my experience to taco bell .
they ignored my calls and emails .
this place is garbage .
so disgusting , soggy tacos .
isn't this your job ?
do not expect an inviting welcome !
couple days without is bad news bears .
every day i got bad news .
i don't know what to do anymore .
the wait of course was long , both times .
pathetic , i will never use them again .
be very careful of this company .
then when you call they are very rude .
no care , no service .
he was extremely rude and unhelpful .
i would not recommend this location to anyone .
their gear is as dated as the decor .
game choice is " everybody against everybody " .
it's obviously too much trouble for them to consider .
the tables weren't cleaned off to the very end .
i was so upset i left with nothing .
first off , it's a saturday night .
no ice on either side .
she put it on the counter and walked away .
salad bar was disgusting .
she was hardly at our table .
the manager at front was no help .
this ended up being a huge mistake .
but after tonight this will be the last !
it was a very bad experience !
today however i was greatly disappointed .
several people were complaining yet still no fresh food .
this was the worst experience ever .
not very professional in my opinion .
it was also soaking with oil and vinegar .
we were very disappointed .
maybe they'll miss my money , maybe they won't .
was told they are not able to do that .
shouldn't have bothered anyway .
was just oil n vinegar .
this place sucks for delivery .
note to self : never used them again .
the worst service ever !
this leads to not having a receipt for you .
gps for less than half a mile ?
are you freaking kidding me ?
i am very very sad and disappointed today !
i had n't the cashier my coupon .
her customer service skills were definitely lacking .
instead , two customers finally helped me .
the girl at the front desk was very rude .
fails fargo , keep your cash in your mattress !
bad service and needs an attitude check .
this place is very unprofessional and not recommended .
i will not bring my kids here anymore !
stay very far away .
no toys for the kids in the waiting room .
dr wasn't very attentive and nurse was distracted .
the doctor barely looked over my four month old .
one visit was too many .
she just said allergy medicine .
and she didn't even write it down for us .
probably cause they're desperate for more money .
sadly i won't be coming back often anymore .
the worst customer service i have ever received .
i don't like it .
i think there customer service sucks .
if i could rate it zero i would .
but it was not .
n you can't get ur money back .
they really don't pay any attention to customers .
if they don't have it don't need it !
not enough cashiers it seems .
but overall pretty horrible store .
she was just flat out rude .
very rude cashier workers .
god this place sucks .
those cash registers are probably older than me !
there is just never anyone at the electronics .
i love kmart , but really hate the wait .
yes , i wait every single time .
i guess it bothered me more than i thought .
then turned and walked away .
this is the worst customer service i have received .
what an horrible experience .
this place is such a disgrace .
management doesn't know what they're doing .
i just feel so bad for this store .
it doesn't have that much organization in this store .
the staff is absolutely horrid and inappropriate .
these people don't care about their patients at all .
my rating goes down every time i come here .
the staff is the worst !
he apologized at the follow up appointment .
she basically refused service to me .
at that point i was pissed and scared .
good doctor but horrible care .
the staff does not care about the patients .
ridiculous and so rude .
i wouldn't recommend this office at all .
don't waste your time with this place .
no quality time or bedside manner .
we're all just cattle , not patients .
wait time is forever .
the front desk is rude and incompetent .
no , it's not ok .
office is terrible , staff is rude .
their attitude towards patients is extremely hostile .
also front desk are so rude !
absolutely the worst in town !
the staff is absolutely horrid and inappropriate .
these people don't care about their patients at all .
good doctor but horrible care .
it's just not worth it .
it's really a nightmare dealing with them .
then to request a refund is like pulling teeth .
still waiting for my money back .
under new management but doesn't seem promising .
under new management but doesn't seem promising .
under new management but doesn't seem promising .
but i think ive officially had it .
the was no post follow up on her part .
do not use this company they are fake .
the woman here refused to sell the tickets .
i get the generic email i received prior .
staying away from these people .
the woman in the front was so condescending .
the wait room was disgusting .
but , my experience afterward really , really sucked .
he also told me i should just go home .
sick is different from dying !
it was just horrible .
they are n't very effective for eye pain !
they couldn't have told me that at the beginning ?
i could have gone elsewhere .
i couldn't even walk .
worst experience in a long time .
it was even hot to the touch .
but no one touched me .
that day i researched my symptoms online .
i was rushed into emergency surgery .
the emergency staff was very professional and prompt .
what a horrible experience .
advised by pharmacy more reasonable priced alternative available .
i wish i could give it zero stars .
he never woke up after that .
i would stay far away from this hospital .
please , just go to urgent care .
walked in found a mess in dad 's room !
very unhappy about this .
i feel i was miss treated and under diagnosed .
believe every negative review you read here .
they have some unbelievably uncaring doctors and nurses .
the administration is also worthless .
sorry , no pass code !
this was chosen because it was the closest .
was left laying in same position way too long .
i am in pain .
this was chosen because it was the closest .
this was chosen because it was the closest .
i'd be embarrassed to work here .
we will do anything to avoid this experience !
wish negative stars were available on yelp !
this was the worst experience i could imagine .
this facility is an embarrassment to our healthcare system .
don't get me wrong i'm thankful for that .
does anyone see a problem ?
i can't wait to get out of hear .
don't get me wrong i'm thankful for that .
does anyone see a problem ?
i can't wait to get out of hear .
but coming into the er is a nightmare .
that was the worst hospital ever !
it was horrible like a nightmare .
they dont even deserve one star !
save yourself the disappointment and aggravation .
worst hospital i've ever been to .
not worth the money , not worth the waiting .
what a joke and a waste of time .
the absolute worst hospital experience ever !
unacceptable when you are screaming in pain !
pathetic excuse for a hospital !
unfortunately after today , never again .
anyway , very rude .
i'm honestly really confused about it .
i am extremely disappointed with this store .
i would give zero stars if possible !
it doesn't include print and cut .
absolutely nothing made sense .
i will not deal with this store again .
this place is horrible .
there is no sense of urgency .
i spent a few hundred dollars for her treatment .
worst pasta ive ever experienced in my life .
that 's why i gave it two stars .
not even worth calling back to fix it .
will not order from there again .
it's completely disappointing and frustrating .
sorry , beach pizza .
for the prices , not a real good value .
the food was really not good .
it was disappointing for a pizza joint .
the ranch pull apart bread was weird .
their ranch dressing was mediocre packaged dressing .
unfortunately , the quality service has changed .
this meal was horrible .
the bottom was completely black - way overcooked .
he too was disappointed .
i'll just eat the wrong one .
i wish i would have .
they raised the prices of everything by ridiculous amounts .
nothing but careless teenagers now working there .
who the hell is closed mid week ?
do not take the risk of seeing this doctor .
tastes just like pizza hut , except square .
flavored crust and crazy bread , what ?
it was just a notch above supermarket stuff .
not worth the money , won't be back .
overall lacking in flavor and seasonings .
soggy and not good .
this place has gone downhill significantly , sadly !
so we didn't go for quite some time .
really bad service and terrible pizza !
do you know what wasn't just on that list ?
was nothing special about the pizza .
worst frozen onion rings ive ever had .
pizza wasn't flavorful and ingredients weren't fresh .
i really really would not recommend this place .
the sauce isn't very spectacular .
it also doesn't taste really fresh .
it also does not have any particular flavor .
neither the pepperoni or the sausage stood out .
save your money and take your business elsewhere .
stopped in to try .
staff barely spoke english .
wings were very small as well .
this place is way overrated !
god i miss buddy 's !
the sausage was awful !
crust was too crispy , with no flavor .
it's apparent you don't need my business .
another time it was an hour before closing .
we will spend our money elsewhere .
the worst customer service ever !
i left without checking my pizzas .
the worst customer service ever !
i left without checking my pizzas .
cause i wouldn't of paid for the pizzas .
lost my business for life .
the customer isn't always right at this place !
the service was awful .
probably won't be coming back any more considering .
i won't be back .
first no one spoke any english .
and couldn't understand what i wanted .
worst roberto 's ever .
guacamole was thin and watery .
even the salsa was watered down .
the red salsa didn't taste great either .
anyway , they couldn't get it done .
the downfall of the evening was the service .
wishing i could say something nice about eating here .
won't waste my time again .
pissed off and left .
bad manager , bad server and bad kitchen .
my order was handed to me by a guy .
i am not a regular customer at this restaurant .
no , there won't be a next time .
no other customers were waiting .
i immediately sent them back .
very disappointing and a huge waste of money .
first , it looked like it was closed .
our order was wrong .
cold and super greasy fries .
but never rush it .
this location has always been terrible .
odds are ( it is vegas ) you will !
they were obviously very very busy .
she shouldn't be training anyone .
this place is awful .
i highly suggest nobody go see him .
long wait to get an appointment .
longer wait to have surgery .
i did not need to have the x rays .
better yet just stay away .
expert advice , avoid this place at all costs .
but i found the whole appointment useless .
would not recommend this place for anything !
making the appointment was painful .
considering what they deal with here that 's unbelievable .
the care my son got was substandard .
never , ever go to this place .
they just don't care .
i am still in severe pain .
didn't they know that when they made the appt .
incredibly poor check-in process .
so not coming back to this place !
the incredibly long wait times .
so i went back to my chair .
they do know , but they don't care .
but i guess not on yelp .
service stinks at this place .
i'd rate them zero if i could .
the pizza is great but customer service is awful .
i just had an awful experience .
i just wanted my money back .
they would get a zero if i could .
now it's not that great .
my experience wasn't as good as fellow yelpers .
the slices weren't great either .
to start with the pizza is mediocre at best .
no bathroom for customers .
get it to go but don't eat in .
the garlic knots were dry and the pizza eh .
no one checked in on us either .
the philly was dry with no sauce .
while the other half was pretty much mediocre .
the chicken was absolutely terrible .
please do not waste your time .
i find that to be bad customer service .
very very rude people when i called to order !
service sucks , the food isn't good either .
first of all , it was freezing .
nope , no bueno .
my sandwich was cold .
terrible service in the dining room .
anytime she is there i leave !
this was the first mistake .
this was not impressive .
the draft beer is really cheap and tastes fine .
the crowd doesn't seem too bad .
i just wouldn't expect much more than that .
i'm sure they've lost money because of this .
it should be no smoking or cigars allowed !
i really liked the chinese chicken salad .
def not the best so not much to say .
i don't get the couple of enthusiastic reviews here .
totally cheap , nasty , gross food !
one of the worst restaurants in las vegas .
the wait staff is slow and sometimes downright rude .
restaurant was completely empty except for one other table .
this place was not very good .
i've had better hamburgers at jack in the box .
don't bother going here .
this place i will not being coming back to .
i had n't eaten even a bite .
i left this restaurant feeling really horrible .
eggs and toast were fine .
bacon was not good .
the coffee was horrible .
ugh , damn liar .
way to ruin my first time !
why even make an appointment ?
not a friendly bunch either .
i will not be returning to this salon .
nothing is further from the truth !
these are n't luxurious , they're just there .
i'm not really sure what rating this place deserves .
i left this place feeling disappointed and grossed out .
it wasn't just one finger too !
which made me feel rushed and annoyed .
never cheat on your nail lady .
do not believe the reviews .
by this time i'm pretty unhappy with the quality .
my worst experience every !
went to go sit down .
the man that greeted was very impatient with us .
needless to say i didn't get my manicure there .
very disrespectful and uncomfortable environment .
simply said , the customer service was lacking .
do not go to this nail shop !
i walked in and ended up walking out .
why couldn't one of them help me ?
this place lacks in customer service .
no thanks , nail country !
ok pricey but it was last minute .
don't go here they don't value customers .
this place hella sucks .
healthy but just with split ends .
never ever going back .
no idea where anything was .
cheap linens and bedding .
the building is just a wreck .
the clientele also leaves something to be desired .
maybe whoever was here couldn't stand it as well .
this building is dated .
la quinta needs to clean that crap up .
nope , the window is just extremely dirty .
unfortunately my in laws had a bad experience .
cable tv was not working .
i'm not a picky person .
we have dogs so our options are limited .
this place was a hell hole .
walked into a dirty room .
crap on the walls of the toilet .
worst part of this ?
was like the maid never entered our room .
come on la quinta , get your stuff together .
this is by far the worst .
complimentary breakfast was not worth the price .
worst front desk service- ever !
truly one of the most arrogant people i've met .
usual practice , i assumed .
not in this case .
not in this case .
no wonder they're fully booked until august !
staff needs training big time .
brought my daughter in for allergy testing .
i fell for it and signed a contract .
don't sign the personal trainer contract is my advice .
the tanning bed ended up being broken , surprise .
worst gym staff ever .
i emailed them and no response .
this was my home gym for a while .
the place has fallen apart .
it's simply not kept up anymore .
i'm not sure how i feel about this gym .
so i'm not sure .
don't say i didn't warn you !
this place has changed for the worse .
i won't even waste my time updating this review .
the place it self needs an upgrade .
my last review couldn't be more wrong !
absolutely horrible customer service !
don't waste your money .
avoid at all costs .
poorly managed , poorly maintained .
the worst customer service !
no tests offered , nothing .
absolutely atrocious wait times .
not a good sign for me .
i was more than pissed off and disappointed .
extremely unprofessional and i am not impressed !
so glad they r fine with losing a customer .
yesterday i ate at this location .
i ordered a spicy chicken burrito .
it is bland not spicy chicken .
nothing special , but it worked .
the fries i had been given were pretty delicious .
they were salted , crispy , and hot .
a typical del taco experience .
fast service , low quality food .
this was one of my less enjoyable visits .
don't waste your time .
they couldn't do the front end alignment themselves .
well that was the wrong thing to say .
not by anyone ive talked to .
toyota said not true and neither did discount tire .
no alignment was done .
avoid this place at all cost .
isn't that why i'm going here ?
bottom line : rude and pushy .
i came to this location again today .
we will not be using this location again .
firestone did not find anything wrong with my breaks .
avoid this place all together .
wasted so much of my time and rude .
this is not a road hazard issue !
it is a materials warranty issue .
these tires are junk junk junk junk !
made appointment online , no one responded .
so they gave me both my keys back !
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
the beer was mediocre at best .
however the bartender was polite though .
there were no menus at any of the tables .
their beer selection is not very good .
just make beer and serve beer but oh well .
not awful , but not worth a return trip .
the girl working was so rude and unhelpful .
so i walked out and will never return .
they completely ruined the experience .
it is disorganized and chaotic .
not too bad to kill an hour or two .
we didn't realize until we got home .
kind of awful she was very disappointed .
i can't style this .
i can't do anything with it .
i've never had my hair look this awful .
she couldn't even wax my lip right !
she left wax all over my face .
the entire plaza looked like a ghost town .
discounts for my next three visits .
and the salon appearance wise was poor .
not worth a damn penny i lost .
avoid at all costs !
first i hate liars .
so it isnt a technician who left .
this place has horrible customer service !
i definitely won't go back !
tlc must stand for totally lousy company .
wish i could rate this zero stars .
the woman taking orders cut me off at that .
i was left with nothing .
no spoon to eat the chili .
no straw for the drink .
no napkins to wipe hands with .
doesn't matter because i won't be going back .
completely disgusted by this .
or my service was horrible etc .
that wasn't the fries where cold .
get your manager and get some more damn coins .
i don't care how busy it is .
i will wait in the line across the street .
the fries were cold and soggy .
don't understand how you run a restaurant like that .
i'm guessing poor management .
drove halfway across town to purchase a bike .
they obviously have no clue .
crazy high ripoff prices !
you are a pharmacist , not a dr !
don't act like you are a dr .
this walgreens is just ok .
the drive thru is much worse , fyi .
however , the service is pretty atrocious .
when i arrived there wasn't a line .
should have known this would be a mistake .
guess the decision 's been made for me .
do not fill your meds here .
honestly , i hate this place .
this was not the case with this one .
tried this place last night .
granted i have n't been looking hard .
were not like egg rolls i'm used to .
more like spring rolls i guess .
are you kidding me ?
sweet n sour sauce for an egg roll ?
don't even want to talk about it .
don't really want to try this place again .
the food was very cheap , and servers sweet .
the egg drop soup , flavorless .
horrible food very salty and greasy .
this is why i wait to review .
so , again i am waiting .
shame on this business .
the general reservation number is the worst .
you are better off going to another place .
i'd advise anyone to never use this company .
are you kidding me ?
i'm recommending my doctor to switch referring me here .
the wait was an hour so not too bad .
not friendly at all .
would 've given no stars if i could 've .
please read before wasting your time !
this is when it gets bad .
common sense should have told you to stop .
you're lucky , you should be dead . "
i mean , really ?
never again will i go to this place .
it was a complete waste of time and money .
don't use this place .
but getting there was a terrible experience .
i mean patients not staff .
normally i am hardly ever sick .
you know something is just not right .
meh , no yay for you !
hell to the no !
the staff is incompetent and rude .
don't waste your time here !
worst doctor i have ever seen .
i could hardly understand a word he said .
ill never go back .
even if it's urgent care or not !
this place is neither quick or care giving .
what a waste of a medical license .
even if you are desperate , don't go .
this clinic is useless !
wait time for treatment was reasonable .
doctors ) would get things correct .
wait time for treatment was reasonable .
doctors ) would get things correct .
only go here if no other options are available .
decent nurses and clerks , incompetent , impatient physicians .
do not waste time here .
i can barely move .
what a horrible doctor .
i absolutely hate this place .
awful awful quick care .
the whole umc brand as a whole is disgusting .
this is the worst place ever .
why should they hurry .
hence i can not work .
why isn't anyone talking about the bill ?
what a horrible experience .
i wasn't seen until an hour after i arrived .
i won't be going back .
i feel like i wasted my money !
i had no idea their pricing was so ridiculous .
they offered no apologies or any refund etc .
in my opinion this is bad business too .
i will not be going back !
sorry to say i won't be back .
i have seriously mixed feelings about this place .
the fees are also very reasonable .
they are probably some of the cheapest in town .
it's almost impossible to get an appointment .
this is where the problems really begin .
the waiting room is filled with cats .
plus , the entire place reeked of cat urine .
they never return your phone calls .
you wait hours to pick them up .
she has never missed a payment .
not terrible at all , just nothing special .
and the seafood made me sick .
i mean the wine selection is terrible at best .
i have been repeatedly disappointed with this location .
cashier can not leave register to assist .
never have i been asked if i need assistance .
ruined my jacket and rude about it !
note i am very picky .
unfortunately , this place is not it .
that 's the only enjoyable thing about this pedicure .
i would not go back here or reccommend it .
the server was friendly and the sushi chefs too .
i said , " supposedly yellowtail " .
shame on you owner and sushi chef !
service was really slow .
we left the place unhappy and starving .
the food , however , is always the best .
my experience starts with a watery diet pepsi .
the albacore didn't seem to be the best cut .
my other roll was only okay .
this place is no way close to yummy .
worst sushi i've ever had .
my family simply ordered the combo meals .
why would i get that at a sushi place ?
i'm not quite sure .
but i guess being on vacation threw me off .
odd they didn't notice and shut the door .
and this was not good service .
so i will not be dinning here again .
i was very disappointed .
i walked in and asked about their lunch specials .
no i am loyal to where i go .
this is not the place to get rolls .
verdict : not my thing .
verdict : again , not my thing .
the sushi rice was horrific .
very mushy and unappetizing .
won't come back again .
it was just ok .
service a little spotty .
firstly , the service was aweful .
i am so disappointed .
i guess this establishment has changed for the worst .
i will not coming this horrible restaurant again .
if it's a holiday there 's no lunch special .
it was not busy at all .
reviews are so fake !
no authentic japanese food , be aware !
will not going back to this place again !
the sushi wasn't even that great .
service wasn't too good either .
i was upset they didn't have fresh uni .
it wasn't really busy .
there were only two other tables occupied .
this is uncomfortable for everyone .
so he goes back and asked the owner again .
we let that go and order .
very disappointed in this .
not once did i see him clean his hands .
the photos on yelp do not match the place .
i wish them luck .
sorry i wasted my time .
i ordered a ultimate turkey club on rosemary .
this visit wasn't any different .
two hours later , nothing !
disorganized , overpriced and dishonest .
i was incredibly wrong .
not helpful at all , avoid this place !
this place is very expensive .
now it is nothing special .
i will not be recommending this practice to anyone .
quest employees are just downright mean and condescending .
very disappointed with the staff .
overall i do not like the quest diagnostic co .
the quality of their employees are low .
not friendly and not professional .
that doesn't usually happen at my docs office .
shame on the management .
i would not recommend anyone come to this location .
even ladies at the front desk are rude !
that they can do .
i will not be going back to them .
made the trek and wish i had n't .
very disappointed in this practice .
that 's not fair !
i wish i'd have read the reviews first .
hell , i'm the one paying for the visit !
i would avoid this practice at all costs !
i leave messages daily never called back !
horrible handling of our issue !
i can not recommend this doctor to anyone .
i wish i'd have read the reviews first .
hell , i'm the one paying for the visit !
the worst part is his staff .
avoid this doctor at all cost !
damn , i was doing it all wrong .
and i ran out to shut off the gas .
this location keeps getting worse .
i will just not be coming back here .
just not very military friendly i guess .
there is something wrong here !
maybe the food is just always cheap ?
poor poor poor service .
rude and disrespectful staff .
avoid at all costs .
this is an extremely smoky bar with terrible music .
this bar needs a major facelift !
terrible gaming , food and atmosphere .
they definitely lost me as a return customer .
for the price , i would go elsewhere .
the escargot was mediocre at best .
that , was just too much .
dinner - an absolute disaster !
shrimp had no flavor at all .
it's not authentic at all .
there were candles , i guess .
sadly , we won't be back !
the constant passing of guests was quite irritating .
even our waiter was embarrassed !
no more march for me .
the only dish i liked was saffron seafood bisque .
and dish disappointed me the most was escargot .
next our server was horrible .
wine pour was skimpy .
some things however , are unacceptable .
the staff was not so pleasant .
unfortunately that was not the case this time around .
the service was poor and the food very bland .
the side dish was decent but not nearly enough .
way nicer employees , better food and kid friendly !
he doesn't know what that means .
i repeated that i was vegetarian .
so i just ate around them .
i tasted it and thought it was fake lobster .
i am convinced it was the fake stuff too .
and i refuse to eat at olive garden .
i will never return to this place .
it is definitely not worth the drive .
the foie gras was a disappointment .
our reservation was @ 7:30 pm .
my entree was cold .
this place is so overrated it's unbelievable !
horrible service , cockroaches in the restaurant !
now , i'm not sure what happened .
this went on all night long .
this reaction annoyed me .
the service was mediocre at best .
constantly had to remind our server to refill waters .
( even when his section was empty ) .
first time here = bad experience .
there 's no definite wow factor .
unfortunately , neither arrived .
they put out of restaurant .
worst customer service ever !
this place is a negative star rating !
this place is bad !
lobster salad should be taken off the menu .
will not go back again .
i had a turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce .
the turkey was completely spoiled .
one star only because there wasn't a lower choice .
too bad , used to be a good restaurant .
my eggs rancheros had no flavor !
and scott 's benedict was so bland !
the service was appalling .
poop on your groupon i guess .
we will not be back !
he was too rude to even acknowledge the wait .
i feel bad for her staff !
the food is horrible !
there 's nothing special in the menu !
it seemed very chaotic and no organization .
both dishes were very flat and funny .
we both thought their version was the worst .
sure the ambience and the food was ok .
no apologies on our server 's part .
this young lady was neither .
the service was terrible .
needless to say we won't be back .
this is not our first visit here .
the soup was too sweet and not hot .
i won't go into the rest .
i also won't go into the service .
without question the worst service i've experienced in years .
service was poor to start but did improve .
it was soggy and only tasted ok .
it was good but nothing special .
there was also a tiny serving of house wine .
this place is a mess !
otherwise the entrance is a disaster .
they really need a makeover in this area .
but she needs a course on costumer service .
then a gentleman standing next to me .
my sandwich had no favor didn't taste good .
listen to the bad reviews .
went thru the drive-thru with my wife and daughter .
restaurant need to be cleaned up a little .
floors were kind of dirty .
service wasn't all that .
service and cleanliness really need to be worked on .
man , that sucks .
she completely ignored me .
i couldn't even put my straw in .
why are you being such a brat ?
i'm sorry you're having a bad day .
why do you have to ruin my lunch ?
that 's how soggy it is .
the salsa was really chunky too .
eh , it is what it is .
" it doesn't come with it , sir .
place was pretty empty at lunch time .
the menu choices need to be clear !
when i got it , it was wrong .
the complimentary chips were pretty stale .
we went in and the place was dead .
guess that should have been our first clue .
sad to say they are officially off the list .
i could barely eat it !
my entire lunch was ruined .
won't be going back to this location .
had to take it back truly disgusting !
avocado wasn't even chopped up in the guacamole .
disappointing to say the least .
upon entering this establishment , it was almost empty .
how gross is that ?
i'm never coming back , and you shouldn't either .
baja fresh use to be awesome but not anymore .
are you kidding me ?
no apology for forgetting my ticket .
im tempted to post their names but will not .
then he just left me there with no solution .
why are they so slow ?
then jay called me said truck was ready .
then let me leave with no brakes !
i'm already pissed as can be .
big word of caution though !
they don't even deserve one star !
stay away from pep boys !
just left this location .
worst customer service ever .
it was not from some coupon site .
the oil change didn't include even checking fluid levels .
i never would 've wasted my time .
never use this pep boys .
this place doesn't even deserve one star .
i'm in customer service and these people were ridiculous .
pep boys needs more employees like him .
they also had n't ordered the tires .
after a little longer i asked for my keys .
a very dirty place .
i walked out , and will never go back .
they don't even wear gloves when making the food .
however , this location disappoints me .
lacking what you may ask ?
rosa his sister and office manager is so rude .
we were very frustrated .
i am not impressed at all .
it's basically cheap , fast faux teriyaki bowls .
but , regardless , it was terrible .
i even asked for veggies well done .
today is not that day .
must be new owners .
went tonight and the food was terrible .
the vegetables were overcooked and mushy !
the white rice was very soft and mushy .
too much water and cooked too long .
not as much food as before either .
very disappointing and wont be back .
i can't stand that .
my wife got a normal chicken bowl with cabbage .
the restaurant was completely empty .
was not impressed at all .
their towels smell like mildew .
i wasted my insurance here .
do not go here shes so unprofessional .
he said no because my foot would slip out .
does anyone know how i can get my belongings ?
i cancelled my first appt .
can't say the same for palm medical group .
very disorganized company , maybe it's just this location ?
he had to rush off to another appointment !
in addition , the price was set too high .
pizza was not as good as other round tables .
the problem is that i live in california .
overall , overpriced pizza with mediocre quality .
this absolutely the worst experience of my life .
i wish i could give this place zero stars .
i could have been seriously hurt from that !
the only thing they care about is money .
how does anyone know it was caused by pressure ?
oh , she's very sorry !
they simply are not worth the wait !
she greeted us by yelling extremely loud .
do not go here !
and now my nails hurt very badly .
place smells like chemicals and tech rush the job .
not a good salon .
i usually get pedicures once a month .
unfortunately it was a big mistake .
this place is horrible !
i should 've left right then .
i use to go here .
but i really think they water down their drinks .
i may have chosen to go somewhere else .
clearly , good customer services is not a priority .
i was gambling and only comped two drinks .
don't waste for time .
lack of customer service is unbelievable !
way friendlier there and better service .
soup with no crackers ?
long unnecessary waits sometimes !
if i could give zero stars , i would !
cats are n't like dogs and just stand there .
she didn't even apologize !
she didn't apologize or say she was sorry .
she surely is hiding something .
cindy is a bad person .
don't bring your pets here for grooming .
he had razor burn all over his stomach .
all my food was cold .
service here is awful .
no pretzel buns for their special pretzel hot dogs .
i'm just not a fan of sonic .
let 's start with the service .
the value just isn't there either .
lame customer service too !
the last couple of visits have been so disappointing .
the food is never prepared correctly .
i just threw the whole meal out .
just won't come back to this location .
it was a good location but now is pathetic .
remember , i came here for brakes .
total rip off artists .
the level of service is terrible .
the guys act nice but it's so slow .
what a ripoff this place is .
i was told that this should not happen .
the guacamole not too watered down .
it also tasted watered down .
the burrito could have definitely used more potato .
not so good , in fact horrible .
completely unprofessional and rude .
so glad they never received a dime from me !
seriously the worse food for mexican food .
food was either too salty or too bland .
poor attitude , service , and worst food !
service was not the issue .
please fix so no one else has to suffer .
i never went back .
got my food did not have mango salsa .
do not eat here .
it probably could have been a whole lot better .
it was dead but still disgusting !
i'm sick to my stomach .
everything was cold and awful .
freaking weird as hell .
don't come expecting some awesome customer service though .
i had to ask .
customer service is lacking at the jones az .
autozone you lost my business thanks to james .
: ( bad experiences = less customers .
make sure everything is in order before you leave .
they forget stuff all the time .
boo , this place sucks .
by nature i'm not a very critical person .
the service was also not good .
will not be coming back .
get your store in check management !
would not recommend this cafeteria styled restaurant .
food wasn't that good either .
this place is not consistent .
but i won't be back .
that was probably my biggest mistake .
this place is garbage !
employees there are so much friendlier !
i got a horrible infection !
i'm a drug user .
they had body washes that were fifty percent off .
me : where can i find hummus ?
then they would 've been a lot more helpful .
try to catch this place when things are slow .
the sister casino , fiesta henderson ?
and i doubt i will ever go back !
poor selection of channels .
but you could do a whole lot better too .
but , this place was a dump .
the security was sloppy !
as for the ice arena , it's pretty awesome !
that was my only concern on my last visit .
she claimed his ca drivers license confused her .
our non smoking room still smells of cigarette smoke .
no free breakfast , fridge or microwave .
las vegas would be better with out you !
then i complain and the sever is rude !
royal flush capitol of the world my ass .
this place is gross .
no other way to put it .
please tip them well as they really deserve it .
the mexican restaurant was good but pricey .
no problem , i booked the room .
i wouldn't even use my comps to eat there .
my eyes burn because of the smoke .
i hate this place .
problems started as soon as we checked in .
the people here hate your business !
for the money i don't care .
no one at the front desk when checking in .
the room was 3rd grade at best .
would not recommend it to anyone .
no exhaust fan or heating in the bathroom .
the house cleaner & yes there is only one .
you won't get any help .
suffering from it as i type .
i'm never going back to your casino ever again !
for making decisions you just feel like making ?
the worst experience in my life !
i was kicked out for no reason at all .
cant wait to see them in small claims court !
i just had a terrible experience at this place .
she says they are not a hotel , wtf .
if i could give it no stars i would .
horrid mattress to sleep on .
who the hell does that ?
don't stay here just dont do it !
she did not smile , offer assistance or care !
there are other choices to stay short term .
this is not a place for tourists .
mold doesn't just grow over night .
won't be ordering from here again .
nurses can't tell you anything .
seems like there is new doctors and staff .
just asked me questions .
shit , what a rip off !
don't be a sucker like me .
another reviewer mentioned the high staff turnover .
i wish i could remove those stars .
do not compare other operations to this place .
no big deal , and free advice to boot .
they don't even know what she looks like !
vets don't typically stay with their patients .
no more of this place !
so the place was dead .
the girls up in the front are horrible .
everyone be very careful .
worst animal hospital my family has been to .
( even if it's a dog ) .
unfortunately , the story does not end there .
my livid bride asks if ears were even checked .
i almost fell over .
i was just looking for basic information .
this is very upsetting .
you are sorry for my disappointment ?
mostly i'm just sad over the whole situation .
we will not return just because it is close .
i should have just used google .
the lady working the counter was rude .
she wasn't having it .
she said the sausage was popular .
i don't return to places with rude service .
i might as well eaten a bag of concrete .
the links tasted like hot dogs .
overall not good q .
i will not return to this business .
the brisket didn't look like brisket .
all three were dry .
unfortunately none of it really stood out .
i'm not a big fan .
not good when have kids waiting !
sorry just will wait to go back down south !
the potato salad was bland the beans were spicey .
not mind blowing barbecue just nice family style place .
not a good destination bbq joint .
brisket - sitting in a broth pre sliced .
they should not be allowed to serve brisket .
nothing to brag about or drag down .
they were just as confused as we were .
the cashier started screaming at the poor lady !
it also came with corn bread .
i wouldn't go out of my way .
i was not impressed with this place .
the brisket was not really brisket .
food is terrible , service is terrible .
the bbq is tasteless .
the atmosphere is someone 's dirty garage .
are you kidding me ?
another guy desserts and ringing you up .
serve more customers , make more money ?
potato & mac salad don't taste freshly made .
can't recommend and won't return .
we were both left very disappointed .
the rib tips was all fat .
the chicken was mediocre .
the service was terrible and unorganized .
i had the ribs , brisket and sausage .
this was very unprofessional .
it was cooked through , no pink .
thick , not watery at all .
they couldn't give me a time .
these were also very mediocre .
but very average , nothing special .
been twice , neither was as expected .
no wait , ordered a the meat mall .
the nice waitress could only confirm the rosemary .
the service was slow .
the sauteed mushrooms were sauteed in too much butter .
just not worth my money .
however that doesn't make up for the substandard steaks .
cute place , but the food was horrible !
the twice baked was harder than a rock !
it simply tasted like flour and milk .
my twice baked potato was decent .
even when the food isn't show stopping .
but the chef was not watching the meat .
he wasn't even in front of the grill .
it was just ok .
i will never set foot in this place again !
bob taylor 's ranch house you totally disappointed me !
you just lost a customer .
dinner tonight was the worst !
every steak at our table was cooked wrong .
not the experience i was expecting .
won't be returning to this establishment .
it was not busy at all .
it doesn't take that long .
i'm sure there are much better steakhouses in vegas .
i will not be returning to this one .
don't waste your time going here !
the wine selection is less to be desired .
she brought out my new lobster tail .
the overall experience was underwhelming .
scallops did not seem fresh .
i could be wrong .
horrible food not child friendly horrible waiter .
i went here for my friends birthday dinner .
i've had better halibut ; dry and overcooked .
no taste and where was the brownie ?
don't waste your money on this .
the waitstaff is rude and lackluster .
when we were finally served , it was gross .
potato , sauteed mushrooms & vegetables were good .
unfortunately ruined a perfectly good steak .
avoid this steakhouse until they get their act together .
so much damn fat on the ribeye !
it grossed me out !
i expected much better for a steakhouse .
the rat pack isn't showing up anytime soon .
have n't been there in 30+ years .
guess sometimes you shouldn't go back !
1st appetizer was crab cakes .
don't waste your time or $ $ .
no lump crab , tasted mostly breading .
our entire party was disappointed .
it wasn't that packed either and a .
i'm sure there are much better places .
had a porter house steak that was pretty tough .
well , i went tonight .
it was mediocre at best .
i ordered the prime rib -- huge mistake .
very fatty and not cooked the way i ordered .
i couldn't find it under all the dressing .
my recommendation , don't bother .
i've given this place way too many chances .
i won't come back .
service was a joke .
everything about our meal was bad .
our steaks were not cooked to order .
the service was lacking .
we will not be back .
for a first time experience it was a disaster .
like we did something wrong .
needless to say , she deserved nothing .
one star is too generous .
last night , not so much .
that 's when it got ugly .
then he just walked away .
too bad , because it could be awesome .
okay - no biggie .
the service was really slow !
this is the absolute worst steak house .
the filet mignon was charred and bland .
burger was good , fries were cold .
another restaurant i can cross off my list .
we walked and will never eat there again .
how do you mess up garlic fries ?
i maybe should have tried the cheese curds instead ?
the last time i got up and walked out .
there was nothing special about the atmosphere .
it was freezing cold in there .
some of the cheese wasn't melted .
whole dish was just luke warm .
we probably will not go back there .
food was not worth the price .
with that said , it is still bar food .
none of the beers have impressed .
service was terrible and the filet mignon was cardboard .
if you're super hungry , the ribs are okay .
do not use the bathroom .
oh no , we won't be back .
but the changes are not positive ones .
so , so disappointing !
however , the service is terrible .
i begin calling my bank .
he gave my card away !
this was handled so poorly .
these rest of our meals were awful .
the pasta was way over cooked .
please correct me if i'm wrong !
service is very slow .
she didn't check on us .
i won't go back and won't recommend .
horrible experience , most likely never coming back !
the food was ok , greasy and oily .
i will not be back .
the food was blah and overpriced .
slow , inattentive service and still too smokey .
everything is lacking on this visit .
very slow with the check .
service was reasonable but , food was very bland .
i won't be visiting again .
no courtesy call , nothing .
going back to autozone !
and there was no other clientele that i noticed .
the customer service is horrible .
many times i've gone i've seen fights .
this place is ridiculous .
my first interaction was with a telephone call .
this is the last time i patronize this establishment .
do not put your loved one in this facility .
this is a very , very unsanitary facility .
it didn't smell like urine .
unfortunately i did not use a back up method .
oh and i have pictures from beginning to end !
never mess with this mama !
i hate these damn thieves .
the clerk was very rude .
very poor customer service .
what in the hell did i get myself into ?
okay no problem i'll try again the next day .
( it was only one day apart . )
the sound may have been horrible .
the drinks may have been pricey .
just don't expect too much .
that sat empty for awhile before anyone noticed .
only went because a friend 's band was playing .
apparently the new ownership has n't made a difference .
we could not wait to leave .
horrible place to take your children !
i will never come to this skating rink again .
this place is gross .
he really ruins the feel of fun .
in the end i spent less money total .
not a good move on their part .
if we could give zero stars , we would .
the rest is just over priced crap .
it's no wonder their employees don't care !
the music is terrible .
if you just wan na skate , go .
so much missed potential to include the customers .
don't ever go to crystal palace on rancho dr !
if i could give them zero stars !
their staff is so rude !
no way to work around this .
no accommodating paying customers .
they don't deserve our business .
this place just doesn't hold up .
it was pretty gross .
i will not be attending that skating rink ever again.
i wouldn't come back .
i wouldn't trust this place ever again .
nothing was topped off at all .
rude , disrespectful and unprofessional .
and he said no more refills .
she said , i'm sorry we are closed .
yes i said garbage !
i would give it no stars if i could .
i wouldn't recommend going to this theater .
short wait time at the register .
( probably wished to be home ) .
i'll only come here if i need to .
the store looked old , but was clean .
there are much better places in las vegas .
this place is only interested in taking your money !
are you kidding me ?
thanks , but no thanks .
front desk women are rude .
do not waste your money here !
shame on your staff !
i had a bad feeling when i got there .
feeling a change now and it's not good .
do they really think women are stupid ?
i won't be back .
the mechanics ate their lunch in my car ?
left a greasy hand print on the door .
what a crappy way to run a business .
not to mention the way i felt after leaving .
ruined my whole day .
you have lost yourself steady business .
my fries suck and the nuggets are rock hard !
they always mess up here .
will never be going back to this location again .
no thank you no nothing !
how disgusting is that .
and the customer service sucks .
there was hardly any in it .
and i mean fill it .
don't even try to drop off over night .
however , i doubt very seriously that it is .
the bar was far from empty .
that by no means makes up for bad service .
partners order eggs , pancakes , bacon .
probably will not return .
probably why it was burnt and fries were cold .
not much to see here .
won't return unless there 's a reason .
water was empty almost whole visit .
our time is limited .
that 's really ridiculous .
they are really busy .
but they are not gon na refund us .
i will be booking elsewhere for any other tours !
very , very disappointing !
terrible customer service by uncaring management and ownership !
mother who doesn't walk so well .
this was not true .
but she said instead we could go tomorrow .
not possible as we are leaving .
there was not a single waiter to be found !
they gave all kinds of excuse .
this grand canyon tour company is not disabled friendly .
this company doesn't care .
so you are forced to buy water .
the next stop was the grand canyon .
our bus never showed for hotel pick up .
everything about this company was a nightmare .
complete and utter bs !
they also expressed another guests issue as well .
so don't bring anything big .
signed up for the hoover dam tour .
harsh , harsh , bitter , and salty taste .
the machine needed to be taken down and cleaned .
whats wrong with that cake ?
this sandwich has lettuce , tomato and tartar sauce .
no fish sandwich taste at all .
food looked old , overcooked , dry , disgusting !
worst kfc , ever !
the drive thru is just garbage !
they don't deserve even one from me !
customer service is severely lacking at this location .
horrible drive-through service lackluster attitude .
it's drive-through experience was even worse .
this one was just as bad with that though .
very rude customer service .
got my order totally wrong .
sorry guys your drive thru service sucks !
it all falls down to the manager .
so much for fast cheap pizza !
bad customer service and bad food !
this pizza store has been in business for awhile .
i'm sorry , but that is extremely unprofessional .
she said " no , i cant " .
super unprofessional never going back ever !
rude bitch at the register .
no personality , no customer service skills .
technically only two of those six days are holidays .
it's an insult to customers .
this place is a total rip off .
why isn't there an option for zero stars !
the worst place in the world !
are you kidding me ?
thanks for messing up my car big o !
stay away from this joke of a place .
he still insisted it would be all day .
i will not be returning .
just left the restaurant .
simply it sucks , big time .
avoid at all costs !
the fried rice was fried rice with egg .
the service is also really strange and awkward .
avoid at all costs !
you can tell cheap ingredients are used .
do not eat here if you like chinese food .
no no no no no no no .
the food was on balance pretty dreadful .
we ordered our two favorite pies last night .
i'm not a animal print girl .
he would not let me try them on .
no , but i would have liked to .
the location is horrible .
he didn't even bother to look her way .
she can't even walk .
he stated , " we don't care .
that 's not our problem .
lee 's liquor you are disgusting .
shame on you lee 's liquor .
i'm actually i'm looking for wine .
i'm not a fan of this church .
i just don't think it's fair .
for a side , i ordered the skinny fries .
the skinny fries were just ok .
it was worse than a gas station bathroom .
after ten minutes with no response , i left .
maybe he thought ten year olds wouldn't care .
everytime i order here they get my order wrong .
now i understand why they are so slow .
in a rude ass voice .
i can not believe the customer service here .
not even worth it .
so so so bad .
i walked out so upset .
my complaint is not about the food .
then to top it off the food was horrible .
the burger was smashed and just thrown together .
there was no one behind me ) .
she said she was too busy .
this whole situation appalled me .
her behavior and customer service is unacceptable !
sadly , not the case .
the burgers were decent , but not spectacular .
anyhow , don't go .
and don't ask how rare their prime rib is .
ok , maybe its just me .
this place sucked from jump street .
( not so ) .
this charge was not a option .
don't sale yourselves short on that rule .
there is no wifi at the starbucks .
it was a little scary and a little awesome .
it turned out it was their error .
the floor people have no clue whats going on .
the management in the poker room is horrible .
as far as the blackjack pit .
i was expecting much more for our money .
came back later to my room , instant headache .
they were very unhelpful and rude .
ice machines on all floors did not work .
customer service is lacking .
i requested a smoke free room .
no fridge no microwave .
do not stay here .
hands down the worst hotel i've ever been to .
no coffee in the room .
such an awful attitude !
the internet is not free !
doesn't make any sense .
the hotel experience is awful !
i will not be coming back to this place !
the rooms here are disgusting .
the rug was absolutely gross .
there were stains every step you took .
you will not win anything in there .
i will never go this shit hole ever again .
the cafe was horrible to say the least .
cold food , burnt toast and bacon .
wouldn't return or recommend .
i'd try my luck at a different hotel .
the air is super smokey in this casino .
it's difficult to get a cocktail also .
did i mention slow ?
the pool was super small and cold .
there was no ticket .
the hallway smell was just as bad .
the view of the rooftop was ridiculous .
it was not worth it .
only three pillows available ( couldn't get another ) .
we have no urgency to award you anything .
and not even just one host has said that .
i assure you my id is very valid .
no coffee pot in room .
buffet was crap ( desserts were good ) .
after our new year 's eve was already ruined !
no discounts on future games or anything !
totally ruined our new year 's eve !
how stupid is that ?
called manager no call back .
the dinner buffett was disgusting .
the sports book area was big too .
horrible tight insulting slots !
the service is so slow .
the pool is so small and not very relaxing .
i left several messages and nothing yet .
worse wendy 's ever .
doesn't know what that even means !
fries were too salty to eat .
just not good service all together .
over all gross and a waste of money .
my family has experienced stale bread on their sandwiches .
their potato cakes are not good anymore .
even the roast beef isn't as good anymore .
i will avoid this location forever .
i didn't know that was even possible .
no receipt no chance .
my shirt didn't fit .
all tags are still on the shirt .
i won't go on further nor mention her name !
whatever you do , don't board your pet here !
i will not be ordering from here again .
don't waste your money !
i would not recommend this tour !
money not well spent , to say the least .
she said that her anniversary was ruined .
wish it was better .
wasn't sure the shuttle was going to show .
guide did not top talking the entire trip .
ok , no problem .
i was upset and angry .
overall , the hoover dam was incredible .
why not just admit the mistake ?
and the bus started rolling backwards .
this was a horrible experience !
we didn't realize that was such a shocking request .
no , just don't bother .
you are not able to upgrade at the dam .
still way too much money .
, that 's your best excuse ?
i don't recommend this shop .
please don't take your vehicle here .
i don't recommend this shop .
and charge alot for little jobs .
i don't recommend this shop .
and charge alot for little jobs .
they've serviced my car three times total .
his yelp reply is false and extremely unprofessional .
im never coming back here .
it ain't worth it .
i wasted time and money .
the place is not clean .
i had acrylics put on and they look horrible .
the pedicure chairs arms are cracking .
this is not the place !
what a waste of money .
wouldn't recommend this place .
it seems like they don't know what they're doing .
the place looks old and dirty too .
i'm never coming back here .
i will never be back .
she didn't even polish the sides .
my acrylics weren't even filed on the sides .
not even worth one star .
worst nail place ever .
they couldn't crack a smile .
every employee was rude and extremely unfriendly .
very rude lady at the counter .
only lazy @ $ # work here .
the employee working there was disrespectful and unprofessional .
it's too bad , because the clothing was nice .
however , i won't bother returning .
did not buy anything and will not return !
this place was the worst !
negative reviews are not good business clearly .
terrible customer service & support .
they do not return calls or emails .
horrible service and bad attitudes .
delivered half an hour later than quoted .
when it finally got here it was cold !
clearly poor hygiene there .
i was too frustrated to call and complain .
i had a terrible experience .
the dr. did not even check the work .
i would not recommend .
the teller was inefficient and unprofessional .
the store manager just stood back and watch .
i will never return to this branch .
if i could give no stars , i would .
overall a waste of the gas to drive here .
i will not be returning .
spend your hard earned money elsewhere .
im not getting gel , acrylics , just paint .
not an experience i will repeat again .
do not go to this nail salon !
i have never been treated so rudely .
such a bizarre experience .
again , do not go to this nail salon .
workers rushed through my mani and pedi .
polish doesnt even cover all of my nails .
i do not recommend this place .
less than one week and my nails are lifting .
don't waste your money here !
just had my nails done by the owner .
then she rushed through the whole process .
do not go there for waxing services !
five minutes pass and she's not there yet .
stay away from this salon .
would not recommend this place at all .
they have the worst customer service on this earth !
that was way better than sitting inside there !
worst salon in the world !
so basically i didnt matter ?
it was completely flat within an hour .
such a rip off and a disappointment .
would give zero stars if it was an option .
you got a groupon = crappy service !
the manicure was sloppy , it looks horrible .
i will never come back to this establishment again .
terrible for the price !
terrible experience with tiffany .
completely unprofessional and unacceptable .
it didn't even taste like coffee .
why are summerlin folks so impatient ?
it's always full of annoying kids .
and this location isn't even a drive thru !
pretty sad when frozen chinese food was better looking .
the eggs in the fried rice were completely black .
had a bad experience at this location .
it is not illegal .
unfortunately , it was not to be .
who is that rude ?
sorry you were having a bad day , lady .
that was really bad customer service .
i really don't want to say much .
don't waste your time and don't waste your money .
the greens are beyond bad .
however , it's not my favorite place to shop .
bread selection and veggie selection is limited .
overall , not one of my favorite places .
only because it's convenient .
would not use them .
the biggest mistake i have ever made .
i am very disappointed with sun city florist .
i was very upset and highly disappointed with this .
i am highly disappointed with this florist .
would i suggest anyone to play this course ?
i hate that she won't be my doctor anymore .
the nurse is so unbelievably rude .
they don't even try to honor their appointment times .
, and rude staff .
worst medical experience i've ever had .
will not go back .
this office is awful .
all the comments about wait times are no joke .
they came back with another cheese enchilada .
could not believe the nerve of that guy !
said it was pretty disappointing and bland as well .
the tables have no hot sauce on them .
the menu does not feature burritos .
this place is going down the drain .
possibly the worst mexican place ever .
there will not be another visit .
i was really disappointed .
it's not authentic mexican food .
meat was flavorless and tough !
horrible , horrible horrible .
do not use this cleaner !
they do not stand behind their work .
they do not care !
they are rude and careless !
for the price you pay , that is unacceptable .
he no longer goes there as well .
( that is a total scam ) .
this is the worst vet ever .
it should be criminal .
they certainly are n't getting the exercise they need .
this is when it went terribly wrong with stephanie .
hello brandon adams jewelers !
sales lady was extremely pushy .
it's not a favor .
i have never had an experience quite like this .
why couldn't this had already been done .
their explaining made no sense to me .
the cleaning was scheduled when i made my appointment .
dentistry equipment is worn down !
so i will be made to wait again ?
it's a tuesday and nowhere near a holiday .
my first visit was for discomfort .
so i won't be using this office anymore .
- the sinks are still filthy and moldy .
it can be a little creepy during the day .
- the personal trainers today were really annoying .
this club is the least friendly in las vegas .
obviously this is my least favorite club .
i had big expectations for this gym .
no privacy no protection whatsoever .
poor management or lack of care !
the men 's locker room is quite shabby .
this is nothing out of the ordinary .
this place is getting worse .
sad , used to be nice .
the two people that i've encountered here are garbage .
the worst experience ever !
but again , he never contact me after !
it seems like this nightmare would never end !
this place needs better management .
worst gym i've ever been to .
do not get a membership here .
horrible equipment and staff is very cold and rude .
very poor customer service .
asked for anyone , never received a call .
treated so badly i never went back .
she never got back to me .
now they won't get anymore money out of me .
would not give any stars if that was possible .
do not waste your time !
poor kids was watching tv with no volume on .
by far the worst gym i've ever been to .
it's over crowded and dirty .
are you kidding me ?
what a waste of my time .
showed up and presented my online pass .
this location has very poor customer service .
just back away slowly and don't make eye contact .
this location has very poor customer service .
just back away slowly and don't make eye contact .
a taco has meat , lettuce , and cheese .
to this day i still can't bite properly .
the manicures were very lacking .
the gentleman doing my moms nails ruined them .
oh yeah , and they forced us into tips .
this place is horrible !
from this point on !
this las vegas office is terrible .
she never responded to anything .
don't go to this salon .
it's filthy and the workers are rude .
don't go to this salon .
it's filthy and the workers are rude .
also while painting my nails , she was sloppy .
i wouldn't go back and neither should you !
are you kidding me ?
what a nightmare of a place .
multiple things went wrong .
med grill in decatur .
the hummus and falafel wrap were both bland .
the pita bread was dry .
dry and tasted terrible .
but tonight 's dinner was unbearable .
no prob , we live close by .
no creamy for me .
i was then completely pissed and called the restaurant .
the good is generic at best .
i will not be returning after this .
has the gyro and the stuffed grape leaves .
the gyro meat was dry .
the stuffed grape leaves were old .
i only ate one and threw the rest out .
but i was wrong .
i rarely throw down such bad reviews .
food is mediocre but the service is terrible .
the cashiers and cooks have terrible attitudes .
how the hell did that happen .
for the price and all i was disappointed .
the hummus was bland and boring .
the pita bread was hard and dry .
i will not be returning .
no hello or sorry , just we're closed .
also , the manager is never friendly .
the chicken is sooooo dry .
i want my money back .
the only good thing was the hot flat bread .
the only thing that 's missing was the flavor .
overall it was just bland for me .
the chicken in both was extremely dry !
the pita was dry and crispy .
i wasn't a fan of any of it .
the chicken was flavorless and extremely dry .
won't be back at all .
i don't know how they stay opened .
not the money but the point .
yes , it really was that bad !
but i'm so sad .
the worst mediterranean experience !
they screwed up my order twice ?
and i went back to support a local business .
do not go here if you want authentic .
well that was disappointing .
i'm still craving some good lemon rice soup .
this location is no longer in business .
this was the worst place i've ever dealt with .
if i could give them zero i would .
don't waste your time here .
the car wash was not so good today .
then failed to ever come talk with me .
doesn't feel genuine at all .
this is where it all fell apart !
i demanded a manager and she wasn't much better .
she could have cared less .
it should not be driving like this .
worst car wash in town .
shawn the manger should be fired .
he assured me it would be taken care of .
didn't really include vacuuming .
never again will i give this place my money .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
such a horrible job with the car wash .
inside and out completely dirty .
i could have saved my money .
i was so disappointed .
this is not at all what i expected .
same issue my husband had with his car .
do not waste your money .
ok , rant over .
just spare yourself the same grief and go elsewhere .
nothing fabulous to report .
car wash wasn't good either .
the manager was rude rude rude .
i got totally ripped off and was treated rudely .
this place is unreal .
did not have a fabulous experience .
i will not be back !
i only come here to get my eyebrows waxed .
i'm telling you it hurt bad !
overall bad customer service .
i refuse to go back .
unfortunately , not on me .
today was the worst .
not for the first time .
not worth the trouble .
the fill is all bad .
the sharp is really bad .
my pedicure was horrible and expensive .
bad bad bad customer service !
and again they were in a hurry and rude .
but this time my visit here was terrible !
didn't clean them up at all .
the wait was not bad at all .
i'm never returning to this salon again .
my thumbs are noticeably crooked lol .
save up your money and rent a house .
horrible , horrible place to live !
only one pool that 's always dirty .
can't wait to move out !
maintenance is a joke .
she needs to be replaced immediately .
i wish i could give this place no stars .
i ain't taking it , it is ugly !
no happy birthday julie on any of them .
wrong cake , wrong color .
and the owner has a wrong attitude .
the most horrible customer service ever !
kind of a waste of time and money .
are you kidding me ?
this pharmacy is totally understaffed .
this is the first review i've ever written .
i tried to call and got the same thing .
i immediately called my vet to confirm the script .
he didn't even try my home number .
never saw that in scottsdale or palm desert .
there is no pro .
it looks like someone called in to cancel .
the course wasn't even in the best condition .
overall , a forgettable course .
conditions were piss poor .
not coming back here again , ever again .
people , save your money and play elsewhere .
the customer service is horrible .
that was pretty disappointing .
anyway , i would play someplace else .
average course in terms of layout and difficulty .
but very poorly kept .
this is based off of a one time visit .
today , saturday it was a terrible experience .
the refills were not coming like they should .
the worst service ever .
and i'm not a rude person , at all .
and i absolutely was not greeted whatsoever .
but she really needs to get it together .
i didn't get a straw .
they can't get the orders right .
i'd rather go to sonic 's down the street .
i just ordered food from there an hour ago .
my fries were all stale and cold .
worst mcdonald 's i have ever been too .
also , fries were stale .
i was so mad , but i was leaving .
worse service and customer service .
you didn't have to make my food so sloppy .
very bad people skills .
i will not go back .
she gave us our food with no receipt .
never going back to this mcdonald 's ever again .
this is my local grocery store .
i do not recommend this business .
extremely poor customer service !
i loved this cleaners before .
greasy whip cream that filled up half the cup .
just lazy service because it was late .
the night crew tonight wasn't so great .
they also gave us the wrong order .
no wonder our order was incorrect .
: ( fail on the night manager .
i was not too happy with the service .
a spoon would have been nice , too .
they can't even understand my order always .
employees seem to play around too much .
don't know if i'll be back !
don't be surprised if half the complex is empty .
the complex is dirty all the time .
trash is on the grounds everywhere !
no one follows the rules around here .
disgusting old blankets hanging in the windows .
abandoned old cars left in the parking lots .
hey , don't bother .
they are already closed .
in a year nothing has changed .
it is probably grown here !
don't throw anything personal away here .
half the apartments are empty .
stay away from this place , management incompetent .
roach infested , management doesn't care .
nothing has been done to prevent them .
do you really have a roach problem ?
definitely the worst in the area .
some of the worst leasing staff i've ever encountered .
i'd rather give no stars .
the shower head leaked and sprayed water all over .
took them almost a week before it got done .
these people are nothing but empty promises .
all of the sinks had multiple leaks .
the refrigerator smelled moldy and wouldn't turn on .
the management team will do nothing for you .
i feel like the haircut was very rushed .
she began to sigh and just look very annoyed .
she told me she didn't want to do that .
so i decide it's time to leave .
no one says bye .
no one says anything to me .
i will probably never come back here .
but don't be rude and act like i'm invisible .
the receptionist then put me on hold .
these people are stupid .
the front desk staff is very cold and unwelcoming .
i waited maybe 30-45 mins past my appt time .
i cancelled all my future appointments immediately .
worst doctors office ever !
waste of time and money .
needless to say find another place !
not helpful and i am not recommend that office .
it is not professional .
she just waist my time .
the front staff was incredibly rude and unprofessional .
avoid this er - the wait is ridiculous .
sounds sanitary , huh ?
this is the worst hospital i've ever seen .
i wish i had taken that call .
( additional procedures means more money ) .
the waiting rooms weren't very clean or comfortable .
why did it take the nurse so long ?
this place is ridiculous .
horrible , horrible , horrible .
just because it's in summerlin doesnt mean it's better .
had severe kidney stones .
i don't really understand why this review was filtered .
i guess it's too negative and honest ?
no other words to describe .
was not bleeding too much .
she didn't even bother taking a culture sample .
the er situation is atrocious .
the whole process is frustrating .
don't believe all the hype .
the nurse told me they ran out of pillows .
more terrible nurses came to pretend help me .
my baby would not because she was sleepy !
absolute worst experience ever !
avoid this er at all costs .
incompetent in every way .
er was less than ideal .
just all in all poor care and horrible advice .
again , stuff happens .
all of the nursing staff is incompetent !
the next morning my symptoms were much worse .
i thought summerlin hospital was a better facility .
you decide where you want to go .
i had extreme knee pain and obvious injury .
my knee was not touched once .
they did nothing to tell me what was wrong .
i would avoid dr. bird at all costs .
avoid him and this place at all costs .
i will never come to this hospital .
the worst experience i ever been in a hospital .
summerlin hospital is not your friend .
nurse 's were rude and un caring !
she didn't even see a physician until about 3pm .
and don't even get me started on the diagnosis !
these assholes did not know wtf they were doing .
was unable to walk .
do not use the kiosk .
shame on summerlin for calling this a healing facility .
still , don't be an asshole .
i would find another doctor .
she was always rushed and never listened to me .
the final straw came with their poor billing .
could not find out what was wrong with me .
looks like i need a new doctor .
i have selected a different doctor .
still no apology , nothing .
unfortunately , they just don't care .
did i mention this was the 5th time calling ?
like a little shit .
her administration staff has always been a joke .
they are rude and unfriendly .
i received no warning that this would happen .
still no apology , nothing .
unfortunately , they just don't care .
unprofessional and poor customer service .
with no good customer service .
unfortunately , he is no longer there .
they don't deserve it .
wait times , medical request etc .
and the waiting room is a zoo .
the experience was just that bad .
the office though , ugh .
mind you no one apologized for the insane wait .
i cancelled and told them they'd lost my business .
the staff just don't care .
they just schedule and schedule .
worst office staff , waited for over an hour .
avoid this terrible place at all cost .
imagine had i not brought it up again ?
rude on the phone , rude in person .
it was worse than a visit to the dmv .
i would highly recommend avoiding this practice .
don't mess with my money !
fast forward , skip the boring details .
why didn't you ever tell me ?
my food is never accurate .
slimy chicken that is not hot and yellow lettuce !
my family and i does not feel safe here .
one star only because it is just not safe .
oven living = rip off .
no quiet , so there can be no enjoyment .
otherwise , this place has management problems .
problems with the previous apartment ?
and the worst part ?
private schools want money .
i couldn't agree with the other reviews more !
do not waste your money !
not an institution for learning .
don't expect too much from this school .
save your education and don't waste your time .
they do not care about you only your money !
overall the experience was poor .
waste of time and money .
its not creative kids its children in the yard !
the school is very unorganized .
it's your child , they deserve better .
i was so wrong they sure fooled me .
not consistent which should raise a red flag .
first off , i visited rc of nv .
will not answer your questions .
i will never come back here this is ridiculous .
you are a bunch of ignorant assholes .
she really didn't need a trust at all .
doctors know it and accept it.
don't believe the luxury part .
these apartments are very old .
we also pay pet rent .
bottom line , don't believe the hype .
they also lack in communication and customer service .
this rental is unacceptable for the cost .
just don't do it .
i had a coupon so stopped by for lunch .
the turkey sub was just okay .
wasn't even greeted at the mic .
the service was not spectacular .
unfortunately they closed on sunday .
i am very unhappy with their billing department .
i called , they said they fixed it .
my appointment was scheduled at incorrect time .
the doctor roberts refused to see me .
the doctor obviously doesn't care to keep her patients .
just felt like sitting in a sauna and sweating .
showers need to be mandatory at this place .
beware of any payment problems at this place .
ambiance - the room itself was great .
the staff kept ignoring us .
none of the servers smiled once or said hello .
the service is terrible .
ripoff don't not eat here !
the food 's not bad .
the service lacks though .
and no flavor ) .
i will never go to this restaurant again .
dropping plates of food and just turning away .
it is just not worth talking about anymore .
terrible , awful , rude service .
don't bother asking general questions about the food .
i'm glad i didn't get impressed with their food .
i would not come back .
both times , no one greeted us .
several minutes hanging out with employees wandering around .
i dont know if i really like chinese food .
mandarin pork chop is ok but not anything special .
their vegetables were not fresh and very old .
the green vegetables looks yellow .
worse service in las vegas !
it was uncomfortable to say the least .
the service is really bad .
the food service and delivery time are not good .
first and foremost the service was extremely poor .
the pork tasted just like spam .
service : there is none .
overall : i won't be coming back .
also got shrimp szechuan shrimp and cashew chicken .
worst service in the whole wide world .
the fried rice was very mushy and not tasty .
then it started going downhill .
personally , i would not come back here again .
walnut shrimp , yuck !
the dish is ridiculously overpriced .
the crispy fried oysters quality varies and not consistent .
customer service to adjust bill doesn't exist .
sometimes you get great food some time it's mediocre .
didn't bother sending it back !
crispy fried noodle with seafood was bland .
this is an extremely less than average chinese restaurant .
it would have tasted better , too .
but missing either some spice , salt etc .
things were pretty bland .
i hate coming here .
what a waste of money .
my cat massages better than these people .
avoid this place like the black plague .
this place is bad .
as for the place , it was really small .
another down side to this place was their portions .
staff are friendly but slow .
would not come back to eat here again .
this does not make sense .
worst customer service ever !
she was very rude for no reason .
nah fuck this place .
worst customer service ever .
not customer service based .
don't give this place your business !
i wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy .
my experience was terrible !
i have never had a worse experience .
i refused and asked to speak to the owner .
not good customer service !
don't waste your time at this store .
do not go to celebrations bridal !
awful customer service and completely overpriced !
the answer was constantly no .
doing so , i could find none .
the bride spoke to robert , the store owner .
my daughter doesn't make mistakes . "
they never shipped it .
they have the worst customer service .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
it was a terrible experience .
i would never suggest this place to anyone .
my biggest nightmare so far .
please do not give this place your business .
what a terrible experience .
customer service was awful as well .
you're better off going anywhere else .
she said " umm hello ? "
this clearly was a huge problem .
they don't even deserve this star !
trying it on was clearly out of the question .
the overall experience was disappointing .
celebrations bridal refused refund .
but unfortunately zero stars for customer service .
what was my dream experience turned into a disaster .
one star is too much !
mediocre massage at best .
not relaxing at all .
my cadillac only needed a smog .
again that was total b.s .
thank god no one was killed .
i am not at all impressed with this dealership .
doug told me that i needed a new tire .
customer service is terrible !
i immediately went back to service advisor .
i then proceeded to jiffy lube for fluid changes .
yet the caps had not been touched .
i don't want to mention names .
they told me my year didn't have a recall .
they looked up my car .
he didn't set up the loaner for me .
this gets pushed back another week .
i probably still wouldn't have had my lights fixed .
but this makes me not want one .
sad top report this .
i purchased my car at a dealership in arizona .
i'm livid right now .
" no idea yet " was my answer .
the visit was extremely rushed .
they just rushed through the entire thing .
well , crap but good i checked .
i explained that i was pissed .
run , my crazy little friends , somewhere else .
there billing department is very unprofessional and unorganized .
nobody told him i was waiting .
you can't make appointments there except for mri tests .
waste of my whole afternoon !
disappointing , but yet interesting .
no hours posted on the door .
avoid at all cost .
this place is why salesman get a bad name .
horrible place , very unprofessional .
overpriced , unprofessional and very deceiving .
the service is horrible , they're rude and condescending .
my main complaint is with how slow they were .
there was only one other customer in the place .
terrible experience with a rental .
the answer is nothing .
the damage was already done .
i don't know that any ads have ever stopped .
makes me a little nervous about this place .
pizza was just okay .
the dessert menu seriously lacks .
this place is garbage .
what the hell is this menu ?
if you want tapas , go to firefly .
so bad i get mad .
they just said : sorry !
went here friday night for dinner with hubby .
probably picked the wrong place to eat ) .
even for free meal !
wife and i stopped recently for lunch .
said the chicken was being fresh cooked .
overall , a poor experience .
however , i was not impressed .
tapas , lettuce wraps , tacos , hummus ?
either way it was a disappointment .
very little mahi mahi .
seriously , not very good .
to my shock , the pizza sauce was spicy .
i'm not going back .
extremely disappointed in their so called gluten free pizza .
this location is convenient .
we had a really bad experience here !
this place is like a really bad cheesecake factory .
it keeps going downhill though .
she was very rude .
unfortunately , the food and menu need some updating .
again the server was the bomb !
our overall service was mediocre .
never got refills on drinks .
our waters were never refilled by her .
thanks , sammy -- but no thanks .
margarita pizza it was okay .
what a waste of time money and calories .
he never called me back .
worst dental practice ever !
the worst customer service i've ever experienced .
as the waiting room was full of people .
the worst experience i've ever had !
i will never come back to this pharmacy again .
they said yep , they sent it .
this place is full of idiots .
do not go to this salon .
do not use quality garage doors !
but , the company is horrible .
i feel like i'm getting the run around .
isn't it easier to contact the inspector .
the follow up is horrible .
this is the worst company ever .
customer service is lacking big time .
shame on you desert springs !
the owner and sales mgr was just as bad .
never use them or al .
the automatic water filler doesn't even work !
do not use this pool company for anything .
they are dishonest crooks .
this place was horrible and depressing for me .
worst customer service ever .
otherwise , their customer service is ghetto and sucks !
this place has no business sense .
the only thing worth buying there are cheap shoes .
the supposed manager didn't seem to care at all .
so why such a low rating ?
the young cashier was horrible .
when she came back she couldn't find something .
prices are awesome , no doubt about that .
never coming to this store again it's so trashy !
but all stores should follow corporate policy 's .
i hate this place !
i mean , really ?
not too much filling .
and seen this place change chefs and owners !
i mean , it was small .
i just wasn't too impressed with the fish !
it was empty when i arrive .
i didn't need to see that .
horrible owner and i will not go back !
where was my nice little japanese server .
too many ayce around here in this city .
i never had this ever happened to me before !
why was he soooo cheap .
my family were very angry .
the worst sushi i have eaten in vegas .
all you can eat sushi wasn't the best .
sushi quality is low .
when we got in the car she felt sick .
very unwelcoming feeling and very cold .
never have i experienced service like that anywhere .
we were treated horribly after our first trip .
and the cuts were horrible .
the fish was not fresh as well .
i won't be going back .
the place wasn't even packed .
i won't be coming back .
unfortunately , this place is underwhelming in many aspects .
way overpriced for their low quality items .
not appetizing at all .
good food but bad service !
the wings were pretty good , but not spectacular .
i just didn't get it .
the place was just trashy .
the tables here are cramped to hell .
that is how bad this place is .
they know , they just won't fix it . )
the elevators don't work most of the time .
the a/c never works in the hallway .
i just don't know how i feel about that .
eh i was just expecting too much i guess ?
the restaurant : the service was super slow .
the hot wings weren't very good anyway .
i am glad i did not go prime time .
this place was pretty much a big disappointment .
this place is dirt cheap !
almost a lil too spicy , but darn tasty .
oh man , i'm drooling already !
drinking the rest of whatever we have in hand .
drunken stumble into the hooters casino .
wouldn't bother going again .
shitty self rated hotel online .
hooters is a crappy hotel !
the wings are n't even that great !
don't waste your freaking time !
no hooters girls here ?
not a big fan .
give me a reason to come back , hooters !
this casino hotel is not that bad .
the room is tolerable .
don't bother going to this hooters for the food .
like how can i have never visited a hooters .
are the wings over rated ?
i just want a hooters pen , god .
- the hooters girls don't have hooters .
no thanks , hooters .
but it's not even up to sleazy vegas standards .
for the price there are so much better things .
so i was like why not .
and the hot wings are not free .
talk about false advertisement .
there wings are frickin ' awful !
wow it was really lame .
the place was dead .
nothing says breakfast like wings an beer .
don't bother coming here .
don't say i didn't warn you !
avoid this place like the plague !
sleep in your car if you have to !
* the room was large .
* the carpet in the room was gross .
* the door would would not lock .
hooters hotel and casino is exactly like their restaurants .
plus , hooters has awful food .
my friend and i walked into the hooters hotel .
one star for false promotions .
it was mediocre at best .
all of the other food was terrible too .
anyways , it's a gross place .
overall this place is horrible !
the whole casino here feels sleepy .
it's big , but feels run down .
the buffet was very unimpressive .
so it's ghetto , but cheap .
what a dreadful casino .
cheap tables it is .
had a horrible time here .
they don't have that many tables though .
as a hotel , it wasn't fun at all .
the hotel is a run down dump .
naturally , we were not expecting fancy hotel rooms .
service at the hotel is pretty poor .
no one ever got back to me .
the food 's terrible .
ok , maybe just i would think that .
skip the local beer on tap .
in a word : trashy .
nothing special about hooters wings .
the sauce sucked , no kick at all .
it really could have used some butter .
worst of all , no a/c in the elevator !
first off , this hotel is ghetto !
consider yourself lucky if you happen to find parking .
the rooms look dirty and its so ugly .
in the end , they comped my room .
as it stands though , they did not .
the deal basically , was no deal .
the hotel in many areas is basically falling apart .
the menu very clearly said never frozen so wtf .
decor is cheap and the building looks very old .
i have not been back .
what a waste of time .
the casino is small and seedy .
it's probably no surprise that hooters casino is awful .
worst place to stay at .
what you expect from hooters , enough said .
worst experience i've ever had in vegas !
man , we were wrong !
no reservation that was prepaid !
i don't think so darling .
you ruined everyone 's night !
inexpensive small hotel casino that offers little else .
anyway that was my hooters experience in vegas !
but after a few drinks i didn't mind .
nothing says dont come back better than that .
my bf said the burger was just as bad .
the carpets had stains and the room smelled bad .
this is no high class joint .
this place actually smells like chicken wings .
just a bad experience .
that 's how bad this place is .
the front desk people are never very friendly .
our first room of this last visit was nasty .
no continuing maintenance is going on .
our second room was almost as bad .
i won't be back until some remodel is done .
do not stay unless u on a tight budget !
i would give it zero stars if i could !
the location of the hotel isn't that great .
avoid staying here at all costs .
and the pool actually looked descent .
they tasted stale and there was absolutely no flavor .
save yourself the time and money and go elsewhere .
i mean its not even a top rated hotel .
not a fan of the hotel .
kinda ghetto and the elevator is real slow .
seems like i got food poisoning from the chicken .
there is so many better places to eat .
it was just a disappointment .
whatever , i could use the exercise .
the rooms were extremely cheesy .
no no no no no no .
the salad was soggy and not fresh .
it was all horrible .
i will never go to another hooters .
they keep the prime stock in the hooters restaurant .
not the worst that i've stayed in vegas .
it was pretty sad .
that was the only good thing !
the walls and floors had major mold as well .
the pit boss simply said " no . "
wow , i ain't staying here no mo .
i hate to think what the hotel is like .
she said nothing they could do .
no apologies , just a bad attitude .
so this is a warning !
service here is not bad , it is pathetic .
they also weren't sure that our room was occupied .
we ordered boneless chicken wings and fried pickles .
parking garage is just filthy .
there is no manager it just runs itself !
we were thirsty as hell !
yuck , never again .
the service is awful !
first off , the staff was rude !
didn't like the location , should be more central .
she did not grant our request .
it filled me up , but did not satisfy .
probably not , ill just stick to wing stop .
there are far better places to stay in vegas !
don't waste your money .
service sucked as well .
cheap place to stay just off the strip .
they have no maps to find your way around .
i think this is a rip off .
i will not stay here again .
they were hot , but they tasted only ok .
they were hot , but they tasted only ok .
there are better places to stay for the money .
i was so disappointed !
attitude adjustment , hello !
this place is falling apart !
the rooms were the worst part .
but the wings were soooo good .
the rooms were absolutely disgusting .
not one of the meals was even half finished .
not a favorite of mine personally .
i was really craving fried chicken .
they were dry and gross !
the service was terrible .
no lettuce , mayo , nothing .
not worth visiting at all .
the floor our room was on smelled like pee .
but it's not a total loss .
sadly , ours was not that group .
the rooms are bad but not horrible .
the sports book is laughable .
the rooms are dimly lit and a little depressing .
this wasn't the worst hotel i've ever stayed in .
it's just not a good one .
worst hotel ever do not stay here !
didn't help i saw the giants get creamed .
the staff were rude and unhelpful .
the hallways smelled like vomit .
worst food i've had this year !
greasy tasteless stale food .
can be great , can be crap .
neither of us were satisfied with our food .
the service was just mediocre also .
it was a non-smoking room .
the interior feels old and worn down .
the rooms are terrible !
the bar is terrible !
everything about this hotel/casino really does suck .
i can't remember how it happened .
the short version : no .
outdated ( vintage ? )
meanwhile i am still sitting there not being served .
not happy and that was friday .
hooters hooters hooters , very disappointing .
will not be going back .
no wifi , really ?
holes in bedroom walls dirty bathrooms .
holes in bedroom walls dirty bathrooms .
will not be coming back !
connection speed is very slow .
the mad onion no longer offers a breakfast buffet .
will not be coming back .
next day , ac broke again , then internet .
no hotel should have this many problems .
i feel sorry for them .
it's not worth it .
or being too tired to walk farther .
either way eating there was our third mistake .
and then we were completely ignored by our waitress .
not just " not warm " but cold .
long story short : never again .
the food was terrible .
checking in was a long and unnecessary process .
the bathroom was disgusting .
the linens and towels felt hard and cheap .
i wish i could give it no stars !
this is vegas and hooters , weird !
i wish i could give it no stars !
this is vegas and hooters , weird !
this review isn't worth much time and effort .
yet , it isn't .
this is your place .
this is when i walked away .
just more lack of customer service .
hotel is a joke .
old wood floors and metal ceilings .
hair dryer didn't work .
the room was standard , no flat screen tv .
so warning to everyone do not leave items behind .
two small asians in the bed was uncomfortable .
cheap tv , no flat screen .
we were very disappointed .
quite possibly the worst restaurant experience i've ever had .
it's badly in need of an update .
they're too drunk to care .
service wasn't great either .
basic room with no frills .
but even more so , the service was awful .
but it really isn't on the strip .
i didn't realize how small hooters is .
there really isn't much to do there .
it's too small and smokey .
disappointed with the casino and restaurant inside .
greasy and chicken not cooked enough .
casino is small and restaurant has an awkward layout .
really let down with the whole experience .
the place just looks like management doesn't care anymore .
next time , i'll just spend the extra money .
this place is depressing .
it was worse than casinos in reno .
the waitress was nice , but completely forgettable .
however the hooters restaurant is aweful .
the hostesses do not know anything .
then again it is hooters .
the valet was no where to be seen .
the parking garage was horrible .
the elevators were slow and dirty .
the rooms was disgusting .
that 's how bad it was .
the good : cheap .
current bartender not very strong .
the bad : this hotel is old .
no place for breakfast that i could find .
the food and other waitresses were less pleasant .
worst dining experience in vegas .
doesn't even taste like hooters wings !
the ranch that came with wings was pre packaged .
granted , it's hooters .
you're not that funny .
that said , the servers were nice .
probably won't be back .
i guess it really went downhill .
don't turn on your tv in your room .
unacceptable to laugh at your guests .
you lost all of us as customers .
the service was bad , the hostess was horrible !
we had the website reservations error on us .
i had no problems with the beds .
carpet was peeling away from the wall .
not many towels but enough .
the food was meh , and drinks expensive .
however , some of the customer service is bad .
some of the staff wasn't as nice as others .
also our television in the room never worked .
would never walk into this place ever again !
food is horrible , service is even worse !
our room was dingy , dirty , and old !
oh lord , where do i begin ?
this hotel is a complete crap hole .
the room was disgusting .
the excessive stains on the ceiling were really disturbing .
i would highly recommend staying some place else .
the pool was descent .
i was stoked at how cheap the bar was .
worst customer service ever .
the room was smelling real bad .
dont spend your money here .
the room smelled and the towels smelled like cigarettes .
this place was worst than a motel in ghetto .
we couldn't wait to get home and shower !
this hotel is so outdated .
my friend even got stuck in the elevator .
customer service : horrible !
staff at the front desk are extremely rude .
in short : don't do it !
worst place in vegas !
don't waste your money here .
the rooms are dirty , the bathrooms disgusting .
i don't see myself as picky .
the girl at the counter was very rude .
( really bad beginning ) .
the hotel is old and dated .
what is up with the stupid resort fees ?
the pool area is 24/7 .
the beds were super comfy though !
i don't understand why they would charge so much !
building is so run down .
i could barely eat it .
would highly recommend not coming here .
place is super cheap and need tons of upgrades .
extra fees like anywhere else .
so the ol hooters huh ?
yes this place is dated .
the only thing they got going is the wings .
everything was falling apart and a mess .
the rooms are outdated , and the bathroom disgusting .
that alone freak me out .
i would not recommend this place .
and it kind of dirty too .
fan in bathroom doesn't work .
place has bad customer service .
will not be going back anytime soon .
next time , i'll wait in my car .
cheap is nice but i've been disappointed .
no further explanation was given .
i wish i could give this place no stars .
the burgers were dressed well but really bland .
overall , a typical hooters experience .
i don't recommend this hotel .
i will not be staying here again .
this was my first time in vegas .
that being said , the staff was super friendly .
however , it was not worth it .
we were very disappointed .
we won't be going back there ever again .
the hotel room was so run down .
our sinks were clogged had to call maintenance .
water pressure well there wasn't any .
you couldn't get wet if you tried .
he said he wouldn't even stay there again .
this place was absolute horror .
this hotel was an absolute disappointment .
ruined my whole hooters experience !
unfortunately that was not the case this weekend .
after waiting half an hour nobody had arrived .
i would like a refund for my weekend .
ordered hot sauce and it wasn't even medium hot .
coating was thick and not particularly crispy .
did not bother gambling .
this hotel has no customer service at all !
the service was awful .
& " it's none of my concern " look .
will never come back here ever again .
bad customer service and i just don't need that .
this hotel is disgusting .
they also might steal your card information .
i'm not even in las vegas .
these people all of them will ruin your trip .
ok , so check this out .
the shower wouldn't drain and even the bathroom sink .
never again will we stay a hooters !
holy crap this place is a pit .
i'm definitely not coming back .
wish me luck folks .
i suppose i expected this place to be amazing .
it is a long walk but who cares !
no hooters girls running around , sorry men !
hotel was extremely filthy .
do not stay here .
anyway , i just thought i'd let you know .
sadly , the hotel was really dirty .
customer service weren't too friendly , although professional .
what a bunch of crap .
the management here is terrible .
i love hooters restaurant but the rooms are horrible .
don't even waste your time with this place .
cons : it's run down , old .
bathrooms are what you'd get at a cheap hotel .
it is very run down and dirty .
i just want to cry !
they slab bed paint on bad patch work .
closet doors don't open correctly the bathroom has mold .
it's my hotel nightmare !
not to mention the filthy carpets .
this experience was horrible .
cheap , fast check in and out was excellent .
we ignored this to proceed with check in .
everything very old and outdated .
the darn ac was sooo loud !
worse than my old unit i have at home .
stains are disgusting to anyone .
everything stinks of smoke !
worst experience ever in las vegas !
hate this place in hell .
completely horrible and horrific .
the room was not clean one bit .
everything was wrong , save your money .
make sure you check your bill before you leave !
this place is awful !
the room was old & dingy .
not even coffee or towels .
why did we do this ?
this isn't a good value in my opinion .
could 've stayed somewhere better for the same price .
the place was & still is disgusting .
parking is free which is a plus .
was i supposed to provide my own ?
one of my lamps did not work .
pay a little more and get a better hotel .
little holes on walls and dirty carpets .
the hotel is a little shabby .
never stay at hooters .
the carpet feels disgusting and is all stained .
the bed blankets are dingy and have stains .
what they served me was undercooked chicken .
someone tell these people undercooked chicken can kill you .
no i wont be back my tummy hurts .
nothing in here tonight was the correct temperature .
the table tops was all greasy and looked unclean .
i told my husband to request a refund .
so , why was an available room denied ?
but this one was terrible !
i probably wouldn't go back .
doubt i'd have a false advertising claim .
hotel : it was okay , nothing fancy .
on sunday i went to hooters around 3am .
it was pretty ridiculous .
the room was stale smelling .
however i would never stay here for a vacation .
the room was absolutely disgusting .
the mirrors had dirty finger prints all over them .
the bathroom floor was not clean .
the hotel smelled horrible .
i'm not sure how to describe it .
however , my overall experience was just awful .
i visited this hotel specifically for their signature restaurant .
i would never return to this restaurant location .
no bell hop service !
another bad review from me !
first of all they couldn't find my reservation .
i said not really .
disappointed is an understatement .
i'm tired so i think i'm going to bed .
its outdated but that doesn't bother me .
the tv barely worked .
really hood people there ( possibly drug dealers ) .
no coffee cups for our coffee .
not very impressed on this visit to the restaurant .
no ice on any floor .
please do not book your room here.
the rooms are crap !
and the hotel sucks .
the waitress had horrible customer service .
the carpets didn't look like they've been vacuumed .
no ice bucket in the room .
also , room doesn't come with tissue .
she offered no gel or assistance at all .
i just can't wait to get home and shower .
papers everywhere and stuff was missing .
all in all a horrible stay .
nothing really bad to say , just nothing special .
this was the worst hotel i ever stayed .
my room had roaches in it .
dirty carpet and restroom .
both rooms had gross carpet and restrooms .
this is the reason why we picked this hotel .
the slot machines are not so many as well .
low and behold it doesn't work .
wan na guess what didn't happen ?
same towels in a pile on the floor .
towels were still in a pile though .
this hotel seems very outdated .
the hotel was dirty and old .
the lack of customer service skills was unbelievable .
when i arrived my rooms were not ready .
the entire experience was terrible .
really wish management would reach out yo me .
stood outside an empty registration desk .
being vegas , you get what you pay for .
the hotel is extremely outdated .
it has a very dingy dirty feeling .
the carpets and toilet were dirty as well .
over priced and disgusting .
awful experience and i would never stay here again .
i wouldn't even give them half a star .
first off , the rooms are gross .
why would house keeping have utensils ?
never stayed here , just know the casino area .
anyway , be aware to avoid unnecessary stress !
we were so disgusted .
you have been warned .
this was the most disgusting room ever !
customer service very unfriendly .
stayed here for a weekend through a groupon .
tv remote didn't work .
the carpet in our room was stained .
they don't have conditioner , they have conditioning shampoo .
horrible , horrible , horrible !
check-in at the front desk was bad .
the young lady was not kind at all .
save yourself from the disappointment and waste of money .
hooters is not the same as i remembered this .
isn't that what hooters is about ?
this hotel is run down and dirty .
they have the worst customer service .
this place is filthy and poorly maintained .
some of the worst service i have ever received .
the girls their were so rude .
it was a horrible experience .
my first room was a god damn mess .
don't waste your money here .
i will not stay here again .
it has a cheap motel feel .
no help to be found .
( no major football games or events ) .
the bartender had a horrible attitude .
had an awful experience here .
won't make that mistake again .
the room had no air conditioning .
-no phone service at all ( for verizon ) .
i just died laughing .
never again , aweful !
just do yourself a favor and avoid this place .
just go somewhere else , i will next time .
dirty , yuck rooms .
just an uncomfortable cycle .
bottom line : don't stay here .
but not worth their unsanitary condition .
staff was nice but place was gross .
i wouldn't stay here .
this place lacks customer service .
this hotel is the epitome of low budget .
i think they are remodeling it looks horrible .
friday night was completely dead .
if your rude your ugly !
some good and bad with this place .
for the bad , the rooms flat out sucks .
avoid this place like a plague .
carpet so dirty i was wearing flip flops .
room style worse than .
our buns were cold but mean was warm .
but never go again .
because this establishment does not care .
the bathroom looked like it wanted to fall apart .
never will we stay here again .
staying here ruined my entire vegas experience .
avoid at all costs .
how bad could it be ?
the first room they gave me was filthy .
the 2nd room was just as bad .
the 3rd room had a new carpet .
finally they upgraded me to a suite .
the drain was slow .
so i thought how bad can it be ?
the hallways look outdated .
this hole is not worth paying a penny more .
the room was clean but very old and dated .
food is horrible and service is even worst .
avoid this casino hotel at all costs !
third room : just plain disgusting .
the bathroom was worse than a gas station bathroom .
this place is a scum hole .
but don't worry the service sucks all that way .
somehow they don't care .
it's a piece of crap hotel anyways .
worst shower of my life !
all of the horrible pictures are correct .
however , the casino is a dump .
the restroom was pretty disgusting .
it gives hooters a bad name .
but never going to stay again .
i notice that around the toilet it is disgusting .
it was definitely not an " upgraded " room .
the hotel itself is run down and neglected .
think raw sewage on a hot day .
if not , avoid at all costs .
wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone .
would i stay here again , probably not .
stayed in vegas this weekend at this hotel .
couldn't get any air !
don't stay here unless you have no other option .
disgusting -- - the hotel was super dirty .
so old it looked like possible black mold .
just had the most disgusting night .
all around just gross .
wouldn't go back if it was free .
don't stay here , you'll not like it .
reviews here a low for good reason .
hotel seems cramped and dated .
sat down in main restaurant .
the whole place was empty .
what a horrible experience !
nothing to rave about .
i could not believe what was going on .
negative stars , do not stay here !
in comparison this one was a bit disappointing .
the crab legs weren't very meaty nor seasoned .
the wings , however , were really good .
our hotel room was also left dirty .
also , the pool was being fixed .
i should have slept in the desert .
booked on hotels.com last min .
the customer service was horrible !
please spend your money some place else .
overall , not awesome .
this hotel was chosen for it's price tag .
i would rather sleep in a rental car .
the hotel is very run down .
someone had stolen the cable to the tv .
the walls are thin .
the dirty bedding caused this .
after leaving it cleared up very quickly .
we were offered another room but not a refund .
the receptionist 's attitude was so rude .
run run far away from this place .
its a waste of money .
i even left day earlier than anticipated .
i would not return again .
enough said , anna was highlight of my stay .
i believe this is called poor customer service .
probably will not come back there again .
the worst food experience of my life .
can't believe how rude they are .
it was very unprofessional .
would i stay here again most likely not .
i do not recommend this place .
not worth giving it a second try .
lukewarm soup does not make me happy .
in fact , it ruins the whole meal .
the egg rolls were eh .
um , it was ok ?
um , won't be back .
that part was not so good .
ok so the food sucked .
crap food , terrible service , grumpy employees .
i say , it's just not that special .
what a big disappointment this place was .
the waitress was rude .
the food was mediocre .
what a waste of time and money .
the crab meat just didn't taste fresh .
never even stepping away from his task .
i didn't finish it .
terrible service and cheap .
i will not come back nor will my friends .
they are so cheap in serving their food .
quality is bad and expensive for pho .
service , worst than their food .
i like the food but the service is mediocre .
the servers are rude .
we actually did not have bad service .
it was just horrible .
we will not be going back .
we weren't even done eating .
nothing special - just ok.
not sure why others rate them high .
not very helpful asking about the menu .
this place is meh .
this was the worse .
so let me start off by saying i'm vietnamese .
the bad : the broth was not very good .
too lazy to walk around .
would not come back here again .
give you ugly faces .
it was not good .
nothing about it stuck out in my mind .
not great customer service .
i won't be back .
the staff are n't as friendly and warm .
little pho saigon has little heart in their business .
you'll leave feeling like you ate nothing at all .
would not recommend the pho here .
moreover , he never gave us the bill !
will not be back !
this place is going downhill fast !
today i took my dad and it was horrible !
it's probably an honest mistake but that 's disgusting .
worst pho on spring mountain rd !
dry old spring rolls .
this is not our first choice .
very , very , slow .
my korean wife was not pleased with her pho .
it's if they really didn't want our business .
that 's why i gave it that rating .
limp ass bean sprouts .
way better pho joints in town , trust me .
the vermicelli was a biggest disappointment of the night .
i don't care . "
ordered two bowl of pho .
do not eat here .
this place was such a huge disappointment !
services is pissed poor .
eggrolls were no good - soggy and lacked flavor .
it came with only a little pork as well .
peanut sauce was not that great either .
service is pretty bad , too .
what a bad experience .
worst pho place to go to .
they don't clean up the tables at all .
will not come back here , ever again .
and horrible customer service .
food was cold and so plain .
the broth wasn't so good .
this place isn't what i was expecting .
i'm definitely never coming back here again .
not gon na come back .
food was horrible to be realistic .
the service was very poor .
mediocre haircut at best .
never been more disrespected in a barber shop .
i will never go back to this place again .
lower your cost people .
bad customer service , very unfriendly !
tables are dirty , not maintained after customer leaves .
this place is low quality .
i would not get these again , why ?
talk about cheap ; they're being thrifty !
this on its own makes you lose your appetite .
i could not believe it .
i can't believe this place is still open .
pork adobe was literally swimming in grease !
they gave very small portion of the noodles .
all were tasty , however the chicken was cold .
really freezing like a walk in .
so now i'm confused .
sorry to only give two stars .
sorry , but we can not recommend .
but the ride generic and cold .
food is no good .
i called the branch and talked to the manager .
i'm avoiding this branch forever !
no stars for this place !
really , wtf kind of customer service is that ?
bad service , small units .
the new service area layout is horrible .
terrible customer service with shady dealers .
disappointed is the key word .
i feel like the service advisor lied to me .
it was completely unnecessary to lie to me .
i had a recall taken care of there .
unfortunately the work was already done .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
worst dealership i've ever used .
about ready to sue them .
guess he's not getting his commission this month .
they shouldn't even get one star .
ok this dealership is horrible .
please do not buy from this dealership !
it's hard for me to recommend after that .
the salesman was lost ad knew nothing about finance .
and they were stale and cold .
this was only my second time there the last .
my curly frys were barely warm .
but the sandwiches are just ok .
three weeks later and i don't hear anything .
another guy rushed into the lot right after me .
no problem , i went back two days later .
of course it was wrong .
no other solutions available .
but they never offered me an alternative solution .
screw waiting any longer i'll take them somewhere else .
especially because it was wings , salads and sandwiches .
i'm not sure why these people are paid .
" oh , i didn't get that message . "
the office phone was ringing off the hook .
i just don't want to deal with it . "
maybe i am being too harsh .
isn't it your job to manage the properties ?
i mean , is this thing on ?
they don't return messages left .
just wished we could have done it sooner .
it was several inches long .
don't take it here .
the worst repair shop experience i've ever had .
if i could give zero stars i would .
desert oasis had this wrong .
do not even allow them attempt repairs !
that is just flat out false claim !
once again very dishonest of them !
extremely difficult to deal with on the phone .
why don't you hire some people to process calls ?
not impressed at all .
she simply couldn't care less .
this place is a joke .
it was never received by walgreens .
the two women were condescending and rude at best .
it was almost laughable .
i was very disappointed overall .
i also appreciated their selection of south american sodas .
unfortunately , the food just wasn't very good .
it was sad and boring .
the steak was a huge disappointment .
each time , it is scrumptious .
shady business rude office manager !
i would avoid this place at all costs !
the office manger was very unprofessional !
not very personable either .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
the office staff here is horrible .
she shouldn't be there .
say atleast excuse me ?
mcdonalds food served by english language challenged people .
i am not a normal patron of mcdonald 's .
i'm not a mcdonald 's eater .
not a good mcdonalds .
it's just not worth the hassle .
i check in nearly every week and nothing .
if i could rate zero stars , i would !
i got lost and couldn't find the company .
the company couldn't give me another chance .
they find me another lower paying job .
poor experience all around .
not quite stone cold , but close enough .
i wish i could give this place zero stars .
avoid like the plague !
customer service was mediocre at best .
they just gave us a pizza with half nothing !
the first one the entire order was wrong .
cold , hard pizza .
this review is long overdue .
the worst pizza i've ever had .
so there is no use ordering in advance !
you will not get what you ordered !
so all in all a ok place to go .
and trust his nail art is pure crap !
still i gave them another chance .
i can't believe i'm giving polish deli two stars .
alas , something has gone horribly wrong .
rows and rows of empty shelves .
i used to stop by polish deli regularly .
i can't imagine why it happened .
and really sad , too .
i'm a fan of thrift stores as a rule .
this place is nasty .
it's cheaper , probably cleaner .
at this point , i was in tears .
i was so furious , i walked out .
i've never seen such a horrible alteration .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
how many times can someone 's father die ?
supposedly he is part owner of the shop too .
this is an update to my original post .
i am truly disappointed .
your loss will be another artists gain .
the pancakes were heavy , the sausage not bad .
double order of over easy eggs with sausage patties .
but yet service still bad .
i guess my bad for not reading the bill .
will i dine here again , highly doubt it .
we will try another breakfast place before returning here .
way too much bacon for me .
won't be ordering that again .
we did not realize that it was a problem .
that just wasn't going to happen .
what lisa gave me was a second butt chewing .
this review is really late .
i couldn't believe my ears .
you lost our business .
they don't even apologize for the inconvenience !
so cheap , right ?
other stuff was just meh .
it's like the easiest thing to make to perfection .
so in total there were around nine of us .
i'm the customer and you're not ! "
i didn't feel great after eating here .
the value is in the mongolian stir fry .
boy was that a big mistake !
bathrooms are disgusting and never clean !
i don't even know why they even bother .
i left the place still feeling very hungry .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
also the ladies restroom was filthy and needs remodeling .
the selections for me were minimal .
everything else wasn't bad .
the whole experience was just horrible .
couldnt stand being in the place that long .
i was not impressed at all .
the food wasn't great either .
you are better off at panda express .
the food was mediocre .
the selection was very limited .
this place was horrible !
if i could give negative stars i could .
very very rude staff !
this time was no different .
soups tasted like hot salted water .
gives an attitude telling me it's dinner now .
worst customer service ever .
not worth the drive or money .
the selection is not great .
she was having stomach pain from the food .
the decor is old and doesn't look sanitary .
this place is horrible !
the food is tasteless and it wasn't fresh .
the employees are very rude .
shame on this restaurant .
i should 've opened the trays before paying .
i won't be trusting chinese restaurants anymore .
the food was unappetizing and cold .
the restaurant was dirty and the restrooms were filthy .
do not spend your money here !
this is not good food .
there is no attention to quality , or taste .
overpriced , bland , tasteless food .
i really do not recommend this place .
never return there again !
the crab legs were very thin .
the skewers of chicken was my favorite .
very little food to choose from .
wouldn't recommend to anybody .
i am sorry but i would not return here .
will not come back anytime soon .
one of the worse experiences .
the food was horrible as well .
we all left there smelling of bad fish .
selections were old and nothing tasted good .
tried charging me again for another coffee .
i would not recommend this place !
however , the service was alright until today .
i will no longer go to this location anymore .
i don't understand they both met the requirements .
he did not make it any easier for me .
seriously , stay away .
she lacks empathy and customer service skills .
one of the worst apartment i ever lived .
the broth and noodles were flavorless .
left after only two months in .
i truly wish i could give them zero stars .
the administration is awful !
safe yourself the headache and go somewhere else .
she could not get me fitted .
there is an inventory problem here .
find a better establishment for testing .
extremely mediocre service , high prices , poor attitude .
not a good combo .
i'm not really sure what to think .
the very worst las vegas has to offer !
the doctors are horrible .
don't risk your ability to see !
the office was disgusting inside .
end result is everything is ok .
i was very disappointed with the experience .
they almost ruined my wedding due to their incompetence !
didn't speak hardly any english .
customer service wasn't very good either .
i was very disappointed .
the chicken was very dry .
then the fries were gummy and tasted like fish .
a pure waste of money .
almost home , i realized i didnt get it .
always check your bags before leaving !
won't stop here again !
we're so disappointed with the whole meal .
horrible service every time i go through there .
no customer service there .
won't be going to this location again .
this location isn't closed .
probably won't come back to this location again .
the lady works at front desk is extremely rude .
she doesn't care about patients at all .
nice furniture but mediocre service .
the waitress brought our drinks but not a menu .
however wont be back .
i went there on a sunday to watch football .
walked in and it was dead quite .
not like any sports bar .
we paid and walked out .
this place is a rip off !
don't waste money or your time .
they said that there was play in my wheel .
an oil change every thousand miles ?
just because i'm a woman doesn't mean anything .
don't assume i'm ignorant .
don't waste your time or money .
save your money , don't go here .
this whole issue is fairly ridiculous .
very disappointed and will not use again .
they told me they get fresh roses on monday .
however this was not meant to be .
i will never use rose shack .
the lady on the phone was rude .
fell sucker to the smell o vision again .
terrible customer service here .
i don't know why i continue to come here .
this is the slowest pizza hut to ever exist .
there 's always something wrong with this place .
wendy 's has gone waaaay down hill .
but this location , man .
but got my order wrong through the drive thru .
i will not tolerate this behavior .
no that 's insane .
i only put one star because you have to .
i had the worst customer service .
no excuse to treat your guest poorly .
they don't even have diet root beer !
constant customers no more !
i ordered my lunch just minutes ago .
i don't even want to eat this soggy shit .
shame , that 's all i can say .
all the damn beans make the chips all soggy .
but then i tried the food .
and oh yeah , there was no cheese .
the baja blast was just meh .
not a real big mens clothing selection either .
there was nothing fabulous about this place .
really small , very cramped shop .
prices are not the best .
dr. arnold has removed cancer from me twice .
worst bedside manner and can't keep staff .
obviously freezing was not working .
want to know how i fixed it ?
doctors obviously don't know everything especially this one .
service was friendly , place was clean .
i will never buy donuts from them again .
i walked out and walked back in .
i mean , seriously ?
zero stars , go to a different mcdonalds !
thee most incompetent staff of all time .
and to top it off my order was wrong !
the grease needs to be changed !
and their ketchup has gone bad !
don't go here and waste your hard earned money .
and didn't even apologize .
i dont come during rush hour or anything .
all the reviews were so bad .
so i checked it out myself .
all the workers look pissed off .
not a friendly face in here at all .
no stars if i could .
3rd time this week and it's wednesday .
very bad attitude in the drive through again .
how the hell do you stay in business ?
this is not true .
they would not answer the phone either .
i drove to another store down sahara .
i am just going to stop eating here period .
congrats rainbow mcdonald 's , you've lost a customer .
secondly , the fryer oil is disgusting .
this is the worse mcdonald 's in the city .
it's the employees , they're so miserable .
seems to have changed business practices as well .
saffron , apparently , was understaffed for the day .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
do not book any service here .
the manicure and pedicure was poor .
this is a poor excuse for a spa .
how hard is it to hate a massage .
upon arrival she didn't have a good feeling .
i will not be going back .
just not a very good foot doctor .
but in any restaurant , cleanliness should be priority .
don't take the chance everyone .
everyone has an attitude and is less than helpful .
they have no idea what customer service is .
everyone has an attitude except of the cashiers .
find another loan officer , quickly .
apparently my loan officer dropped that ball , too .
their customer service is terrible .
their phone system is terrible .
they are not helpful .
they don't value your time .
the service is not personal at all .
the place is run like a puppy mill .
horrible experience thus far .
service experience was very poor .
will never use this dealership again .
are you kidding me ?
who 's stupid enough to fall for that ?
greasy , greasy , greasy .
no flavor beyond the grease .
no jalapenos or peppers of any kind on it .
the fries were undercooked and the soda was flat .
the management seemed completely clueless .
yes its that bad !
i witnessed an employee with dirty finger nails .
cherry dilly bar , mmmmm yummy !
food is never made or cooked properly !
corn dogs are still frozen in the middle .
blizzards have very little mix ins !
the drive thru set up is ridiculous .
they are only consistent in bad .
every bad review was spot on .
the portions were generous , my blizzard was overflowing .
everyone was laughing while we walked out the door .
i finally got my order and it's wrong .
they have no manners .
i'm here because they had coupons .
and it's usually empty when we come .
the store entrance glass doors are very filthy .
waste of my time .
so i walked out .
hamburgers , hotdogs , shakes and ice cream .
are you kidding me ?
but not a fan of this one .
unfortunately it's the closest to my job .
half of my milkshake spilled out .
it's not brain surgery people !
do not waste your money here !
short and simple don't eat here .
not a fan of this location .
it can be high stress or incredibly boring .
tasted like they were microwaved !
i was extremely disappointed .
this midas is a major rip-off .
avoiding midas from now on .
i'm not coming here again .
not saying they cut .
beware of bs attempts to upsell you .
my presence wasn't acknowledged .
this is getting awkward .
mistakes are totally ok , life happens .
but don't come at the customer that way .
all this for an oil change ?
really unhappy with this company .
they are liars and don't know simple math .
she paid twice for the initial month .
they dont even have toro in stock that night .
the sushi rice was very mushy and overly sweet .
i couldn't take it anymore .
he made me look like i was lying .
how frustrating is that .
will not give them anymore of my money !
no customer service what so ever .
this place makes people very sad and frustrated .
i freakin hate this college .
this is an awful school .
forget the idea of finishing in two years .
seriously hate this school .
they only want your money .
they're all rude even when you're being nice .
exterior atm is conveniently located .
staff inside are a little slow .
clientele here are a little ridiculous .
worst branch ever , never coming back !
always a line , crowded , dirty , noisy .
this ghetto bank is sad , stinks and dirty .
i won't be back .
this is a horrible institution .
this place sucks for being unprofessional and smelly .
please don't waste your time in this pretentious store .
just a hello would of saved our business .
they have lost my business .
overall a very disappointing waste of gas .
has n't in over a year .
i have never felt so disrespected .
no reply was ever given .
my experience wasn't so good .
it was like buying a car .
there was no sense of urgency on there part .
the " nurse " was not overly helpful !
my dog could have died .
so the update is that my dog died .
i don't stand in judgement of those people .
late night rip off !
so i had to go to urgent care .
this is the worst place !
avoid this place like the plague .
extremely disappointed with this company .
you lost more than you gained .
the billing department is a mess .
i just get an attitude .
however , i won't be returning !
which isn't bad so i sat down and waited .
awful service stay away .
are you kidding me ?
the bad : the merchandise is overpriced .
you are special too " and walked off .
their beer selection is average ; nothing special .
adding insult to this injury ?
at least the fries where hot this time !
well , i was going to try this establishment .
i changed my mind , however !
it really makes no sense .
then , it got ugly .
very surprising in a city of competition .
i guess they don't want our business .
it was the most uncomfortable feeling .
crystal was dressed very unprofessional .
fatburger wouldn't be my first choice for lunch .
secondly , it's not that great .
way too strict about the rule .
i can't even with this place .
just not what i thought it was to be .
these guys are no good .
obviously they don't believe in good customer service .
the fence was locked and in no way broken .
do you not know how to open a fence ?
ordered pizza for delivery & it never showed up .
the name really fooled me .
this is what happens when you use cheap cheeses .
i never give restaurants second chances .
i can not believe how unprofessional this place is .
he had to repeat himself over and over again .
ok , that doesn't fix anything .
fries were mushy , threw them away too .
rather bummed by my experience .
bottom line - bad food , bad service .
was not very happy with the food .
decent food , poor execution !
worst customer service over the phone !
can't keep the orders right .
not professional at all .
1st ordering here and i'm not impressed .
i will not be returning .
what a complete waste of time .
worst management company ever !
such a difficult company to deal with .
avoid this company at all cost .
she is lazy and condescending .
my husband spent time here and fell several times .
this is just unacceptable !
my first experience , however , was not good .
how bad could they be ?
that would have been rude .
don't come here for breakfast .
the breakfast burrito was not great .
i wish i could give this place more stars .
stay away from the food unless it's fried .
unfortunate as i liked the place initially .
okay , i have never actually been here .
then i get this victor 's voicemail .
left a message and he never called back .
i'm not an idiot .
horrible horrible place in the service department .
i will never buy another toyota .
just overall bad experience .
shady ass sales people .
these people are the absolute worst !
horrible place to buy a car !
very very bad experience !
she said it was no problem .
like they where blowing me off .
i'm going to try fletcher jones instead .
i ended up buying the car .
the sales team is shady and dishonest .
autonation toyota on sahara !
salesperson : " hello folks welcome to toyota autonation .
i must really have to buy my car here .
do not get your car serviced here !
no car wash , no vacuum .
don't trust what they tell you !
too bad your salesperson was so unprofessional .
now we are beyond pissed .
avoid here at all cost !
do not take your car here for service .
first issue : they don't acknowledge your existence !
second issue : rude workers .
and they'll wash my car for free .
i had a bad experience with them .
you lost our business .
avoid this place as possible .
avoid this place as possible .
avoid this place as possible .
okay this is beyond disappointing .
this place is total crap .
this place doesn't deserve your business .
service manager told me chuck was at lunch .
( i wasted their time ?
more like they wasted my time ! )
zero stars is too much !
nobody even acknowledged my presence .
if i could give a zero star i would .
everytime i get my maintenance they always take forever !
i called centennial toyota , it's a different quote .
straight to the point , no bs .
do not buy extended warranty , people .
this is your money down the drain .
so be careful this place is horrible .
one of my worst experiences of customer service .
a complete waste of time !
they simply don't care .
complete waste of time .
sadly i will not be purchasing from this dealership .
don't come to this dealership .
everything in writing isn't good enough here .
i would give negative stars if possible .
let me start by saying they have crappy service !
rudest service reps ever !
instead they just try to make laughable excuses .
this place is horrible !
they have no clue on what customer service is !
negative stars if possible but its not an option .
shame on autonation toyota .
don't trust place with your car for service .
cons : incredibly rude at the desk .
always leave pissed off .
the mom has an attitude against me " .
at this point , i'm over it .
we will not be back .
i assumed it was a mistake .
no offer to help nor make a solution .
old fashioned ripoff service center .
this place is ridiculous !
zero out of zero .
this place is ridiculous !
zero out of zero .
worse place to go buy a car .
don't even waste your time going to this place .
one star is still too good for this business .
quite the opposite of most dealerships i've dealt with .
couldn't be more disappointed !
i can not believe how horrible the service was !
so disappointed , i truly expected better service .
the guy from the service department was so condescending .
no other dealership had to run my credit .
the parts guy sent me back to service .
it should not have been necessary .
never never again will i do business here .
no loan , no nothing .
only one of these was actually installed .
you guys don't check the work ?
do not ever give this company your email .
another terrible service day .
the two employees were disgusting .
complete waste of my time and money .
that 's how long junk will last .
first off i don't remember her saying this .
when i called i asked to make an appointment .
price was slightly above average according to my husband .
think of how many people the f over .
i hate when mechanics screw people .
i am very disappointed with the service i received .
i was not satisfied at all .
couple of years and had no problems .
he didn't go over any of the check points .
how lazy can a supervisor be ?
i am not sure what the rave is here .
like the meat they used wasn't good .
so we walked up to the counter .
i'm glad i checked it out .
but i doubt i'll be back .
we both walked out even before ordering .
even italian sausage wasn't up to par .
no plastic utensils , napkins , parmesan , nothing .
it wasn't good , no flavor at all .
not my cup of soup .
ultimately i was disappointed .
probably won't be ordering from them again .
everything we ordered tasted terrible .
never had that combination fish with pasta .
the pasta was undercooked fish was nasty .
high price for the low quality of food .
he was not helpful at all and very defensive .
these people are awful .
never ever set foot in here .
the paperwork they gave me doesn't even make sense .
i would high tail it to another dealership .
the gm is a rude man !
that is how bad this place is .
the worst customer service .
it is just too far to drive for service .
they actually made me cry .
this dealership lost a customer .
avoid giving these people your money .
a lot of lip service and no action !
do not take your car here for service .
they've wasted enough of mine .
worst experience i have ever had at a dealer .
don't even deserve a star .
boy was i wrong .
this is the worst i have ever been treated .
i would never go back to this place .
this is the worst i have ever been treated .
i would never go back to this place .
they're very rude here !
no apologies , nothing .
this is not worth it .
pretty horrible customer service in the parts department .
this place is a ripoff .
always trying to make more money off of you .
they insisted the pads was low .
my experience here has been consistently bad .
a very negative place with negative energy .
this place needs to be shut down immediately .
one of the worst experiences in car buying .
it was like pulling teeth to get in touch .
i would highly recommend never going to autonation nissan .
since day one they have been regret than satisfaction .
poor customer service specially at maintenance side .
this is car buying at it's absolute worst .
do not bother with these people .
save yourself a headache and go elsewhere .
the parts department gentleman was very rude .
the register lady isn't the nicest either .
i don't know what 's going on .
all in all a poor way to do business .
won't buy a car here again !
this is the worst place in the world .
got an accident and my car was total .
i just wasn't comfortable buying from a picture .
they certainly weren't getting me the best deal .
it was soo terrible !
my family and i had a horrible experience .
only giving one star cause i have to .
they were not able to help at all .
horrible experience with the chef .
never get what you order .
the problem with this statement ?
the pad thai here isn't bad .
whatever my friend ordered wasn't good at all .
theirs was disappointing though .
not that great of a place .
first item of note was no brown rice .
didn't answer the phone the first time .
i'll spend my money else where .
spend your money elsewhere .
couldn't keep for an extra day without being charged .
do not trust these people .
try some place else !
i got no response back .
has terrible terrible service .
absolute minimum wait time .
wish i'd gone that route .
very rude , unprofessional .
worst burger king ever !
oh , and no receipt .
the highlight for me was the beer .
the nachos flavor wasn't spectacular , it was bleh .
tonight was a total let down .
if it ain't broke don't fix it !
so , i chose the burrito .
my friend was also disappointed .
it was also smokey and loud in here .
the beer is just average .
the service was exceptionally slow .
it feels old , and so is the staff .
i'm going to miss it .
the servers at this particular location are terrible though .
they weren't even remotely busy .
now the pink decor has gone to crap .
the curry puffs were ok , but nothing great .
dim sum was mediocre if that .
go somewhere else for dim sum .
the parking complex also sucked .
would not waste my money here again .
the service was awful !
the service was pretty bad too .
2nd time though kinda irritated me .
sticky fried rice with shrimp : horrible !
roasted duck over peanuts - nobody ate it .
they also ran out of different desserts too .
this place did not make it happen .
the flavors and taste are not that bad .
it just they are too greasy .
probably won't go back .
i've never even reviewed a place so low before !
i'm really disappointed vegas !
which isn't that bad .
also , our soy sauce bottle was empty !
dim sum is suppose to be hot .
horrible i tell you .
apparently the english menu is much more in price .
not a good way to run a business .
the worst dish was the sizzling pepper steak .
bad service and bad food that day !
but it is for the low quality food .
but there were still many empty tables .
after the meal , i was so thirsty .
the food quality is way below the average .
you shouldn't get cold dim sum around then .
so that was pretty disappointing .
= ( how lame !
we will not be back .
not to sure what has happened to this place .
flavorless , cold and some are rotten .
there is this older manager guy is extremely rude .
the bad news , i got food poisoning .
still over priced for the dim sum offered .
this place is extremely slow .
tomato beef chow mein was pretty decent though .
they microwaved our dim sum in front of us .
nothing more to stay .
we arrived around noon and they weren't too busy .
it won't be fresh .
i don't suggest coming here whatsoever .
they are very slow .
the restaurant isn't even big !
because this restaurant is awful .
dining here was an absolute wtf moment for me .
cart ladies were hard to flag down .
the food was cold .
no reason for very limited choices .
we will not be going back .
i am not going back there anymore to eat .
this place has officially closed .
slightly remodeled but you can barely tell .
i wouldn't recommend anyone to go here .
absolutely shut this place down doesn't deserve be open .
this place is so disgusting .
my ac had stopped blowing cold air .
absolutely no customer service or professionalism .
prices are too high as well .
two months later my pet died .
they are strictly indoor cats .
i am disgusted by her rude attitude .
what a horrible experience .
his lack of professionalism continued in the appointment .
still don't have my answers .
bottom line , stay away from this place .
look at their ratings on google , etc .
no staff was onsite .
the chicken katsu was dry .
the roll and macaroni salad was bland .
it was watery and bitter .
convenience not worth the stop !
drove off without ordering .
he was so rude , so we just left .
food was bad , service was terrible .
overall this was a dining experience gone terribly wrong .
the first cup of tea just tasted old .
i have never been here so i was excited .
im not a fan .
don't order a combo - it's a ripoff .
this place is old and run down .
you just lost a customer .
the building is dirty , not well maintained .
the office staff is terrible .
the staff here is very rude and uncaring .
staff answering the phone 's are rude .
little to no eye contact .
do not waste your time .
just sent me off to the lab .
was ok , not the best i've ever had .
did not blow my skirt up .
this is not it .
( quantity is not a problem here ) .
the verdict : disappointing .
for tacos , anyway .
cheap food and quality .
don't go for you will get sick .
this place is the worst .
food is ok , you get your greek craving .
gyro time sandwich - mediocre at best .
meat was not that tasty .
not greek style for sure .
this sauce was sour cream cucumber and some salt .
i am never coming back here .
i could not believe it !
you lost a customer .
everything about their service was mediocre .
to me this doesn't seem like good business .
the manager was rude and very unprofessional .
i was very disappointed with my recent service .
the inside was pretty lousy .
zero , zero , zero .
do not go to this place .
waste of money and more importantly , time .
slowest car wash in america .
she said i can't .
i can't do it in front of her .
she said no it's too late .
it just doesn't seem right .
this place is terrible .
it wasn't even that good .
ate here many times as a kid .
after coming here , why is my question .
that 's not really a combo dude !
that would be considered an insult .
new management is turning farm basket upside down .
the sandwich was crispy but not tasty .
we were so disappointed .
the mashed potatoes with gravy tasted like paste .
i am not planning on returning .
awful , greasy and hard .
we ended up throwing away half of the food .
he will not stand by them if anything happens !
if i could put zero stars i would .
went there to buy a shade tree .
crappy service , crappy plants , crappy experience .
but the sales people are way way too pushy .
i always reserve online .
maybe next time i'll call ahead to prepare them .
they have the worst costumer service ever .
they are very inconsiderate and unprofessional .
i will not use this location ever again .
um , why do you refer them then ?
but the interior of the car was nasty .
wtf im responsible for cleaning your cars now ?
wish i could give less .
they are the worse car company ever .
the rice was undercooked and crunchy .
the orange chicken tasted like chicken nuggets .
plus the noodles and rice suck !
ew , panda express is actually really bad .
costumer service is bad as well .
even the shanghai beef was not up to par .
got sick at this place twice .
came back a month later same thing happened .
i will not be going back ever .
the chicken pasta was pink !
maybe i just caught them on a bad day .
these just didn't taste right .
seriously - find chicken elsewhere .
i regret not having just plain chicken or ribs .
i could never sit through that again .
it would have been better to have it off .
i don't know why anyone would eat here .
i won't even bother using the other one .
the white meat was very dry .
the seasoning on the chicken was too salty .
not worth going back .
my wife drives by this place all the time .
absolutely the worst bbq i ever had .
the mashed potatoes tasted like instant .
the ribs were dry and rough .
no refund of anything .
i said no to their nasty sides .
not worth the wait .
they let people sit in broken seats ?
never will i recommend nevada chicken cafe !
are actually kind of insulting .
i walked in and was told they were closed !
the lady just said no were closed !
meh , i've had better .
in addition the chicken was dry .
both of them tasted like cafeteria food .
the experience was nothing special .
there is nothing in the box but chicken !
what idiots are working there ?
all of it is bland .
i think thats why i constantly go back .
i'm finally done letting you ruin my meals .
fuck nevada chicken cafe .
the wait time alone is a turn off !
how can you burn chicken that bad ?
husband was not happy .
the chicken was dry .
and the sides were mediocre .
i was unfortunately disappointed with this location .
first of all it was so noisy !
the food wasn't as good as the sahara location .
i don't get why she didn't do that .
tips are n't guaranteed .
so it's 5:30 on a friday and no ribs !
didn't really want chicken but oh well .
this place is horrible !
don't go here the service and food sucks .
this individual has zero professionalism managing employees .
right off the bat this place was annoying .
yeah , i probably won't go back .
no bbq on the meat .
for my side i got mashed potatoes and gravy .
there was barely any gravy on the potatoes .
it was really bland and not cheesy .
she saw it dripping and did nothing about it .
then slammed it into place with her butt .
the mashed potatoes were ok .
i didn't like the food they offered .
the mashed potatoes taste gross .
and price is expensive .
i won't be coming back .
they just changed our order without asking .
so so so disappointed .
garlic ranch and the salsa flavors to be exact .
as for customer service , the staff seems friendly .
but that is not my business .
we tried and failed .
the work is below standard !
they are dishonest and lie too .
these people are ridiculous .
terrible service from this hobby store .
almost two hours after my father was placed .
it's not like there wasn't time nor opportunity .
do not send a loved one here .
this place is full of incompetent people .
and many have very bad attitudes .
don't send your loved one here .
i am piss 'd !
waste of money and time .
then she followed me to another aisle .
don't waste your time .
i'm so disappointed with the staff .
service sucked the entire time .
avoid at all costs .
worst starbucks i have ever been in !
she makes eye contact with me then looks away !
avoid this crap box at all costs !
the worst starbucks i have been to !
i will not return to this starbucks !
never same staff and drink consistency is horrible .
i wish starbucks would pay attention to yelp .
maybe time for management change turn it back around .
worst starbucks in las vegas .
not sure what happened but it isn't good .
now , not much customers are here .
everything else about this place is a dump .
long wait times and unfriendly baristas .
not today , however .
had beyond the worst customer service at this location .
this starbucks is the worst !
this isn't the first time either .
taking my business somewhere else .
chapel hill apartments are horrendous .
this is the worst apartment i've ever lived in .
management is a complete joke .
do not consider this place !
not an honest staff wouldn't recommend these apartments .
always wait to see the unit before signing .
however , i didn't get my security deposit back .
avoid at all costs .
well , this was not the case at all .
we quickly made our decision .
it was just so pushy and annoying .
this woman was just so confused it was ridiculous .
simply put , avoid this place at all costs .
it's not worth it .
given we all have out bad days at work .
maintenance is not done in a timely manner .
horrible place to rent to !
they are so unprofessional i'm a little appalled .
now , this was said with a major attitude .
this was so unprofessional and rude !
at this point i lost all interest and left .
i accidentally left some items in the truck .
no wonder everyone is fat .
get my coffee , and it's half full .
worst mcdonald 's i have ever been to .
late night there is a problem .
tonight was cash only .
not caring about service because they have you addicted .
then i realized that i had a soda cup .
but she said nothing .
avoid it at all costs .
parking is awful too !
for some reason this one doesn't .
i leave and attempt to ask another worker .
i am now extremely irritated .
now , i was really pissed .
but , it was a stupid one .
she said that walmart doesn't sell phone cards .
is it the poor public schools ?
i absolutely can not stand walmart .
it's always messy and seems unclean .
there is a weird " walmart " smell .
ugh , just dont like it .
the cashier apparently told her it was ok .
not enough employees at this location .
not my normal location .
it's dirty , unorganized & the workers hate being there.
they didn't take fault for what they did wrong .
manger , then manager told me to beat it .
after he walked away from me .
apparently he just wasn't in the mood that night .
it's always cheap place to shop .
i am not a big fan of walmart .
never have been and never will be .
check outs are a nightmare !
the pharmacy department here is useless .
why was not told that to begin with ?
i was a bit disappointed with the customer service .
it always feels dirty and depressing in there .
once you walk in it goes down hill .
this is just an fyi .
if i could give zero stars i would .
you have lost me as a customer .
very inefficient and very bad customer service .
little did she know who she was dealing with .
a lot of items don't even have prices .
doesn't have any manners .
very rude and has a serious hostile attitude !
another failed attempt and waste of my time !
never will i be back .
not even for store credit .
so you will get turned away .
i couldn't get a shot to save my life !
others at bar just sitting and not playing .
i personally am not a fan of the lodge .
wow , worst bar service ever .
worst service i have ever had .
holy crap , this place is horrible !
worst food i've had in vegas .
this place is terrible !
sorry , won't ever be back .
the food was average , nothing over the top .
nothing sized medium ) .
would a refund have been so difficult ?
save your hard earned money and avoid this place .
it really ruined the entire experience for us .
not really but ok .
the smell of sewage was every where .
recently they had a management change .
totally changed my perspective on this golf course .
worst managed course in the city .
you lost my patronage forever .
lost customer service appeal .
the greens are consistently horrible .
it's too bad because the location is great .
alas , i came in too late for breakfast .
shit poor latte , served in a cappuccino cup .
today they ruined it for me .
service is hit or miss .
problem is , it's hardly ever good .
i will never be back .
all in all , terrible customer service today .
its basic safe ground for your picky eaters .
was not so impressed with this particular location .
they just ripped a chunk off the loaf .
natalie didn't hook me up like that .
it was a total disaster in there !
seriously , painful to watch chaos .
it was really bad !
ordered an asian sesame chicken salad to go .
no one here i'm waiting waiting .
never again , panera .
don't know if going back again !
the sandwich looked nothing like the poster .
the sandwich was cold .
too expensive for the mediocre food .
the turkey was horrible ) .
i don't know if i'll go back .
just let down after let down .
what a waste of money !
the fried rice smelled so bad .
are you kidding me ?
i also ordered two side chicken egg rolls .
th broccoli beef was no where to be seen .
the park lunch wasn't as relaxing after this incident .
my lasagna was incredibly dry .
the service was incredibly slow , the servers inattentive .
life is too short for bad italian food !
didn't think much of it at the time .
payment being due at time of pick up .
i mean really , really bad .
and no , it wasn't from me !
for this reason , i won't be returning .
doors are thin and get holes easily .
the office refuses to help .
the people in the office are rude and condescending .
overall a terrible place to live .
the management is horrible .
nothing is ever organized .
the other one seems slow .
the " staff " seem dangerous .
i wish i could give less stars .
always talking crap in spanish thinking people don't understand .
requested several things to fixed nothing yet .
the pictures came out looked washed and unprofessional .
then came the entrees , which were less impressive .
merlot is all that i remember .
she said she would be back .
i guess i was wrong !
like a white trash wedge .
the lobster was not fresh , definitely frozen .
so unprofessional and rude .
well what a waste of time that was .
i suggest getting an online degree over unlv .
this time i did not take action .
many students i knew cheated regularly .
and hockey does not exist .
it was absolute shit .
after this incident i could not let it go .
i left unlv after a couple of years .
i have absolutely no respect for this school .
bring some dry food , in containers .
the only quiet people are the foreign students .
point is just don't buy into this place .
don't waste your time like i'm about to .
find like minded people , and avoid the idiots .
don't buy the merchandise really not worth it .
they are dead on !
worst school organization system ever !
everything about this place was terrible .
they turned it into deep fried beef jerky .
place is run down .
it did not taste fresh .
price is reasonable but taste is underwhelming .
the mongolian beef was really mongolian onions and peppers .
there was hardly any beef at all .
i will not be going back .
there was no sauce .
for some reason people really can't drive over here .
sorry we left out rv there .
you'll be sorry if you store anything there .
i was greatly disappointed by this place .
it's not right at all .
there are never enough registers open .
anyway , i will never shop here again .
i wasted my money on that shit .
long lines and slow .
worst food and service ever !
it was all sauce , rice and beans .
this place is horrible .
the lady who cut his hair was so rude .
this place is horrible .
the lady who cut his hair was so rude .
today it was the worst .
we will not be going back .
there is no customer service stay away !
the service at this pizza hut is horrible .
it certainly wasn't fresh bacon .
chicken tenders and fries : no bueno .
bowl of chili : blah blah blah .
the flatbread was cold and hard .
not worth a penny .
it was just ok .
our service was absolutely horrible .
the food is bad , even for bar food .
the service is also bad , another problem .
offered to replace but my appetite is ruined .
i won't be back .
wish i could include the video i took .
thanks for trying though .
it looked way too dark .
i walked in and it was not very busy .
be sure to check your bill .
this place is like a cave .
no one to great you when you walk in .
worst customer service i ever experienced !
obviously i won't be going back .
i couldn't believe this .
am i high maintenance ?
obviously they do not care .
the second time is totally unacceptable .
my haircut was not worth that much !
and this is why i rarely eat fast food .
yep , i guess she's feeling better !
seems high to me .
the filet of fish was ok at best .
it's a gas station mcdonald 's !
the smell of urine is simply unappealing .
i want to pay real money for this !
will not visit this location again !
slow unfriendly service surprisingly from a mcdonald 's .
shame on the workers who passed this out .
shame on the workers who passed this out .
i get technology sucks sometimes .
advice to management , teach your employees stress management .
they cost me more money in repairs .
very unhappy with our first visit .
we have never been treated like that before .
nothing " dive bar " about this place .
none of that here .
it kind of remind me of being home .
i quickly found out that this is not right .
i have had the worst experience with them .
i was becoming extremely confused and frustrated .
uh not gon na happen .
he put the gel over my cuticles !
i highly doubt ill b back .
however , do not give them your contact details .
i assume she was on commission .
and i hate saying that .
i got bored w it quickly .
not quite sure how it could be improved .
and the food just wasn't very good at all .
we didn't finish our meals .
maybe we just had a bad experience ?
our waitress was so rude !
it was so bland .
i ordered an omelet with toast and hashbrowns .
i don't really consider those to be real cheese .
my food was not very good overall either .
terrible service , terrible food .
i have bought appliances here several times .
no show , no call .
after a month my dishwasher still does not work .
no real atmosphere here .
it was pretty bland , as was the food .
it went downhill from there .
the server was terrible .
overall shitty experience , bland food and overpriced menu .
i was not overly impressed .
in that case , i'd stick to beer .
got a meatball sub and fries for take out .
won't be ordering from here again .
way too greasy and just okay tasting .
there was no bbq sauce in it .
no more from me .
but the service was horrible .
mushy and tasteless , covered in tasteless doughy stuff .
literally just sauce and cheese .
i am not usually the one to complain .
the man on the phone was so completely rude !
boo this garbage pizza place !
it was smashed up and looked like lasagna .
and miserable to get up and move .
that alone makes me want to stay away .
terrible food and service .
some definite problems as a venue .
often difficult to see the stage .
server was rude and gave us attitude .
couldn't get up to see the band .
i called and unfortunately david answered the phone .
hell to the no !
i don't get all these reviews .
if i could give it no stars i would .
so you can't sit at those tables .
the place is rather dirty .
there will be no surprises there .
the ambiance was sad .
they could do so much better .
the service was just ok .
the food was awful .
so it tasted like burnt crust dust .
however , this is not a place for locals .
vegetarians have limited choices here .
the majority of people here are not like you .
skip the regular menu .
the atmosphere can not be beat , though .
it sorta is strange but get over it .
the worst service i have ever gotten .
probably won't be back anytime soon .
it's cafeteria food served on nice plates .
just another sub-par pittsburgh restaurant .
alas , it will be no more .
- bland and poorly done food .
the soup was tasteless .
the bison rib-eye was all gristle .
our favorite entrees were definitely not the same .
although it was tasteful , why was it cold ?
he was completely rude to me the whole night .
even my boyfriend brought up that he was short .
sadly , it does not .
behind the bar was a mess .
it lacked anything special .
mediocre beer at inflated prices and terrible food .
food however very disappointing .
their beer is awful .
get a better brew master , seriously .
none of these beers taste finished .
oh -- and the restaurant stinks inside .
even getting the check and getting out was slow .
it was dry , dry as dust and flavorless .
we can't recommend this place , sad face .
a little dry and not super unique .
the portions were huge , however .
could not wait to get there again this year .
it was as dry as the desert !
i didn't even eat half of it .
tonight i had the meatloaf .
this restaurant ruined my new year 's eve !
don't waste your time .
the cons : food is absolutely terrible .
please don't bother taking anyone here for dinner .
the fillings weren't great either .
ventilation system needs to be improved .
it smelled awful inside from the beer being brewed .
just nothing that exciting .
it was drowning in grease .
it's not worth the wait .
this is basic food service stuff , folks .
the beer menu is confusing and not helpful .
the beer was not terrible , but not fantastic .
nothing i would ever order again .
the service was terrible .
the waitress seemed clueless and awkward .
the menus are awful .
very poorly designed and so confusing .
the food was mediocre .
overall , i was sad when leaving .
most overrated place in pittsburgh , in my opinion .
their beer is nothing special .
neither is their food .
the service was incredibly slow and inattentive .
the jambalaya was not very impressive .
actually , it was boring .
neat concept but lacking in execution .
wait staff seemed disinterested .
the food , horrible !
the food was really bad .
no taste at all .
and there is no air conditioning .
to start , the service was awful .
a+ for decor and ambience .
the beer and food falls a bit flat .
really missed the mark .
the staff isn't the friendliest .
granted , i'm from nyc .
now , for the food : it was crap .
the quinoa was unbelievable .
it tasted like old refrigerator .
oh god , this place .
the ambiance is even worse !
service was friendly , but inattentive .
but avoid food , too pricey & not tasty .
lots of better options in the city .
the food and service are terrible .
they have no wheat base beer .
the server was not interested much in waiting .
in addition the acoustics are a disaster .
the food and beer are both mediocre at best .
this place is over rated and just not good .
food here is expensive and they use sub-par ingredients .
guess they don't want my business .
over the years it slowly lost it's luster .
this company does not stand by it's work .
this place was horrible .
i won't be going back there ever .
their fish sandwich is only famous for being awful !
no sauce , no condiments .
i have never been so ignored .
find your kitchen and bath stuff somewhere else .
went to the store february 5th and was ignored .
underwhelmed is how i would sum up my experience .
this place is an absolute ripoff .
not once did they complete the work as stated .
the worst car wash i have ever been to .
it ate away at my big toe !
didn't even get a massage .
don't waste your money .
it was really bad .
personally , i won't be back .
i really am not a fan .
terrible customer service and record keeping .
really can not recommend .
the onion soup is not a french onion soup .
kudos to piper 's pub for doing something different .
there 's no real atmosphere there .
it was extremely loud inside .
what awful customer service !
we are regular patrons but today was pathetic .
the main problem was our waiter .
it was shockingly bad .
this is in no way possible british cuisine .
don't waste your money on this dump .
it seems like they don't want customers .
scotch eggs - overcooked and burnt .
only go if desperate for food and or hungover .
completely ruins the bagel .
work , i would never stop at this one .
that should not be necessary .
which it typically is not .
eventually i just stopped going .
do not even try to order from them online !
what horrible customer service !
that 's why no one ever goes here .
and it's really not .
this place is horrible !
which this dump most definitely is not .
but it fails to work here .
then they hit total strangers up for a drink .
this place is terrible .
the draft beer made me sick .
not the amazingly friendly service the sign describes .
perhaps just a miserable person .
the music was too random to be ironic .
that was a poor decision .
this place is awful .
the place is dirty , the service is awful .
i would not recommend this to anyone .
there are better places to go now .
ok i get it you are busy .
my biggest complaint however was the clientele .
lots of wood and stained glass .
this place sucks if you're an adult .
please ask me to send my bad experience video !
waitresses are really rude here absolutely never going back !
cleanliness was ok and the staff was friendly .
do not plan to return and don't recommend .
they don't even dance at this place .
it's just a typical , lame racist college bar .
first off the service at this place is horrible .
i've tried to like nakama , i really have .
nakama is not the place .
ick -- avoid this place .
still nothing in front of me .
i'm not sure what people see in this place .
can't verify that though .
has such bad ratings on yelp .
i had the hibachi and it was just mediocre .
it was really bad .
it's also really loud in the restaurant .
and then they would get one chance .
soup was way too salty .
will not hurry back .
the food was pretty terrible through and through .
you won't regret it .
no t-shirts , yet the food was terrible !
the place as also very loud .
because people are clueless .
over rated , over priced and always crowded .
simply disappointed in the lack of basic customer service .
i've had bad sushi here several times .
shrimp tempura was beer batter , not tempura .
not a fan of this place at all .
and the service was horrible .
i thought this place was awful .
we couldn't even eat together .
little tokyo in mt .
can't say that about a lot of sushi restaurants .
the sushi is poorly rolled and falls apart .
don't go here if you are gluten free .
my friend got the complete wrong sushi order .
i don't get the attraction to this place .
fried rice seemed bulk and not freshly made .
very busy at lunch .
almost like they weren't ready for a friday lunch .
slow service , mediocre food .
however , the food has yet to come .
our meals were okay but nothing special .
i'm talking sick like from the movie bridesmaids .
spend your money elsewhere .
service was terrible and will not be returning .
ugh this place is so overrated !
the service is awful and everything is so overpriced !
bad customer service bad business ethics mr. chris .
this place is noisy and dark .
never going back to this place .
this was truly a major disappointment .
service was marginal yet the restaurant was not full .
very disappointed and would not recommend this to anyone .
the service was pretty disappointing overall .
i think my bartender was having a bad day .
this was my least favorite experience at nakama .
i just can not get over the service .
i will get my hibachi / sushi fix elsewhere .
probably the worst hibachi i have ever experienced .
the food was overpriced mediocre hibachi .
throw it away and put a xmas beer there .
she was rude and ignorant !
was really ignorant about it too .
zero management i guess .
the drinks are watered down and over priced .
the sushi is lack luster .
no wonder the place was 1/2 empty .
honestly nothing special compared to other hibachi places .
after this time , never to come back again .
susan called sun over and complained about my friend .
needless to say , we took our business elsewhere .
this was my first and last nakama experience .
i will never step foot in that place again .
sharing food is a strict no .
walked out of there as soon as possible .
service was not so good .
this place is not worth your time or money !
or lack there of .
she is mortified and confused .
but that 's not even the point .
call corporate if you feel it was inappropriate . "
this place is the worst .
the food isn't good and it's super pretentious .
we sat at the bar and were quickly helped .
unfortunately , the service ruined my experience .
the worst place i have ever been .
i dread coming to this starbucks .
and no foam means no foam .
they lost all of our business .
don't show up here sober .
ok weird , but we can get over it .
going there on a saturday was awful !
it was a gross experience .
try the lava place instead , much more interesting .
it was way way way too crowded .
second , the hallway with the bathrooms smelled awful .
lastly , the dance floor was way too small .
made the mistake of visiting on a saturday night .
dear lord , it was crowded .
thick was not very busy .
do i know anything about providing superior customer experiences ?
guess where i'm headed next ?
my experience here was weird as shit .
how the hell is this place still in business ?
i had a veggie hoagie and cheese fries .
will never return here .
an extreme amount of cigarette smoke in the air .
not sure about now .
or for , you know , breathing wrong .
the guy clearly has no sense of humor .
no food except for a vending machine .
even new york pizza isn't considered true italian .
sausage between the layers of dough ?
sounds disgusting when you think about it .
the service was so bad i almost walked out .
the food was very bad .
i have no other way to put it .
the pasta was completely tasteless .
i ordered a small chicago style pizza .
worst customer service i've ever experienced in my life .
i don't even wan na give them one star .
just wanted to warn yelpers about this place .
for my choice of side i went with fries .
not recommend to become a member .
i would never , ever go there again .
even the desert was lacking .
the wine was bland .
the entree was overcooked and underwhelming .
this is going to be short .
i didn't need to eat anymore of it .
they were also piping hot and made to order .
not the same since it was sold years back .
only because there the ones that take more time .
worst gyro on the south side .
the amount of salt on these things was ridiculous .
am i missing something ?
occasionally , co-workers pick-up the " cheese " sauce .
can i give this place no stars ?
not that i tan much , anyway .
it's not a very professional atmosphere .
prices are very inexpensive .
this place has taken a turn downhill , possibly ?
shame jack 's , for shame !
it's so bad you have to love it .
they wouldn't serve me .
so he like crappy tunes .
this was my first turn off .
five seconds later the wings were there .
this was our 1st stop .
this is a pet peeve of mine .
it's gets very , very stuffy in there .
i've had better , i've had worse .
we had a miserable experience tonight at club cafe .
completely different from what i've read or expected .
ugh , this place is gross .
the mary was so bland and boring .
i doubt i'll be back here .
ok place for a lunchtime burger or breakfast .
sadly it was nothing of the sort .
but it was so quite and uncomfortable .
nothing in breakfast should ever be microwaved .
unfortunate because they seemed really nice .
i just wish the food had been as good .
my wife ordered chicken and prosciutto with pasta .
the check was extremely slow in coming .
it was nearly twice that much .
small wonder the place was empty .
wish dish were open for lunch .
i don't see myself going back .
sadly , i just had a poor experience there .
got the roast beef bland nothing special .
the menu is very boring typical bar food .
" , as loud as he possibly could .
the breakfast menu was way smaller than anticipated .
i got the chicken parm over pasta .
i will never set foot in hear again .
first of all , i hate waiting in lines .
my god , the cakes were delicious .
sit down with others at one table .
quick give me a real egg and meat !
is the food vegan ?
the food was mediocre .
they didn't have to-go boxes !
but it just was not a good experience unfortunately .
would not recommend to a friend .
no problem , i understand that this happens .
they charge hefty fees without telling you anything .
holy hell , don't eat at this bk .
if you're craving burger king , go else where .
the crew is slow , surly , and rude .
the staff is typically rude .
i wouldn't step foot in this place .
i then requested barbeque .
the work area looks very dirty .
it was heavily stained with grease and pop .
the chicken nuggets came out .
the hamburger was correct , i'll give them that .
the fries were cold .
looked like it would hurt on the way out .
why are thrift stores becoming so expensive !
i like the ring enough . "
unfortunately is was lame , lame , lame .
bread was 2-3 days old , & stale .
got a side of balsamic vinegar instead .
it's diner food not gourmet a la carte .
i went in with very low expectations .
the service so far had been very slow .
the gyro and the hot roast beef sandwich arrived .
i really don't care for ranch .
and it stayed dry -- for a long time .
i might return if someone really wants to go .
eggs , toast , meats , and potatoes .
we went today and the service was awful .
only good for people watching .
no more tom 's for me .
i stayed here recently for a work trip .
i never received a reply to this email .
i stayed here recently for a work trip .
i never received a reply to this email .
parking is not included in ur room .
but , not so quiet .
that 's not all folks !
dirty and rude staff .
do not waste your hard earned money .
wifi was slow and spotty .
also , avoid dealing with rosa , very rude .
do you want to sleep ?
i would not recommend booking a room here .
only eat the breakfast if you're desperate .
yet none of the rooms are available .
shuttle that rarely is running on time .
horrible experience in the horrible stay for four days !
no room cleaning , nothing .
also , there was no manager available .
worst hotel experience ever .
do not recommend this hotel to anyone .
but no , my medications are not ready .
there should be three , not just two .
there was no apology .
southside deserves a better grocery store .
i miss this place .
owner is extremely rude .
employee didn't wash hands as he left the bathroom .
and the food was terrible .
also the crowd they attract isn't a good one .
i try to avoid this place .
no , it's not .
this can't be serious .
needless to say this did not sit well .
mostly light meal oriented w/ panini and sandwiches .
i wish i had n't come here to work .
i have nothing good to say about this place .
things have changed for the worse .
things literally changed overnight from good to bad .
not turned down , off .
at least five other tables cleared out almost immediately .
are you kidding me ?
you're going to get people sick !
this pull was nearly straight water .
the failure here is in fact not the barista .
overpriced drinks and rude staff .
if not , then stay away from this place .
overall , i can say i'm not coming back .
don't even get me started .
are you kidding me ?
i just wasn't wowed .
for vinyl , dave 's is a major disappointment .
and that 's even more depressing .
the food wasn't bad but a little overpriced .
hey , everyone was doing it .
just don't go to hot rod .
the place itself , isn't anything fancy or nice .
terrible terrible customer service .
but , i figured he had a bad day .
it was really bad .
horrible service takes a long time .
i heard great things about the fish sandwich .
good food , but service is horrible .
their staff are rude and trashy .
the atmosphere is not cheery .
it's a hit or miss here .
the mac and cheese bites were good .
the wings were also cold .
big disappointment on the wings .
i have been to the ugly dog multiple times .
worst hampton inn i've stayed at .
general manager has no idea what customer service is .
the rooms are very dated and very dark .
i hate this set-up .
this place is horrible !
it is a " hole in the wall " .
broccoli was too mushy .
too expensive for portion size .
wont be wasting any more money here .
the cashew chicken should be so much better .
the fried rice was just ok .
but the beef sticks were so gross .
of nasty so called pork .
wtf is that i ask ?
don't waste your money !
hands down the worst chinese food i've ever had .
bland and flavorless food .
pretty disappointing and overpriced .
don't waste your money here .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
they refused to fix it .
they replaced the entire thing under warranty .
don't trust ryan 's auto .
wow what a mess this was .
fool me once , shame on you .
fool me twice , shame on me !
go for the beer but dine elsewhere .
the food was not that great .
are you kidding me ?
no , let 's talk about the service .
they just don't know what they are doing .
cole slaw was bland .
overall horrible outcome except for the great server .
delivery driver delivered pizza and we tipped in cash .
neither will our friends or family .
if i could give zero stars i would .
but otherwise , this wasn't a great idea .
super annoying and frustrating experience .
instead , sadly , i met with great disappointment .
it was listed as open on yelp !
this place is horrible .
what 's worse is that lady does not care .
pretty nasty customer service .
i am so unimpressed by this florist .
i'll do my bargain hunting elsewhere , thanks .
doesnt anyone know what pete 's wicked ale is ?
we get here and it's confusing from the start .
we've done it before and it's worked .
well , excuse me , mr. sassy pants .
needless to say , the food was terrible .
i wasn't impressed with the food at all .
the service was worse .
a little while later our soup came in cups .
still no sign of the soup !
never again big jim , never again !
we left a bit disappointed .
but you can't eat that .
in fact i think it got worse .
very old and falling apart .
both tasted good but i really couldn't enjoy it .
i do not even know where to start .
but this place is dirty .
no pride in the work .
this hurts my heart it write this review .
not good but much better .
he was not happy .
neither of us were impressed by the lasagna .
meat was not kosher corn beef .
i will not go back to this location again .
it feels cramped inside .
this pizza tastes like pizza .
the vets and vet staff were adequate .
we would strongly recommend east end vet .
i said no , it is my first time .
very very very bad attitude .
the drink was overpriced , but whatever .
not impressed by the food or service .
i would not recommend this location to anyone .
no apology and a total lie .
i didn't like the honey mustard dipping sauce .
i immediately threw the sub out .
the pizza was terrible .
don't get me wrong .
dirty men 's room .
unsure of who our server was .
no one returned to fill coffee .
disappointing after so many strong reviews .
there are better options .
the eggs were hard and over cooked .
the only entree that was decent were the hotcakes .
the food is completely ordinary and completely overpriced .
the sandwich was ok , nothing special .
it wasn't even due for two more months !
overall , i'd stay away from this place .
from what i've experienced , he seems very sketchy .
i walked in and didn't see one employee .
it was quite strange .
lady at payment window says " exact payment . "
if you don't have exact , then your screwed .
the museum was really disappointing .
the workers working there had bad attitude .
such rudeness and racist is unacceptable .
bad , bad , bad experience .
the employees were not welcoming .
- parking will cost you .
- surly and indifferent staff .
nothing short of diner fare .
so i opted for sausage gravy and biscuits .
so i ordered the seafood bisque .
and would a choice be too much to expect ?
hardly anyone there but us and another party .
the vast majority of tables empty .
until then , i will not be back .
first off , it wasn't terrible .
bar is not well stocked .
the soup and fruit starters were above average .
we won't be returning and i was very disappointed .
" i don't know he's in an out .
terrible customer service - very rude .
it tasted like berry flavored water .
this business is not deserving of your business .
horrible service , mediocre ice cream .
this place is a total rip off .
i do not recommend !
they obviously know nothing about customer service !
the owner is so rude !
he seemed annoyed that we even stepped in .
the ice cream itself is nothing special .
it's too big . "
and the ice cream is very plain .
nothing to write home about !
shouldn't be in business !
the man working was clearly miserable .
again , just bizarre .
the man makes you feel bad to order anything .
pizza was under cooked and doughy .
the pizza is just ok .
i wouldn't recommend it .
the dining room could use some wall decor .
washington restaurants i know .
even the menu is confusing .
like a bad cafeteria on top of mt .
they were not well presented and looked kinda gross .
and the service is worse than the food .
the fish was mediocre .
but i still doubt i'll ever be back .
sorry to see it tank .
i will never patronize this establishment again .
also , the owner is a total snob .
no one finished their meal .
they offer outdoor seating , which is a plus .
trashy , to say the least .
would never return here .
manager wouldn't even comp the apps .
not a repeat visit .
it seems like the restaurant is terribly managed now .
so i've never been a fan .
but the service is horrible !
bad bad bad bad bad !
very bad service , worse management !
service was very slow .
i'm thinking its fail proof .
but , well , they're not .
have no idea if the food is any good .
the place was busy but no packed .
really , greeting a customer isn't that hard .
walked out and no one said a word .
very sad excuse for a buffet brunch .
the corn muffins were dry and crunchy .
upstairs , all alone with no one else .
it's very respectful of you .
the mac and cheese was super expensive and lackluster .
likely won't be visiting here again .
fries were spicy , everything was made spicy .
the fries are incredibly salty almost inedible .
however it doesn't describe the food very well .
not once throughout our whole meal .
out of that too .
he should be running the place , really .
in the past year or two has gone downhill .
the whole experience was just very disappointing .
the service was terrible .
short rib tacos had no flavor other than spice .
i'll not return any time soon .
worst treatment ever and it was my birthday !
i was here around 2:30 on a monday .
if they had been busy , i get it .
i wouldn't have questioned it .
i won't be back .
came here for sunday brunch and was not impressed .
the quality of food is not good .
it actually hurt my lips and stomach .
i really wanted to like this place .
it's just that the food was so forgettable .
not what you'd expect on mount washington .
the hostess was just cold as ice .
so i will never patronize that restaurant again .
now , this restaurant was a completely disappointing experience .
scallops were ok but the broccoli was too burnt .
not disappointed , either .
went here for a business dinner tonight .
the butternut squash tasted like almond paste .
the waiter returned quickly enough , full of apology .
i've never made reservations for the dining room .
unfortunately , a table opened up .
when our food came out it was cold .
not even under a heat lamp cold .
it was just cold .
and fish is not very tasty cold .
the decor is just cheesy and lame .
fake painted palm trees ?
( lets not forget about the elevator ride ) .
everything else is just terrible .
thus the food only gets one star .
unfortunately , it was all down hill from there .
chilean seabass with korean bbq preparation .
this was kinda dry and mostly tasteless .
maybe they cooked it too long , i dunno ?
probably the worst seabass i've had to be honest .
the salmon chunks that came with it were ok .
regardless , i just can't recommend you eat here .
my dish was a serious mess .
sad times all around .
the food is okay but very expensive .
there 's nothing hanging on the walls .
the cut was thin , the taste bland .
the sauce was runny and just didn't do it .
however , his service was not so remarkable .
i was very disappointed .
now , there is a table wait list .
the remodel is grey , drab .
no handicap bathroom on dining floor after remodel .
very disappointing considering the price charged .
unfortunately , that was not the case this time .
our waitress was arrogant .
prices were way too high for the quality provided .
grilled wedge was ok at best .
dry salty just disgusting .
i would stick to the chilean sea bass .
but the food was unimpressive to say the least .
the other only good note was the service .
the food is ridiculously overpriced and mediocre at best .
really , really disappointing .
the veal was so overpowered with garlic !
i like a little garlic but this was overwhelming !
the spinach salad was very bland !
i will not go back !
do not waste your time or money .
i'm not making this up !
zucchini appetizer was slightly burned .
they seriously need improvement and it was disappointing .
the carpet is a mess .
bad service , mediocre food but a great view .
but we never got to find out .
service was soooo slow .
the food was overpriced and less than desirable .
the butter didn't help much .
baked potato was microwaved .
a baked potato will be crispy on the outside .
this is a direct result of the baking .
the tip wasn't much .
the interior is weird .
she never returned to check up on us .
the baked potato was also dense .
the food is crappy .
cheap food prepared poorly .
i think i've experienced better flavor at taco bell .
the baked potato was over cooked .
staff does not reflect the price of the food .
i would rather go to texas roadhouse .
all of our entrees were overcooked or undercooked .
don't waste your time !
i was so wrong .
the waiter never mentioned the price of the specials .
needless to say , he left hungry .
went here on a slow weeknight .
i dunno , i expected flavor .
it was very blah .
maybe i like things too flavorful ?
not a family / kid friendly place .
food was bland and service was horrible .
would not recommend this place .
never have i ever experienced terrible service like this .
there were no traditional italian dishes .
olive garden has better food .
meal was very disappointing .
my sauce tasted burnt and it was lacking flavor .
it was not good .
i was just very underwhelmed .
i don't even know where to start .
overall this place was awful .
very unprofessional not to mention against pa consumer laws .
walked out and told the hostess this was ridiculous .
the only thing memorable was the rack of lamb .
i will never patronize my little buddies restaurant again .
not fresh , not good .
this food was unbearable once again .
so i'll write a review to stay away .
the waiter ( owner , chef ? )
this guy never even looked there .
they do not provide good quality food items anymore .
how awful of a business owner are you ?
i am never coming back here again .
picture that disgusting dish rack .
bottom line : avoid this place .
this place is not good .
and the bread is nasty .
should have gotten fountain soda as bottles were warm .
not a good scene .
they barely look at you and never thank you .
this is very unprofessional .
don't stay here unless you absolutely have to .
worst residence inn i have ever stayed in .
the room was very hot and stuffy .
furniture was ripped and torn .
very disappointed with this stay .
well that was very bad also .
i'm very unhappy with your service .
sure this will not matter .
not personable , not nice .
go for drinks , pass on the food .
not happy with management decisions .
she was rude and racist .
food came pretty quickly but fries were cold !
this is a difficult review to write .
the museum part of the attraction is disappointing .
i was bored with my tour .
i wish the museum was far better .
you can't please everyone .
i got ripped off from them like crazy .
garbage is always overflowing .
i wouldn't bother with this place .
they put tomato sauce on it ?
another example of bad italian food in pittsburgh .
the food is sub-par for a traditional restaurant .
joe mama 's is just lacking too many things .
the food is italian , but pretty uninspired .
i've tried their pizza which is ok .
spinach wrap for lunch was disgusting .
went for lunch again for a meeting .
everything here is kind of so-so .
heck , nothing here has ever not disappointed me .
had spinach alfredo pizza that lacked much taste .
i called it a mistake .
pretty much everything was downhill from there , though .
this food at this place is not good .
i would definitely not get a pasta dish though .
i am so confused .
worst experience of my life !
unfortunately , you don't really have any other options .
jerry : i don't understand .
jerry : i don't think you do .
i would give zero stars if possible !
other than that , we won't be back !
it was a terrible night !
the sushi here is nothing to be excited about .
cheap sushi , but not very good .
the lady at the counter was beyond rude !
the red snapper here was beyond horrible !
simply put : the sushi here was not good .
terrible , preparation was sloppy , taste was mediocre .
sushi rolls fell apart .
unfortunately , none of them were good .
this place was pretty disappointing .
the rolls were flavorless .
but recently , you've changed .
is there an option for no stars ?
it doesn't even sit under a heat lamp .
sauce tasted terrible , almost too salty .
the items are hit or miss , and lackluster .
i'm with matt l. on this one .
the service is the absolute worst .
i don't know why lulu 's is so popular .
the kim chi is subpar .
some people don't like taro chunks in theirs .
it also had canned tomatoes , and no basil .
however not in this case .
great prices , average to terrible food .
don't want to take my debit card at 4pm ?
food isn't worth the b.s .
but the real problem was the miso broth itself .
it was so salty it was almost inedible .
certainly not bland this time , though !
it was a depressing , bad experience .
lulu 's really not fantastic .
big portions , pretty fast .
service is slow , like your momma slow .
yuck , yuck , yuck .
unfortunately , i won't be coming back here again .
it was not good .
the food here is mediocre at best .
the food is either too bland or overly salty .
the vegetables were bland and salty .
there is a reason why the prices are cheap .
their pho is terrible .
tried lulu 's again .
food is good , but service is terribly terrible !
lulu 's is mediocre at best .
the pork in my soup was overcooked and chewy .
i wouldn't order their soup again .
i got the lunch special , it was terrible .
meat seemed low quality .
actually one star is still too high to them .
first of all , their service is very awful .
every time i went there , i felt bad .
i won't go back this restaurant never again .
this place is really horrible .
the soup was tasteless .
do yourself a favor and skip this place .
i don't see what all the hype is about .
the service is also poor .
the food is cheap and passable .
service is slow but usually friendly .
and , honestly , it's a pretty weak two .
me and my doctor girlfriend ?
but , it was totally meh .
sorry , lulu 's .
i wouldn't go back .
i ordered the korean bibimbap bowl with duck .
the bowl was topped with kimchi and duck .
however , the food here is terrible .
overall , the food is just questionable .
the tofu was mushy .
and there were no bean sprouts .
absolutely no seasoning or flavor .
i was really disappointed with my food .
i really want to like this place .
the food is just not very good .
their brown sauce is heavy , like gravy .
plus the service is almost nonexistent .
terrible experience and we didnt even get to eat .
however , the food is terrible .
how wrong we were .
definitely made us feel very very rushed .
could use more bubbles though .
the chicken seemed to be of low quality .
the worst pad thai noodles ever !
it is not suppose to taste sweet .
worst than eating a bag of candy .
the food was mediocre with some good in it .
the food was flavorless and overcooked .
everything had a nasty film on it .
it is the worst restaurant i have never experienced .
oh c'mon , are u kidding me ?
the service is generally horrible .
however , the pluses stop there .
worst service ever , beyond rude .
sorry lulu 's it's nothing personal .
i really didn't like lulu 's at all .
their food was terrible .
just overall a terrible experience .
hello , where 's my waitress ?
no , i will never go here again .
this is not the lulu 's i remember .
bubble tea : worst bubble tea i've ever had .
it's just not good in general .
i will not be returning .
dirty environment and waitress was so rude to us .
it is hard to make take out noodles tasteless .
overall food was crappy .
the service at lulu 's seems extremely disorganized .
it's no longer that place .
pathetic doesn't even begin to describe it .
lunch does not include table service .
any way , better luck next time .
the worst attitude i have ever experienced .
wings and crab rangoon are crispy .
why am i here .
try rose tea or even oriental express .
the food didn't take long to come out .
the food is sub-par .
nothing to write home about .
they've slowly gotten worse .
won't be going back .
extremely mediocre asian food .
server was friendly and assisted me in ordering .
i ordered thai lemon beef on noodles .
there were humongous ice chunks and barely any bubbles !
there was no real mango , just flavoring .
the chicken was tasteless on both meals .
their meat is completely bizarre .
the dish was mediocre .
no recommendation on this restaurant .
i will never step foot in this place again !
have n't been here for quite awhile .
the food is just gross .
there won't be a third time .
i wish zero stars was a choice .
subpar asian food in an extremely noisy cafeteria setting .
-the food is mediocre .
-they play obnoxious music outdoors ( but not inside !
hyped up fast food chinese restaurant , american style .
ridiculous for a " cleaners " .
i've been loyal , but deserve better right now .
do not go here for alterations .
i don ' t think this is unreasonable .
bottom line : there are better places .
the drink selection itself is laughable .
it's just awful then .
seriously , don't go here unless you have to .
there are better , cheaper bars in oakland .
just plain nasty this place is .
service was slow at times .
service is very slow .
bad service and bad food !
the service wasn't that great either .
this place just keeps getting worse .
service was terrible for food !
they don't give you any meat at all .
im sorry but really disappointed with the hair cut .
cried when i got back cause it looked ridiculous .
horrible , rude service .
not sure why there are so many favorable reviews .
the service is just super bad .
their flavor choices are always boring .
don't ruin your brand .
but the texture leaves something to be desired .
also , be careful with their spoons .
worst ice cream ever !
he didn't really apologize and didn't invite me back .
there are other choices in this area .
i've had so much better elsewhere .
it was very dry and tasteless .
dishes here are quite cheap .
beef too dry , too well done .
or can't slice the meat and cook it ?
terrible service and mediocre to bad food .
so , not everything is bad .
bland , over cooked and greasy .
not going back here again .
i didn't even like the pita bread .
everything else i've tried i have regretted ordering .
sadly , the food usually disappoints .
this also was dry and burnt .
i should have listened to them !
i've had much better elsewhere .
so i didn't freak out .
i did , however , get a new knife .
although the manager apologized , it was still unacceptable .
but the experience overall was lackluster .
this is no longer the case at indian garden .
water was never refilled .
the food was mediocre at best .
i was so , so wrong .
i didn't find anything special about it .
that 's why i don't like the place .
it's just not as good as it should be .
but it simply isn't .
if it's cold , try the chili .
desert misses the rain .
her reaction was slow .
bbq chicken pizza crust was burned and lacked flavor .
lastly , the jerk chicken was too jerky .
i'm not a fan .
my problem is the food .
it is just eh .
bummer that they couldn't maintain that standard .
the waitress stole my credit card information .
i would 've preferred them plain .
i would have been happier if it were bland .
instead it was just plain awful .
how to describe awful ?
not gon na complain but never getting food again .
unfortunate because it smelled really good .
unfortunate because it smelled really good .
atmosphere : it works , i guess .
service : no complaints here .
i was irritated , but decided not to argue .
this place is horrible .
bland chicken , sad tomato and lettuce .
not into mystery meat .
i seriously don't get the draw .
not going to this again .
- no breakfast sandwiches .
- bathroom requires a key ?
i guess that 's typical starbucks .
neither did the wife .
i thought this room was empty .
pretty disappointed in the customer service .
he returned it and the women seemed quiet annoyed .
worst whole wheat bagel i've ever had .
i was starving and still couldn't finish it .
yuck , would not recommend going here at all .
the bagel was thin and pretty bland .
egg and bacon were heated up in a microwave .
i was very uncomfortable .
the other reviews look fake to me .
it's too fluffy as pizza crust .
so very disappointed with this place .
pizza was cold , smashed and with incorrect toppings .
it was just not good at all .
the service was slow .
had dinner there last night and was terribly disappointed .
not fresh at all .
my mothers fiance couldn't even finish his meal .
but this place isn't italian .
the food was okay , but nothing special .
they were very rude .
but the entrees were ok at best .
our waiter looked angry all the time .
i can't even get started on the father .
i didn't have a great experience here .
the service could also have been better .
i will not return for another meal .
i would not recommend getting drunk there .
this was a mistake .
meh , maybe i'm just too picky .
don't waste your money here .
the worst kfc ever .
her attitude was just beyond disgusting & rude !
very blah tasting crispy chicken to be honest .
can't see myself ever going back .
appointment times mean nothing to this practice .
he was extremely rude with horrible bedside manner .
the experience i had was not stellar at all .
i should have stuck to a sandwich from here .
when the salad arrived , the dressing was missing .
not like the chicken tenders at most other restaurants .
probably won't order from here again .
the sandwiches are dry and lacking in flavor .
the wait is also ridiculous .
staff was rude and disrespectful .
do not order any fried food from this place .
it was overcooked and had a burnt taste .
she seems frustrated by it .
she tried one then spit it back out .
that just made things awkward for us .
i guess she was disappointed in my order .
she left again for an extended period of time .
she brought no tea or water .
that was effective in making me leave promptly .
don't want to know who is cooking your food !
no acknowledgement of received request .
extremely bad attitude and very obnoxious .
the food here is also not that great .
can definitely get better authentic chinese food elsewhere .
they have such poor service .
the old guy is very rude .
worst restaurant i've ever been to !
i don't know how our server has a job .
worst service i have ever seen in my life .
avoid this place at all cost !
very poor dining service .
overall decision : not worth returning to again .
that said , service by the lady was terrible .
10/10 won't eat here again .
love the food but this branch is a mess .
it was handed to me like that !
the main problem is not enough sauce .
, this was a total let down .
the service is always slow .
nope , it was so bland .
there was no " shawarma " to my wrap .
for a lunch special , it was quite expensive .
and the french fries on the salad were cold .
decent but terribly inconsistent food .
the sauces were really thin and tasted weird .
i shall not go there again .
i won't be back .
i won't press my luck by going back .
selection is very limited and the taste is bland .
will not order from here again .
the chicken curry was good .
this will leave a bad taste in your mouth .
i would not go there again .
very disappointed with their food .
i am never ordering from this place again .
i chose the chicken tikka .
worse food , uncooked chicken , too much oil .
the pizza is weird , and incredibly greasy .
the tomato sauce is too sweet .
this place is a disappointment .
i will avoid this place going forward .
i had a very poor experience saturday night .
not much was done to right the wrong .
he has n't been there in over a year .
i ordered the roasted duck and the egg rolls .
the buffet here is incredibly lacking .
food choices are very limited .
was expecting more for a chinese buffet .
i will not be returning .
not really a large selection .
food is not bad but not very flavorful .
rip , pgh cafe .
in fact i hate it .
i wouldn't pick it for an every day meal .
horrible customer service all around .
this mcdonald 's is so dirty .
most incompetent pharmacy i have ever been to .
the pharmacy seems to be understaffed .
this store is just , eh .
not because of the customers .
management here doesn't do it properly .
that whole entire situation was completely unnecessary !
don't expect a fantastic dining area either .
i don't care how quick & cheap it is .
inedible general tso chicken .
will not come here again !
the tomato and vegetables like uncooked .
this is unfortunately where the good things end .
the food was awful .
drowned in oil and sauce .
you probably get what you pay for !
the food itself isn't that great .
fried rice leave much to be desired .
i was shocked the orange was bitter and rotten .
the food is cheap for a reason .
don't waste your time .
looked like i could have done them .
s & t is conveniently located in oakland .
my pedi was standard .
not great , not totally awful .
i will not be back .
i ate here for the first time today .
other than that , it was completely unremarkable .
the burrito was bland and not filling .
food was pretty terrible honestly .
i wouldn't go again .
but you specialize in bagels and coffee .
the salsa was not crisp , but mushy .
there 's fast food and there is sloppy food .
the qdoba is sloppy .
how sloppy you ask ?
this was not a good experience .
the food is alright , but service was terrible .
it's more expensive than chipotle !
if i could give a zero , i would .
i spoke to christine h , it director .
their er is even worse !
it was so not .
my complaint is the nursing staff .
nope , instead they didn't get the hint .
not impressed at all .
isn't that your job ?
the cannelloni was good , but nothing special .
the cannelloni was good , but nothing special .
dessert was vanilla gelato .
the tow man was courteous and helpful .
that wasn't the biggest problem .
i couldn't believe it .
could not agree with the other reviews more .
what a waste of time and money !
also , don't come if you're allergic to dogs .
no concern for customers waiting .
she tried it and hated it .
that was not so great .
chicken nachos , fried zucchini slices and waffle fries .
this was absolutely ridiculous !
i won't go back .
the service was incredibly slow .
they can't get any of them right .
she has the absolute worst attitude !
there were numerous empty outside tables available .
do you want to patronize a place like this ?
he tells me he knows nothing about my check .
don't waste your time .
so my friend ate fries for dinner .
another person only ate half of his sandwich .
never will i deal with them again .
you can't ever make a mattress more firm .
the company did not care .
worst mattress i have ever slept on .
soooo not going back to the original mattress factory !
i can not afford that type of loss .
that 's plain price shopping .
what kind of italian market doesn't have fresh basil ?
it took a week to get the dresses back .
i walk in and hand the guy my ticket .
what a ridiculous experience .
dh dropped off some pants for dry cleaning .
for the price this isn't something you can overlook .
second , the process is poorly handled .
no call from the manager .
third , there is no clear resolution .
annoying , but nothing i could do .
just threw it away .
i will never , never go back here .
i can't believe they're still in business .
no other real effort to help .
i will not be returning .
do not use this cleaners !
the area was barely touched .
there is no customer service .
in fact , most employees are down right rude .
avoid if at all possible .
how they get away with it is beyond me .
but the customer service downright sucks !
i am not going to bother checking !
that place is absurd .
very ugly cashiers who are not very helpful .
they are missing tons of price tags .
the worst customer service ever .
he was literally yelling at me !
acted like i was not a paying customer .
maybe it gets better once you get there .
the service was pretty pathetic too .
food just isn't good anymore .
every time , the place never provided great service .
the bubble tea was not really bubble tea either .
it does not taste like tea .
this place is lame !
needless to say we walked out .
just grossed me out .
are n't we suppose to stick together or something ?
i wouldn't recommend their drinks .
they mainly use powder and artificial bs .
i've never been a worse restaurant before .
the service in rose tea cafe is horrible .
didn't offer to seat us somewhere else .
wasn't happy about that kind of service at all .
totally will not go there again .
the woman and the waiters are so rude .
the owner is a terrible person .
last time we went , we were really disappointed .
the meat was overcooked , dry , and chewy .
lastly , the people that work there are rude .
food is nice but service is garbage .
i'm only two miles away .
no , here is what they do .
wtf , rose tea cafe ?
he is just awful .
might not be back .
not curry in any sense .
i'm exaggerating , but i wasn't impressed .
what a huge disappointment it was .
and the night crew isn't much better .
this is consistently the worst giant eagle around .
the pharmacy isn't that friendly either .
so now i'm stuck .
i'm so confused when i shop here .
still , there are problems .
fish is not , i repeat , not fresh .
i agree with the negative reviews .
this place is generally terrible .
the self check out lanes shut down early .
the produce is usually terrible .
i'm not even asking for joyful cashiers .
totally depressing if looking for anything organic .
books were stuffed under table legs to balance tables .
needless to say , i didn't paint here .
this was not the case .
i was truly embarrassed .
this is only part of this issue though .
the biggest problem was when we were checking out .
however , what my mom received was completely different .
i will not use them again .
what a big mistake .
very unprofessional and rude !
jerry himself seems cranky and isn't very friendly .
also , their listening stations don't work anymore .
but -- well here 's the problem .
but don't plan on spending a day here .
i don't see myself coming back .
i absolutely refuse to shop for records here .
the selection is terrible .
try the med grill a few blocks down .
i do not understand the other reviews .
- the entire restaurant was empty .
no one offered to help me in my search .
horrible service and food .
the service is so slow .
they also would have made a better sale .
obviously they don't believe in writing anything down .
and timing is entirely random .
however , that wasn't the big issue .
which makes it ok , i guess .
i won't go there again .
the cheese almost tasted old as well .
i was excited to get pizza here .
this pizza did not meet my expectations .
i decide to go pick it up anyways .
the box was not even warm .
worst chinese food ever .
i totally got sick after eating their take-out .
overly greasy chinese take out .
ugh this just wasn't a good experience at all !
this restaurant totally sucks .
it didn't make sense at all .
we will not be ordering from them again .
the food was way too salty .
i felt sick after eating here .
bad food and bad service .
i left feeling somewhat ripped off and disrespected .
i can cook much better szechuan dish at home .
it was way too thick and upset my stomach .
i then ordered the dumplings .
a long wait later she brought out pork dumplings .
the service was terrible .
we complained and got nowhere .
first off : they screwed up our order .
they also didn't even apologize for the error .
to me this is really just poor service .
there were bones in the sesame chicken takeout .
salt apparently is unheard of .
my hot and sour soup was tasteless and vinegary .
salt apparently is unheard of .
my hot and sour soup was tasteless and vinegary .
definitely do not recommend .
so needless to say i've had better .
i have been disappointed with delivery food lately .
only bright side , chinese food delivery was fast .
and each time it has gotten worse !
the buffalo chicken sauce isn't even buffalo chicken sauce .
, but nothing too special to write home about .
the steak hoagie was also a huge disappointment .
bad : everything else .
not worth the money .
pizza tastes like cardboard .
chicken gyro was dried chicken breast with no flavor .
but i guess enough people do like their food .
overall , i was disappointed .
to my understanding toro should never be tough .
but why shouldn't a sushi place have fresh fish ?
really not that great .
also , it wasn't a " cheap " place .
weird , weird place .
why does fried chicken accompany every meal ?
i mean , come on !
unfortunately , i won't be returning .
the salmon smells weird .
over all , it was a bad dinner experience .
we ordered chicken , beef and salmon teriyaki .
i didn't start to eat it .
nothing special but good by pittsburgh standards .
the service is very slow .
again , nothing really to rave about .
the food came out really slow , too .
unfortunately she proceeded to over cook the belly .
we left extremely disappointed .
also , there is no need to be rude .
the customer service could use a little work though .
why is it so hard ?
the last two times they've provided a dreadful experience .
i wrote it off as a fluke .
dim sum is overly greasy .
no carts with women yelling at you in cantonese .
we also didn't see any chopsticks .
the meat was flavorless and dry .
szechuan dumplings in hot sesame sauce : what ?
we probably won't be back .
worst dumplings i've had in my life .
, red bean buns and on and on .
the price was right but we won't be returning .
came here for dim sum and was not happy .
i am so disappointed and disgusted with them .
skip it unless you must have sushi now !
just three type of dumplings only three !
this place is horrible !
ginger duck was gross and other dishes were bland .
they have seriously gone downhill .
it was okay sashimi but clearly not very fresh .
the food isn't that great .
also the only time i have never finished sushi .
i was very disappointed with their customer service skills .
it's not that hard .
they don't clean up much .
not worth going back for though .
very not inside with an odd odor .
they didn't even know the ages of my children .
so , no more daycare !
many people didn't get their money back .
that 's no big deal .
i'm used to real jersey diners .
the same flavorless sausage gravy for dried out biscuits .
same ol ' canned fruit .
service has always been friendly , if slow .
you surely does not sound like rachel " .
this place just didn't impress me .
the service was just terrible .
this guy is out of business .
not sure why still shows up on yelp places .
another mediocre sushi experience .
the restaurant was small , cash only .
the food was typical diner breakfast food .
i wasn't blown away by anything special .
i was so disappointed in aiello 's .
the pizza tasted like junk .
i couldn't even finish it .
their pizza is not awesome .
the service was terrible .
i am not my mother .
i ate the entire piece but was not pleased .
what i tasted made me stop eating .
the employees not so much .
but don't sell beer .
nothing to write home about at all !
did i mention they use canned mushrooms ?
so we made that brutal mistake of trusting yelp .
but that 's the problem .
( i am not ashamed .
the crab rangoon was obviously frozen .
it was cold inside .
i chose the wrong thing , clearly .
i was not happy .
instead , it was mostly just cream cheese .
there you have it $ 20+ wasted on garbage .
the worst thai food i've had in pittsburgh .
restaurant is noisy when crowded .
the food was a big disappointment .
ordered chicken pad thai and the thai wonton soup .
for the price , was disappointed .
basically , this place is terrible .
i ate here last night .
however , i was sorely disappointed .
secondly , the quality of the food was laughable .
my boyfriend and i went last friday night .
however , the food was sub-par and expensive !
coconut soup was too salty to be edible .
conclusion : avoid avoid avoid .
seating was not a problem .
the meal was just ok.
the appetizers were disappointing .
the beer selection and prices were fine .
to me it didn't look that appealing or exotic .
the bill pretty much topped it off .
if you are vegan , have allergies , etc .
the food was nothing special .
he said it was ok but had better elsewhere .
are you kidding me ?
if it's bad , then run .
this salon is mediocre .
a little too expensive .
almost the worst cut i've ever had .
this is the worst cut ever .
thanks for a horrible cut !
the cut wasn't great , but it wasn't terrible .
i probably won't be back .
whole experience was lackluster .
bacon was hard , dry , and tasteless .
we were really disappointed with our food here .
and dry , not nearly juicy enough .
it's probably worse than it sounds .
i wouldn't remember it even existed .
i'm hardly sad about that .
just ok , could have more flavor .
i will never visit this place again .
we were really disappointed with this restaurant .
everything is just very stale tasting .
should 've gone to outback .
same prices , but better quality .
i won't be back .
cheeseburger sliders : way over done .
salmon burger : all bread crumbs .
you let me down , yelp .
won't be getting pizza from here again .
reminded me of bad high school cafeteria pizza .
i love plain cheese pizza .
boring , nasty , wouldn't go there again .
i don't see what the big deal is .
not really any bright spots here .
i don't see the attraction .
for pizza , its not cheap .
this should not happen .
mineo 's is terrible .
this pizza is not any particular style , i.e .
ny , pan , chicago , etc .
way too greasy for my taste .
the cheese they use isn't so tasty either .
that 's no way to eat a pizza !
just too much cheese .
just not good pizza .
the pizza was tasty , but very messy .
but seriously - it's just ridiculous .
and parking is a disaster !
the sausage was hands down disgusting .
my biggest complaints lie in the sauce and construction .
the sauce was bland and flavorless .
also both pizzas were impossible to eat .
oh how the mighty have fallen .
pizza is nothing special .
canned mushrooms , spinach , and shrimp .
sauce and cheese ordinary .
worst pizza i've ever had !
so soggy and too much sauce .
i hate it when the crust is soggy !
the sauce tasted sour and the crust like cardboard .
not too much but more than i wanted .
it literally just tasted like melted cheese on bread .
sorry mineo 's : i just wasn't impressed .
this place didn't impress me one bit .
not sure i get the hype .
still don't get it .
it was the biggest waste of time ever .
don't waste your time like me .
as i barely wear glasses ever , i declined .
just don't expect a relaxed and thorough exam .
it's not that crazy !
the stench was unbearable .
the owner was extremely rude to us .
this guy is awful .
the service is so slow .
i wanted to give this place a better review .
first i was just ignored .
i'm sorry , what ?
it's your job to serve drinks to complete strangers .
at this point , i'd had enough .
what an absolute disgrace .
shame on you , mario !
unfortunately i do not get my nails done .
the quality of the food itself was extremely disappointing .
this isn't worthy of a second chance .
it's like tiramisu in beer form , people .
but unfortunately for mr. ( or ms. ? )
i ordered the turkey and pesto sandwich .
which was small , expensive , and completely underwhelming .
tonight 's soup was quite tasteless .
my gyro platter was just okay .
don't think i will be back .
atmosphere not what i would consider very clean .
then never came back to collect payment .
it was just dead in there .
just tell me what is going on .
the coffee is mediocre .
the barista , however , was incredibly rude .
i ignored it and ordered an almond mocha .
and btw , your cookies are awful , too .
and i did not get one .
had a god awful chai latte .
still , my overall experience was not entirely satisfactory .
check out another location instead of this one .
uncle sam 's has really gone down hill .
the steak is gray and bland .
rude rude people at counter .
very expensive and just okay subs .
rude and not worth it !
workers are extremely rude !
need better customer service skills .
they smelled and tasted nasty .
i won't be back .
i am trying to post this with no stars .
fell apart within a week .
however , his prices are inconsistent .
this gym is terrible .
i don't normally write reviews .
sometimes there is zero parking available .
huge portions , but i wouldn't say spectacular .
our experience was just plain bad .
what really made matters worse was the waiter .
this place was terrible .
the food was greasy and unremarkable .
not really cake at all .
just wondering if this place is on the decline .
the food was just mediocre .
it had not even been seasoned .
it was just soy mush .
she was mean , and rude .
nothing has been free .
but even so , it spoiled the evening .
the tacos were cold and the dude was sketchy .
i could hardly believe how little meat i had .
also , housekeeping is lacking .
the garbage spilled out all over the floor .
this is your typical average chinese restaurant .
but the subway next door would be better .
i will never spend another dime at this establishment .
when they say spicy , they mean spicy .
the rest of my lunch combination meal was dreadful .
actually the small portion of soup deserves 1/2 star .
my szechuan shrimp and beef was very bland .
it was very unappetizing seeing it in there .
now the worst part .
the rice sucked , btw .
i was still hungry afterwards .
needless to say , i won't be back .
only thing that was ok was the egg roll .
she returned hers as well .
there 's nothing inside the wonton .
worst wonton i have ever eaten .
the info screen says they deliver but they don't .
not nice people and zero customer service !
my party of four had a disappointing dinner experience .
beyond that , the food was not good .
the szechuan chicken was pretty mediocre .
i was sooooo disappointed !
i don't even know where to start .
greasy over cooked shrimp !
i'm over giving this place big praise .
i won't be going back .
no lemon on the plates .
the food was as bland as could be !
appetizer : rare tuna which was sliced too thin .
quality of tuna was ok .
fish was cooked correctly , done but very moist .
lump crab was highlight of dish .
would never return even if it was for free .
to top it off , the service was terrible .
it tastes like a buffet to me .
go elsewhere to eat !
the food ranged from bad to just ok .
it just isn't done this way .
neither of which this place makes on their own .
another sad and depressing effort here in the burgh .
it was edible but nothing to recommend .
this was probably the best thing i ate .
however , easter was a whole new game .
that was just not cool .
fish was good , potatoes were old .
they were brown and dry .
it was barely edible .
the fish was cooked dry and was not hot .
there in lies the problem with this place .
not comfortable for me .
as i said , never again .
can't beat that donut machine for brunch though !
drinks were never refilled after the initial serving .
needless to say , we will not be back .
our visit , however , didn't meet our expectations .
the coconut shrimp with mango salsa were excellent .
grand concourse can never get my service !
i wish i was joking .
i wouldn't return here unfortunately .
but i expect nothing more .
the fish itself tasted old .
okay it is the holidays so we overlooked it .
horrible service for brunch !
my suggestion , go elsewhere .
horrible customer service for such a nice look restaurant .
we gave it another shot but sadly disappointing again !
it was so disappointing !
the dessert couldn't even save it .
long long wait for food .
some food was cold .
one order was wrong .
don't go here at an odd time .
so bland , very oily and horrible taste .
would not come here again for dinner !
the shrimp scampi were soft and " mushy " .
is grand concourse on a downhill slide ?
the crab cake was dry .
eggs were runny , and potatoes were mushy .
i was extremely disappointed in the food .
first off , my lettuce was soggy .
i was not offered a choice of dressings .
the ladies room could have used some attention .
i wouldn't hurry back .
a couple of cheap seats at a pirates game .
my mother 's side of potatoes was ice cold .
caesar salad a little better , romaine was green .
what a waste of such a beautiful facility .
it's gone way downhill !
not much by way of vegetarian or vegan options .
unfortunately they were cold !
it's just not a well laid out buffet .
everything on the buffet was cold .
felt like the staff was hired from mcdonalds .
finally , the service was bad too .
it was really busy on easter sunday .
no apologies , just a smile .
i've stayed here before and not had issues .
called security multiple times , they did nothing .
for the price , it was a big disappointment !
also - this hotel is loud !
stained carpets , stuff sitting out in the hallways .
wifi was horrible as well .
there is not one good thing about this hotel .
for a sheraton this is not the greatest .
especially with so many restaurants surrounding it .
-the walls are paper thin .
i've seen better quality at less reputable brands .
they were not even nice about it .
don't stay here if you need transportation .
friends stayed at the westin and had no problems .
too bad nothing has changed since .
not worth it for the location .
no outlets available to charge anything .
very disappointed in this hotel .
it is a shame this place was not better .
no big deal though .
wish i had n't bothered !
in fact stay elsewhere !
but the combination was just awful .
inept staff and poor service .
will not stay here again .
why they keep coming back i don't know .
don't waste your hard earned money or time .
again , poor , poor customer service .
however they have awful customer service and disrespectful employees .
i ate breakfast and the food was horrible .
the room also smelled like smoke .
no turnover of tables .
maybe instant watered down grits .
this place is disgusting on so many levels .
first of all the music sucks .
convenience is the only plus .
quality and consistency are lacking .
not a good idea .
they didn't call so i could go anywhere else .
they weren't sorry , and we were stuck .
oops i guess they missed it !
the arrangement was so small it was pathetic .
i would definitely recommend going elsewhere for flower arrangements .
wonton soup had undercooked noodles .
cream cheese puffs were just bad !
there were no scallops or lobster meat .
the beef and chicken were of very poor quality .
the sauce was very bland .
it is just ok .
they never gave us any cheese wontons .
the shrimp were hard and tasted old .
the ribs were not edible .
the pizza here is way undercooked .
dump ass me ate some anyway .
i didn't enjoy any of it .
the last thing i ordered was wings .
the food here is not fresh .
can't believe how disrespectful the people here are .
seriously a child runs a lemonade stand better .
but it doesn't end there .
almost like it was fried .
overall , not that good .
bartender was so rude .
i don't get how this bar stays in business .
all around terrible customer service .
i don't think he was very impressed .
they were just barely ok .
wish it could have been more .
it was pretty awful tasting .
all in all the meal was pretty pathetic .
diners in nyc are friendlier .
it was obvious they were completely overwhelmed .
great food , slow service .
sadly not our food .
the food was just plain bad .
the eggs and pancakes were cold .
that sausage was low quality links .
the seating area should be power washed .
very greasy and unorganized .
no such attention here .
this place is just no bueno at all !
i wouldn't send my worst enemy to this hotel .
completely insane and ruined my entire thanksgiving .
visiting pittsburgh for pleasure ?
it was very disappointing .
i wouldn't buy a plate with my own money .
i didn't feel safe to even leave my room .
that 's not customer service .
not worth the money !
the lady that checked me in was extremely rude .
there is a large shower but no bathtub .
our room was not great .
i mean , my money is green isn't it ?
also , wifi is not free .
that 's just insulting .
it was like a stale must .
we stayed here through a groupon deal .
high tea isn't very " high " at all .
do not rent from them at any cost .
then they refused to give us our deposit back .
there is not heat in winter in building .
in terms of location , it was near perfect .
the ugly : absolutely not child friendly .
stay away from these ppl .
again , not the worst thing in the world .
these are not luxury apartments .
it's not worth it .
this place is a total joke .
it can be quite confusing .
if you can avoid living here then do it .
they are not worth the money .
it's noisy because of the construction work being done .
laundry room looks decent .
nothing is provided for you .
carts can not be reserved early .
so i say don't bother with booking a time .
please check this apartment out before signing the lease .
learn from my mistake .
they don't care once you signed the lease .
the only meal that has been enjoyable was breakfast .
salad and pickles were moldy .
burger buns were stale .
wing sauce wasn't right .
server accommodated with more sauce but not great .
no sorry , or would i like something else .
it came out looking like chunky sausage gravy .
the clams were chewy and way over cooked .
two stars is a stretch .
she was neither friendly or accommodating .
the tour was just ok.
by then i was frustrated by the whole experience .
the staff was not friendly !
our seats were really uncomfortable .
what a disappointment all around .
the food was good but nothing special .
waiter was not clear in explaining the fee .
also , portions are much too large .
overall very disappointing experience .
towels were pretty thin and yucky .
coffee in the room was terrible .
not going to be going back .
all in all , a terrible night 's sleep .
i was not impressed with this place whatsoever .
the room was loud .
just all in all wasn't that great .
i would not come back here .
the service was terrible .
- servers not knowledgeable at all about their menu .
i am not a restaurant snob .
mostly i felt bad for the servers .
the whole thing tasted and felt boxed and pre-made .
very poor service for an expensive meal !
was not offered bread , had to ask .
not going back to buca , in any city .
very bad this time .
came back tonight and was just plain horrible .
tonight i went to this location .
tonight was a disaster .
why didn't they bring the salad out first .
i declined because it was an insult .
with too many choices i won't be back .
i don't like the decorations on the wall .
it looks like a spaghetti warehouse .
you could not pay me to go back there .
food was so-so , atmosphere was loud and cramped .
a mess from top to bottom .
we walked in at 8:00 .
um yeah , no .
you lost me right there !
wouldn't go back without the discount .
i think little caesars pizza is better and cheaper .
what kind of italian restaurant does not give bread ?
the service here is slow .
the carpets are old , worn , and dirty .
carpeting is worn , faded , and filthy .
ugh - one of the absolute worst dining experiences .
the pizza was cheesy , saucy , and good .
service was talking forever and was already terrible .
don't bother wasting your time or money going here .
it smelled horrible all around me .
do not eat here .
do not waste your money .
the lobby smelled like sewage .
the chicken was very dry and barely edible .
hoping to find a bite before my next call .
i wish i could give this restaurant zero stars .
it was the worst experience of my life .
bathrooms were a disgrace .
but everything else about this restaurant is gone .
i guess cold is the theme for the meal .
green beans ( cold ) .
i likely will not return to buca .
it was basically like flat bread with cheese .
no real seasoning or flavor whatsoever .
i was very disappointed with every aspect .
buying flowers online for delivery has been so disappointing .
ordering arrangements online is just not cutting it .
my expectations weren't too high to begin with .
i opted for the hot sausage with cheese .
first , the waiter didn't write down our order .
if you do , lower your expectations .
so , i figure its a fluke right ?
are you effing kidding me ?
bad : the parking and the crowd .
thought it was nothing special .
it was surprisingly empty and thus very relaxing .
i'm not big fan of joe 's .
overall , food was decent and service was ok .
drove into pittsburgh really late at night .
just not in michigan .
your utensils are presented in buckets .
but we weren't going for fancy .
it wasn't too spicy for me .
it was just disgusting tasting .
i'm not a fan of joe 's .
horrible experience as i'm typing this .
needless to say we are very disappointed .
but this time i was very disappointed .
i asked for mine with no mussels .
my friends mahi just sucked .
also no happy hour except on tuesday .
didn't have a good experience there last night .
slow service and mediocre food at best .
worst restaurant experience i've had in years .
if i could give place zero stars i would .
stay the hell away !
not allergy friendly at all .
she ordered a simple shrimp salad with no croutons .
each of the six entrees were lukewarm .
the fries were cold .
the shrimp had no old bay seasoning .
popcorn shrimp was void of any flavor whatsoever .
not really worth the price .
i always get the crab daddy feast .
probably just gon na go to red lobster .
it takes a lot to make someone that sick .
i won't be going back .
this restaurant sits inside the sheraton hotel atrium .
pittsburgh rare was kind of unimpressive for the price .
made me wish i liked eating them .
nobody likes him though .
the draft selection was limited to bud 's finest .
slow drink refills , very long time between courses .
we may go back , but i doubt it .
let me start with the very beginning .
after some time , she brought out our drinks .
the server said nothing more and walked away .
unfortunately , it ruins the experience .
horrible in every sense of the word .
i have never been so frustrated .
wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
however , this spot missed the mark .
this restaurant tried to steal my money .
they piss me off every time .
they always gets orders wrong .
food is not fresh and hot .
the staff do not greet customers .
they do not keep the dining room clean .
they gave me a steak calzone .
it was pretty much inedible .
anyway , my first experience was decent .
the second experience was awful .
this is american diner food , i.e .
i prefer to avoid the place .
the bakery and meat selection is very limited .
the front entrance is dirty and smells .
this is a gas station and not a restaurant .
chicken cooked in burnt oil and taste horrible .
my nails could have been shaped better .
i do not recommend this place .
i think that it is rude .
when ordering by phone they quoted the wrong price .
i'd rather drive further to another mcdonalds .
the burger and fries were barely warm .
the service is worse , if that is possible .
i won't be back .
pizza that tastes like pizza .
it was a terrible piece of meat .
i came out smelling like an ash tray .
my advice : skip michael 's !
then , a basket of bread came out .
just like grandma would make .
it was mostly fat and apparently pretty awful .
the sides , however , were pretty good .
this place is awful .
however this place failed .
the steak and fish was over cooked and tasteless .
not mention the bread was stale .
i am so disappointed in michael 's .
no stars from me .
but yelp needs one so there it is .
unfortunately i was not impressed .
the pasta was awful .
i will not be back .
should 've went to whole foods .
and if i could give zero stars i would .
staff was a mess and all over the place .
this dairy queen is horrible .
completely disorganized and not clean .
i won't be going back .
the blizzards and sundaes are not well made .
not many toppings or candy in them .
alway have awful service .
this has to be the worst dq ever .
service is incredibly painfully slow too .
i have been disappointed each time .
most of all , the waitress was terrible .
food was bland and tasteless .
like it was dipped in grease .
horrible service and food .
horrible don't waste your time .
it had no flavor whatsoever .
don't waste your money coming here .
this was such a let down .
don't be sucked in by the relatively low prices .
no , i take that back .
you get far less than you pay for .
that feeling quickly changed to dread .
but sorry , not worth the wait .
it's mediocre ( at best ) food .
stopped in for sunday lunch .
restaurant itself was dirty and greasy .
fries were low quality and tasteless .
i was not disappointed .
it was alright , nothing special .
wait staff walked by us several times .
the food was nothing special .
if they are busy , skip this place .
it was really disappointing .
the atmosphere felt a little traditional and dated .
both the service and food were unimpressive .
they basically just serve dishes that are nothing special .
several servers passed by ; no offer to assist .
there were 1/2 of the tables empty .
i feel terrible for the hostess and wait staff .
my burger was gross .
well , i didn't even feel a buzz .
it has to have been watered down .
anyway i was pretty disappointed .
what a disaster lunch .
this place is not what it once was .
the plate was a mess .
the food that did arrive was pretty mediocre .
the steak sandwiches were tough and dry .
the salads had too much red onion .
overall my meal was just bland .
not bad but not really good .
overall the food was mediocre .
the beer was okay not outstanding .
no oktoberfest or pumpkin beers .
service was pretty bad too .
for the food , anyway .
no one came , and no one came .
this woman was so rude .
dave matthews cover band .
this place is a disappointment .
never experienced this problem before with groupons .
glad i called ahead of time .
menu are now also gone .
beer was good but food was mediocre at best .
not impressed with service .
i won't try again .
didn't have half the beer on the list .
i was very disappointed in my steak last night .
i was so disappointed today !
the braised red cabbage was missing something .
i was so sad .
penn brewery has just gone down hill .
the pretzels were way too salty .
there 's really no reason to come here .
quite loud and the food is mediocre .
or get a better night 's sleep .
the food was cold and bland .
no food was had .
sorry , we don't serve that beer outside .
it was brought out with no explanation .
apparently we just couldn't use it .
pay to cook my food ?
not worth the dough !
the main courses i feel are garbage .
this is overpriced nonsense .
these things do not add up .
wouldn't choose to come here again .
the wait staff was totally rude .
i was not very impressed at all !
the second course was an apple bacon spinach salad .
the third course was a chef choice platter .
don't believe what you read though .
the service was horrible .
i didn't finish eating anything .
needless to say , i was disappointed .
this restaurant is really nothing special .
i said , " please , i'll tip . "
this ain't no sesame inn .
not even the same caliber as chinatown in .
delivery service , however , is beyond terrible !
their customer service also leaves something to be desired .
my hot and sour soup followed shortly behind .
i was beginning to like this place .
it's that mess on the napkin .
so i just left .
it just didn't taste right .
needless to say , we will not be back .
the service was terrible .
it's good food , it's just not anything special .
but , again it's just not special .
was not a happy meal .
not authentic at all .
too greasy , oily and way too sweet .
i was not impressed with the services either .
believe it or not , i like history museums .
little children don't care about reading lots of text .
very disappointed with this .
the biggest problem here is the lighting .
it's simply too bright and it kills the vibe .
they were cold , mushy and tasteless .
i would never get them again .
the pepperoni roll was not that great .
the coleslaw was tasteless .
shame on you , modern cafe !
i donate , i have adopted .
i drop off supplies .
also the staff is very rude .
especially the miserable lady that takes orders .
this was an atrocious response to a pleasant request .
now it just plain stinks .
poker machine gambling hole .
both locations i called had terrible phone service .
no one has ever stood there before . "
it's just unbelievable how rude these people are .
an hour later and still a no show .
i'm not sure who i was talking to .
so i will spend my money elsewhere .
i've never experienced anything like it in my life .
the service is crazy awful .
don't waste a second of your life !
it is so bad it is unreal .
this mcdonald 's really sets the brand standard .
not sure what was wrong .
avoid this location at all costs .
what a terrible disappointment !
the tour itself wasn't bad .
i have come to really not like our zoo .
worst zoo i have been to .
the playground was awful .
this zoo was below average at best .
zoo definitely needs improvements .
the zoo wasn't even busy that day .
pittsburgh zoo , get it together .
they all looked bored or sad or something .
i'm definitely glad i didn't buy a membership here .
the pittsburgh zoo is pretty mediocre .
also , people there were so rude !
left denver for pittsburgh .
where customer service goes to die .
the worst , always and forever .
never using greyhound again .
is there such thing as zero stars here ?
pittsburgh 's greyhound has horrible customer service .
worst bus to travel on ever .
i will never use greyhound again .
the terminal was a state of confusion .
there are hardly any cheap direct flights from pittsburgh .
only positive aspect : free wifi .
he was like but you didnt tell me that .
you handed in your ticket you didnt say anything .
the lines are usually very inefficient and poorly organized .
there 's not structure to the process .
anyways , the buses are very nasty .
pittsburgh has the rudest employees i have ever met .
the drivers are usually a hit or miss .
the wifi doesn't ever work on the buses either .
there wasn't really anyone in line .
things should have gone relatively smoothly .
a lot of time was wasted in this struggle .
i get there and the bus is gone .
however the experience with the management was horrible .
her alone is not worth living here .
really rude and disrespectful !
other locations shouldn't , and we don't . "
it was 6:00 p.m. on a wednesday .
my husband ordered steamed dumplings .
soup was just barely lukewarm & way over salted .
egg roll was greasy , cold & tasteless .
only the hot mustard saved it .
ordered chicken with cashew nuts .
only item that was hot was the complimentary tea .
but this time it wasn't so great .
food was - unfortunately - really not very good .
and i mean tiny , like 1/2 inch size .
sorry , but never again .
i smoke but the place bothered me .
so , why two stars instead of one ?
don't pay good money for this .
do not buy season tickets .
becoming tired of poor treatment by the organization .
are you fucking kidding me ?
what a horrible feeling , to be stranded .
skip calling yellow cab .
worst experience , nearly missed my flight .
called yellow cab only because it was an emergency .
worst company to place any trust in .
an hour and a half later , nothing .
that 's not something unusual at all .
i don't have time for things like this .
just get out of my cab . "
this city needs some competition for this company .
this time i didn't make it .
five minutes passed , and no cab .
it's not that they are running their business well .
but it's really annoying .
wish i could give them no stars !
i'm still waiting for my cab from last night .
absolute worst cab service provider in pittsburgh .
zero stars if that was an option .
are you kidding me ?
i wouldn't recommend yellow cab to my worst enemy .
their service is horrific and unprofessional !
this business is terrible .
she called yellow cab in pittsburgh .
how 's that for utterly insane ?
we booked a cab through taxi magic .
communication fail , delivery fail , customer service fail .
in a word : unacceptable .
this is the absolute worst taxi service ever .
he was wrong because it never showed up .
are you kidding me ?
worst cab service ever !
never seen this bad .
do not use this company if at all possible .
i do not usually write yelp reviews .
the cab never showed up .
yellow cab , shame on you !
it's been two hours and counting .
i wish i could leave negative stars .
ok , no big deal .
not even later in the morning !
i also wish i could give a negative review .
even then i should have known they were horrible .
the taxi never showed up .
feeling stranded in a city sucks .
the city needs a better taxi service !
the staff is incompetent , rude and greedy .
do not call these idiots ever .
i am not even exaggerating .
ugh , this cab service is awful .
this is definitely a horrible horrible horrible company .
i wish i could give zero stars .
avoid at all costs !
yellow cab in pittsburgh is a total joke .
pittsburgh yellow cab is an awful service .
i wish i could give you zero stars .
the cab went to the wrong place .
really negative stars if it was an option .
i missed the train and lost my fare .
they stay at the hotel not picking up anyone .
i guess their employees hate money ?
yo fuck this cab company .
my friend left his wallet in the cab .
no confirmation number given - i asked .
no call , no show .
absolute crap of service .
i do not recommend them once so ever .
thanks a lot you ruined our day .
what , open it ?
do not use this company !
don't waste your time .
needless to say i did not give a tip .
the drivers are rude and the cars are dirty .
this is a terrible car service .
yellow cab is straight up awful .
if i could give zero stars i would .
reserved a cab the night before i needed it .
worst taxi service ever !
horrible place to work .
yellow cab is terrible .
nobody stopped for half an hour .
so i called yc a third time .
this company is horrible and sketchy .
i would even put negative if i could .
too bad zero stars is not an option !
apparently they don't want my money .
the driver did not say two words to us .
i want to like the shadyside market .
unfortunately , most of the time they are closed .
i won't be back .
i miss this store , it was so convenient .
it's closed now , they have several mall locations .
that 's too bad .
but i'm not a big fan .
fairly busy , and has an unfriendly atmosphere .
the can't give a s & % !
worst panera we have ever stopped at .
first grilled cheese was " burnt " on bottom .
manager was nice and gave money back .
new chicken green salad was terrible .
years old but looking worn and little dirty .
why do i keep coming here ?
four outlets for customer use in the whole place ?
everything tasted okay but the prices were beyond ridiculous .
food was downright poor .
skip it and find another .
sushi was small portions at large prices .
spent too much for too little .
to preface , i despise sushi .
going there was not my idea .
obviously , i did not order sushi .
the decor is dated and a bit depressing .
classes were fairly limited at this location .
go to the mills or waterfront instead .
the customer service all in all was terrible .
this is a terrible theater !
i have no idea why i am here again !
they wouldn't honor it .
i will not be back .
one waitress at lunchtime equals extremely slow service .
most likely would not order from here again .
i get regular acrylic fills .
don't waste your time and money .
our server was just rude .
we were both disappointed by the very small servings .
she apologized and cleaned off our table .
i'd give this place zero stars if possible .
i wish i could get my order back .
service was very slow .
the trio was gross .
the bathroom had no toilet paper and was filthy .
waitresses were not friendly at all .
super sweet weak drinks and mediocre food .
the bread was soggy and the tomatoes tasted old .
the salsa and guacamole were less than fresh .
this place was terrible .
i can only imagine the conditions in the kitchen .
went downhill fast , service and food below average .
unfortunately i can't recommend .
it was very loud .
drinks were extremely expensive for what you got .
take your hard earned $ $ elsewhere .
this place is the worst in pittsburgh .
overlooked fish in the tacos , just blah .
no on even looked our way .
the place was empty and i see why .
i won't return here unless forced to .
but yay for yummy pretzel dips ?
i order another martini and wonder why i bothered .
how bad can it be ?
just got a beer taken off bill .
they are rude , slow and simply incompetent .
probably because it's not even managed .
worst dining experience of my life .
if i could give no stars i would .
never experienced anything this rude ever .
this salon is small which usually is a plus .
the service was slow and way over priced .
nice people , but quality is terrible .
the lady rushed my nails .
unfortunate to say the least .
they won't be getting my money again .
once again you guys are wrong .
it was a little ridiculous .
difficult to find a sales associate when needed .
lines are always slow and long .
if i could give zero stars i would .
never purchase a gift card from toys r us !
no value for money !
i did my shopping online for christmas .
the okra was a big disappointment .
simply put , the standards have gone down !
place is dirty and management has given up .
prices are low and should be !
the wait staff are straight from the trailer park .
food is disgusting at best .
the tables were not very clean .
it was stone cold .
spaghetti was way overcooked .
i mean , it tasted awful .
that was a big mistake !
they really do not even deserve one star !
we left & no one saw us leave !
this was bad pork .
it was very poorly pulled .
all fat and grease .
the color was gray and the texture was slimy .
not very helpful at all .
way over priced for sub-par food .
one bite of the sandwich and i was done .
pasta salad was hard .
and the waitress i had want too good .
took over half an hour to get our food .
the restaurant was less than half full .
restrooms were pretty messy .
the beans , again , were sub-par .
very personable staff , but slow .
and finally , they were not very tasty .
disappointed is an understatement .
threw up for 3-4 straight days .
lost business over it too .
the fries were cold .
i miss the old hooters !
i will never ever go to this hooters again .
wings are n't that hard to make !
man was i disappointed !
i ordered fries 5-10 mins within getting my wings .
hahaha , this place is laughable .
it gets old after the 1st bite .
literally , maybe even less .
it was very annoying .
it was just horrible service overall .
i can't believe i even stepped in the doors .
they both just tasted like chicken nuggets .
bread pudding was luke ward and mediocre at best .
stick to the stuff that 's been fried .
won't be back if i can help it .
couldn't find a manager to complain so just left .
the staff here is just lazy .
the fried pickles were heavily battered and super greasy .
both mine and the wife 's were awful .
wife had a pasta dish and was very disappointed .
unfortunately that was not the case .
terrible food and worse service .
i hate that i tried some new chicken dish .
i'm not a fan .
if this is your thing then chow down .
we have been to this location several times .
the food is usually lukewarm at best .
the lunch offerings are limited and sub par .
the sangria is a rip off .
i left a good tip because service was flawless .
this lady was rude and never came by .
may come back may not .
the food was not enjoyable either .
i would not get this sandwich again .
everything on the plate was covered in greasy sauce .
i would recommend maybe another location or another restaurant .
the restaurant seemed nearly empty .
never say no to a customer !
restaurant is not the cleanest .
this chain of red lobster is very unprofessional .
she offered no help and quickly hung up .
should have gone to olive garden .
avoid this red lobster .
avoid this place at all costs .
cheap lobster will do that .
i realized they had tables but no servers yet .
dumb on my part .
stale , old beer smell !
i ordered lobster pizza and lobster bisque .
biscuits were barely room temperature if that .
dumb on my part .
stale , old beer smell !
i ordered lobster pizza and lobster bisque .
this one seems to be very crowded .
hardly any walking room .
didn't even bother shopping .
never going to this location , learn some manners !
needless to say , we couldn't leave .
i would not recommend staying there ever .
i went through it all over again .
why would they know me ?
i am not affiliated with this group !
this is complete bs .
it's just not quite what it use to be .
why don't you serve beer !
you're losing out on so much business !
your starbucks for crying out loud .
on the weekends , forget stopping here for coffee .
no greeting just total given .
mine looked nothing like it showed in the picture .
didn't stop by for a status either .
this is was my first time at this location .
i think it has vegetables , maybe . "
it wasn't that good .
i was really confused how this happened .
they also had a tomato and mozzarella salad .
he simply walked away .
i ordered the french dip with no onions .
i probably shouldn't laugh at that .
the only bright spot was our server .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the food was alright except for my sisters food .
the chicken was terrible .
not worth coming to .
the mash was good , the chicken was better .
i didn't even waste my time spending any money .
we has the absolute rudest server in all history .
ordered a steal and it tasted stale .
the meat on both were over cooked and charred .
the flavor of the sicilian was bad .
worst service of any restaurant .
sorry , next time i'll go to another location .
my second bad experience at a tgi fridays .
i won't be coming back .
my second bad experience at a tgi fridays .
i won't be coming back .
the rating says it all ; " meh " .
not to worry though the app 's were great .
the peppercorn seasoning ordered was non existent .
this steak , however , was just blah .
at this point we were already ready to go .
but the host was horrible !
we will not be back !
we usually have good experiences at texas roadhouse .
however , tonight was just not the case .
i would defiantly choose another restaurant !
well , we were wrong !
these cooks can't cook worth a crap !
the barbecue chicken was dry and grilled .
umm won't be back .
i regret my steak choice .
they didn't do very well on my ribeye .
why is my review so harsh ?
the service was slow .
so it doesn't matter which steak i ordered .
he refuses to discount it more .
i will not go back .
i wouldn't go back .
also , the place was almost dead .
the service is very below par .
the bun does not do this breast justice .
i finally walked out .
twin peaks was much better !
guess i didn't leave a big enough tip .
just a sub par place .
the owners and managers must not eat there .
blonde bartender was obnoxious and rude .
horrible service , horrible service !
we went in and sat down for twenty minutes .
the place wasn't even that crowded .
good food but wait staff is mediocre at best .
wait time was very long .
i walked out without buying anything .
completely different atmosphere than i'm used to .
probably the worst nights sleep i have had .
unfortunately this stay wasn't as pleasurable .
" no " that 's all anyone could say .
so i go down and sure enough .
it would 've been just as good .
terrible experience no customers service .
after this last time yesterday i won't be back .
and that too was a disaster .
very inconvenient and annoying !
after half a taco , i couldn't do it .
place not clean at all !
don't come here if you really enjoy mexican food .
it was never great but it has gotten worse .
food was just bad and overpriced .
tasted like zero effort went into making it .
gave them another try and same thing .
had a terrible experience .
the waitress was not at all friendly .
never came back to check on me .
not a friendly little restaurant in my eyes !
should not recommend this place to anyone .
the container was empty .
it just needs a little attention .
the bathroom was gross .
so glad we left the hampton inn !
one star only because you can't do zero stars .
worst dentist i have ever been to .
you could not pay me to go back !
i had the car towed to carolina car care .
this is where things went badly .
this is where things got really bad .
thing was , i am planning to buy .
i have never been more embarrassed in my life .
cash in full , no trade in .
so this is when things went really wrong .
do not go to this dealership !
it hurts but that 's why they make water !
this is not new york pizza or pasta .
pasta was not edible at all .
very cheap and tacky looking .
slowest bojangles i have ever been to .
everytime i order something there will be problems .
they never seem interested in serving you .
i found a place worse than mom 's .
limited choices and frankly ugly atmosphere .
overall , it's just ok .
there are so many this wrong with this place .
the skate sizes run a shoe size too big .
looks like they have n't vacuumed in months .
was not at all impressed by this place .
prices are reasonable but the music was downright horrible .
this place is poorly managed and has gone downhill .
they would not repair for free !
the worst pedicure ever !
the service is ok at best .
no offer to remake my sundaes .
no hi hello nothing .
red burrito menu is nasty though .
not the best choice .
unfortunately salt does not stick to cold fries .
no response , no return call .
i emailed them on facebook , no response .
no used gear bought in .
much empty floor space .
really don't get it .
wish i could say the same about the store .
if you want my business , stock your store .
i do not like strangers in my personal space .
not much more to say .
costco tire manager refused to do anything further .
my experience with this company has been horrible .
this company gives horrible customer service !
also there 's always a long wait these days .
this er is horrible !
don't expect quality service .
horrible , horrible experience .
( oven , fridge , dishwasher . )
but i can't eat here .
they rest of the food is really terrible .
not really but you see my point .
perhaps i had my hopes up too high .
this is where things get really depressing .
the soups were just blah .
just all in all horrible .
what a waste of time and money .
this place is gross .
weird , but who doesn't like pickles ?
bf ate his salad & whatever soup he had .
that place is nasty too .
the sub itself is pretty awesome .
mistake you can just make it's not ok .
if i could zero stars , i would !
horrible & will never go there again !
i was told no , they are too thin .
again no , " put my s @ !
this is inexcusable and absolutely terrible businesses practices .
i am quite sad that this location closed .
bad decision , caribou corporate !
no values and no line for tax added .
they are so bad with delivery orders .
not even a free we are sorry egg roll .
sad but true , sorry .
terrible food and service and kinda pricy .
worst salsa i have ever tasted .
the meatballs were so dense .
on top of that , they lacked any flavor .
they serve raw vegetables in their soup ?
not the worst place but not the best either .
not to mention bad business practice .
food came out and it wasn't worth the wait !
their salsa is ok but a little bland .
their food is mediocre and so is their service .
additionally , the service was not very good .
i had flautas and they just were not great .
what mexican restaurant doesn't give you chips and salsa ?
fruit bowls were plentiful at the breakfast buffet .
no eggs available at the buffet .
no cookies served on the weekend .
beds were so uncomfortable , very hard .
luggage cart was extremely difficult to steer .
not able to change at this point .
this teeter should be called harris teeter junior .
my husband and i went there for wings .
wish we had n't .
when we got the wings , they were cold !
this is not a deli .
this time i got chicken parm .
it was not chicken parm .
the chicken was not breaded .
the marinara was bland .
i won't be back .
this dick 's used to have excellent customer service .
terrible customer service at this location .
same issues , just piss poor .
same issues , just piss poor .
the other options are just as bad .
the staff is incredibly slow and disinterested .
but not happy with the actually games .
not impressed enough to go back .
chicken burrito should have some chicken in it .
he made no other comment and walked away .
often have to wait to get inside .
will not eat here again .
enchiladas were just ok nothing special .
not sure we would go back .
expect no tip and definitely no smile from me .
its so obvious its rude .
chicken was without any flavor and super chewy .
the salsa tasted like shrimp cocktail sauce .
the chips were stale and greasy .
we will not be back .
did not get the drinks we ordered only water .
it's kind of sad really .
no dressing no nothing .
my order was brought out with the wrong side .
was told this would be fixed , never was !
one whole dollar was taken off our order !
limp , room temperature , gross .
this time it was fried too long .
won't give them another chance .
it just tasted bland to me .
just not my thing .
does anyone know where kathy went ?
this starbucks is the worst i've ever been to .
it was so thick my nails looked fake .
will not go there again .
sanitation of equipment was dismal .
i can not recommend this salon .
maybe better luck next time !
mediocre food , inattentive staff , slow bar service .
waited too damn long .
and the manager was not apologetic about anything .
don't blame the amount of guests in the house .
get more staff and cover the shift accordingly .
oh wait , i forget .
i'm starting to hate that place .
don't drive too far to get there .
one word sums up this place - yuck .
the dumplings are thick and doughy .
staff was super rude at this location .
i can't believe how often this is true .
others are just damn cranky .
the workers here are so rude !
do not go on your lunch break .
the parking lot here is awful .
this place was pretty busy for a weekday .
i'm beginning to get annoyed with target all together .
the service is not quite that good .
the margaritas were horrible as well .
def would not recommend it to anyone .
not a place i'll ever crave a meal from .
not a place i'll ever crave a meal from .
horrible service and nasty little queen at the front .
this is not going to be a good review .
our visit was horrible .
the plate was a mess .
i didn't think factory food could taste that bad .
they said the chicken tacos wasn't an option .
obviously they don't want my business .
the people there are horrible !
the staff is snotty and managers don't care .
don't waist your time or money !
i got a burger was bland and needed seasoning .
i'll review both trips to this terrible location .
food was poorly prepared .
too hot and then other items cold .
i should have worried .
it was pretty bad .
won't be going back .
am i missing something ?
is there a secret menu i don't know about ?
am i visiting at the wrong time ?
i immediately grabbed my purse and stood up .
will never go back though .
it was 6pm and the place was almost empty .
i'm sorry but i didn't know .
the food itself was complete garbage .
overall a pretty negative experience .
i hate this location .
even the manager doesn't care .
i didn't eat but half of it .
also , it was pricey for what you got .
this place isn't that great .
we were so disappointed .
it was barely edible .
again , barely edible , uninspired and boring .
i will not be returning to this location .
that i don't like .
( f $ & # ! )
bread was brought , it was meh .
outback will never be your best meal .
generic , overly salted and way overpriced .
also the blooming onion has lost it's luster .
it's oily and nasty .
the outback needs to be out back .
worst outback i've been to .
the service sucks and there food is not good .
our waitress was promptly attentive .
the hostess staff seemed confused and clueless .
no one spoke to us .
he was annoyed and wanted us out !
just a bad experience and a very rude manager !
so i guess it's ok then , right !
this outback is not worth your time or money .
you'll get a better burger at a sports bar .
food is ok , nothing to go back for .
this place is just sad .
filet mignon was like a hockey puck .
noticed several people were sending steaks back .
don't know how an outback can be this bad .
too many steak houses to choose from .
no apology was offered for the long wait .
what they charge for labor is absolutely ridiculous .
probably won't go back again .
the problem has been after the sale .
i probably should have known better .
the pizza is terrible though .
worse than little caesars .
wow , how pathetic .
flavorless pizza , full of grease & tasteless crust .
i will not shop at this store again .
i discovered i was not given shrimp at all .
hard to believe this restaurant is still open .
i do not recommend this restaurant at all .
well only at their convenience , not the customer .
it was absolutely terrible .
the food was awful .
they didn't take the meal off the bill .
no , we won't come back .
the appetizers are smaller for the same price .
the food is served very bland or overpriced .
not worth the money anymore .
do not get the trout !
they quickly took that plate away .
we returned this month to a totally different experience .
i'm furious and will never return .
why on earth would i return ?
it took me by complete surprise .
otherwise i would have chosen another lunch spot .
both lacking in appearance as well as substance .
the gel is very uneven and i'm super disappointed .
won't be back for another try .
this place is nasty .
his male vet tech is horrible !
we had the worst experience with this place !
i just want to pick up my husband suits .
i won't be back .
and jiffy is no longer a good deal .
way too expensive for the quality .
the staff was friendly though !
i will not be back !
three minutes into the trim , he was done .
no stars for this place .
don't know how she stays in business !
won't be taking any more items to this place .
bottom line , the food was tasteless and terrible .
mine went in the trash .
all the fish was overcooked and dry .
the hush puppies were tough doughy and tasteless .
the fried clams were doughy and limp .
the cajun beans weren't bad though .
its just not my thing .
i'm extremely disappointed that they were not .
worse than marshall 's during christmas .
this old navy was a disaster .
horrible store , understaffed .
this place is a rip off !
it's a shame the service is so bad .
the alfredo sauce was broken .
will not be back .
the server was borderline rude .
expensive for food that taste like nothing .
the shrimps taste cheap .
new location not an improvement .
nothing special , overcooked shrimp and barely there clams .
high prices , bad service .
we were very disappointed with the new location .
the kids menu is no longer printed .
less tv 's ( only noticed one ) .
service was very poor tonight .
this place is so forgettable , it's almost funny .
i think he felt so uncomfortable being there .
if i could choose zero stars i would !
so i shopped around a little bit .
not worth my time .
i would not recommend this to anyone .
don't get me wrong : i get it .
here for a tire repair under road hazard warranty .
won't make the mistake of buying tires here again .
go firestone auto care center instead .
store is just not that busy .
i'm over the days of customer no service .
worst sam 's club ever !
not quite bojangles or kfc !
if that sounds like a nightmare , skip it .
are they kidding me .
not to mention isn't that what they are doing !
horrible , horrible , and horrible .
besides the food the service wasn't good .
the whole experience was very unprofessional .
i would give it zero stars if i could .
this is the worst pizza ever .
their wings are not good either .
buffet nothing to get real excited about .
quiet couldn't even hear here .
gone are the days of employees that care .
i do not recommend .
i have in san diego but not this one .
for that reason alone , i wouldn't ever return .
very dry and tasteless .
just sad and flavorless .
it was terrible , terrible , terrible .
the chicken was fatty with a nasty seasoning .
food wasn't good either .
almost fell in this woman 's food .
nothing to write home about .
everything else was definitely not good .
the fruit was old and actually rotten looking .
management does not seem to care much .
they are a sorry excuse for a business !
take your money and go elsewhere !
it is really a bad experience .
on the services side , expensive and not reliable .
i would stay away from this place .
i called sunday and he never returned my call .
so pretty much my time was wasted .
stop begging for tips it's tacky .
one of the stalls does not lock .
not your friendly local owned business .
the meat was overcooked and that sauce was bland .
that was thai chef over on international drive .
some of the worst thai i've had in charlotte .
same with the fried rice , it lacked flavor .
you will not find it here .
unfortunately we were completely underwhelmed .
pad thai should not be sweet .
i mean , the food just tastes okay .
i ate a few bites and threw it away .
why didn't i contact the restaurant about this ?
not great but good .
guess i was spoiled living in northern va .
the pad thai , not so much .
also , prices were not cheap .
it didn't taste good .
the sauce was too much and too sweet .
this is very mediocre thai food .
don't waste your time .
the pad thai tasted very americanized .
it tasted like sweet and sour .
the pad thai was very much lacking .
the waiters were rude and completely terrible .
worst thai restaurant i have ever been to !
food isn't good enough to exist in its own .
the food has so much msg it's too much .
the staff wasn't that nice either .
buying one thing and getting another ?
so everyone stop patronizing this establishment .
now it's mediocre at best .
it was a terrible experience .
and the food wasn't that good either .
this use to be one of my favorite places .
boy what a disappointment .
the service was very lacking .
the wings are disgusting .
they all tasted like mud .
she stated that we could sit anywhere .
the menu is lame and tacky .
no the food and service sucks !
building is falling apart .
horrible experience with this company .
however , this company is very shady .
if i could give no stars i would .
no heat for four days .
the company wasn't friendly , they were very rude .
the house wasn't ready to be moved in .
i already rented through another company .
plus , i don't like having my name online .
this is my only social media account .
so i can't understand why i was being charged .
not even five minutes later .
he got angry and raised his voice to me .
checked this place out back in the winter .
flavor was ok , but i've tasted better .
this place is my least favorite so far .
our waiter was not very attentive .
heavily battered and fried dry as a bone .
cobb salad : large with lots of iceberg lettuce .
if you're sober and hungry , think twice .
their chicken philly steak made the list .
unfortunately , the sandwich didn't make my list .
at least not a good list .
not good at all .
it just wasn't a pleasant experience .
don't waste your money !
it's also pretty inconsistent .
i can't put my finger on it .
the man serving me was very rude .
which had to be microwaved before served .
and that was only my first experience .
i doubt i will be returning there by choice .
so long as its nothing they actually make .
this place is disgusting .
unfortunately , i left quite disappointed .
not to mention the prices are kind of high .
there goes half my lunch time .
very hit or miss .
horrible treatment at this car wash .
if any thing goes wrong they will not address .
i would give zero stars if i could .
service is not a priority .
they did not seem to care much .
overall , too much grease .
my last experience was probably just that .
another ten minutes later he returned with my meal .
not good at all .
the whole grain belgian waffle was terribly bland .
not really sure why .
tonight was more along the lines of awful .
the crab cakes were eh .
not very impressed , unfortunately .
i visited this place on a friday .
unfortunately , i will not be back .
breakfast potatoes are same as you get anywhere .
that is beyond ridiculous .
after today , i won't be back .
despite this , my last visit was not pleasant .
it was bland as all get out !
the eggs were horrible .
the potatoes were room temperature at best .
overall , the food was a big disappointment .
wishing we had a better easter brunch .
gorgonzola stuffed filet was horrible .
bacon wrapped around it was not cooked .
not an authentic mexican restaurant .
not good or great - fair .
some spices would have been nice .
food is decent , service is mediocre .
don't expect anyone to be too friendly or accommodating .
but it wasn't really worth the hunt .
the burrito though was another utter disappointment .
the beans were al dente - hard .
the chicken was bland and dry .
i've been up all night sick .
i repeat up all night sick !
the burritos were good but not fantastic .
neighborhood parking was hit or miss .
there is no flavor to any of the ingredients .
oh the somewhat talked about queso ?
needless to say , i was full .
i wasn't very impressed with pb .
i've had better burritos .
won't be going there anytime soon .
it should be called rice burrito .
here , i'll save you the time and trouble .
go to qdoba or chipotle for a better burrito .
the cons : the burrito was incredibly bland .
without that , it would 've tasted of nothing .
i was told sour cream was on the burrito .
am i paying extra for the hipster atmosphere here ?
the food has no flavor and was dry .
not impressed at all .
it had way more rice and beans then chicken .
this is definitely not my go-to mexican restaurant .
i was still hungry afterwards .
the grits are just ok too .
it was just very bland !
the food isn't especially good and certainly not memorable .
it borders on bland .
customer service was abysmal .
worst nail salon experience i've ever had .
also absurd , no credit cards accepted .
whatever the reason , i felt ripped off .
the key man building is shady as hell !
they didn't go home wth us .
which pissed us off .
it is definitely not handicapped accessible .
- but the experience was really quite bad .
food was ok but nothing special .
my fiance had the salmon served with spinach .
things started off looking nice .
it wasn't very warm when i got it .
man was this an epic fail .
that is not a solution .
i would definitely not recommend getting this dish .
it was dry and lacking in flavor .
my boyfriend went with the beef tenderloin .
it was nothing to get stoked about .
nothing special that i couldn't have made at home .
this chicken was very garlicky .
don't ever get the seafood risotto .
staff doesn't care if you live or die .
after about three bites i gave up .
the waitress was not nice !
like things have not been cleaned properly .
sad , again because i'm a fan !
this outback needs a total overhaul !
that is a recipe for a failed restaurant !
unfortunately that 's about all that 's been good .
the pico di gallo was weak .
rough day for outback , clearly .
she resolved our very poor experience to my satisfaction .
ok , here goes .
is to blame for hiring the lousy staff .
this doesn't look weird to you ?
better late than never , i guess .
what the hell , dude ?
it was burnt as hell .
which makes no sense .
our waiter austin was inconsistent .
but this location is bad , and poorly managed .
this is probably the worst outback in the country .
will not be returning .
that does not fix cars !
but then i'm into that kind of thing .
he was very apologetic and very professional .
i am still so hungry it hurt !
i found them very dry and a bit bland .
a week later , still no refund was processed .
the entrees are the worse in the city .
please don't waste your money .
steaks are the worse .
their deep fried lobster tail is a joke .
not worth mentioning the rest .
the chef needs to go back to culinary school .
pretty place but food was very disappointing .
one of the worst restaurants on charlotte .
sorry , i disagree .
but the service was horrible .
the waiter was applebees material .
this is poor marketing and bad management .
the cat fish was too spicy .
so , yes , i did have high expectations .
it wasn't worth it .
maybe it's because it's restaurant week .
but that 's not a good excuse .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
the entrees looked more like an appetizers .
the desert was a joke .
the service was terrible .
it would have been helpful to have some suggestions .
unfortunately the mousse was not very good at all .
our party of four was sat upstairs .
it was dry and had little flavor .
the desserts were decent , though not overwhelmingly good .
and , the lamb rib appetizer was all fat .
waitress a bit too much .
felt rushed and it wasn't crowded at all !
i then switched to the pizza buffet .
the food is not good at all .
i chose the creamy chicken .
so i sat down to wait a bit .
after 10-15 minutes it was clear no buffet soon .
very little seating in there .
i won't be back .
totally overpriced and not worth the money !
that was my cue to leave .
this was unfortunately not the case here .
threw the crap out asap !
horrible , horrible customer service .
yet the service is slow .
the strawberries were old and nasty .
needless to say , i threw the fruit out .
however , the store itself is disgusting .
clearly management does not take pride in their work .
i'm really shocked and hurt !
the lady that took my order was extremely rude .
for the price it was not worth it .
i will not be back .
custom lost for life .
considering the place is empty .
the wait staff , could careless about you .
real bad all around .
you can leave it where it is ! "
the whole situation was a shady shake down .
it was a saturday and very busy .
first of all , it's nothing special .
worst customer service ever !
i've spent hundreds of dollars here .
i will not be returning .
the issue was the owner was rude .
wow i was very taken .
i will not be coming back .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
i mean , really ?
and my nails look awful .
she just did a terrible job .
you couldn't pay me to go back .
i would not recommend them to anyone i know .
the chicken was fairly dry and definitely nothing special .
unfortunately , i wasn't very impressed .
additionally , it didn't sit well with my stomach .
not quite sure what all the hype is about .
paying for packets of hot sauce - seriously ?
the only real edible item was the tater rounds .
the chicken was mostly old and cold .
this place is all hype .
there is no flavor and very bland .
man this sandwich was to greasy for me .
had this chicken on more than one occasion .
it was not crunchy .
it was pre cooked fried chicken .
and taste was nothing that would blow you away .
i just don't get it .
if only it tasted that way .
i admit , expectations were high .
they have no seating .
did not live up to the hype .
nothing unusual by any means .
wow not what i was hoping for .
very little meat very greasy .
not even the best fried chicken in charlotte .
no exceptions , even for customers .
which kinda sums up the rest of my experience .
this is overpriced garbage .
threw it all away .
i've had legendary fried chicken in charlotte before .
i didn't like it at all .
we got chicken , fish and shrimp .
the hush puppies were so disappointing .
it's okay but nothing to get excited about .
nothing special as i thought it would be .
the chicken was very salty !
i was greatly disappointed .
i was expecting amazingly flavored chicken fried to perfection .
it was completely void of flavor .
i was severely disappointed in the staff .
i'm so torn about this place .
calling in orders is a joke .
no , you also have to choose your veggies .
everyone was rude aside from the bar tender .
the manager wasn't having it !
no problem , i won't be back !
this is not a fucking strip club .
the worst place ever i have ever been to .
gross place , not attractive girls .
that 's not to say that it's bad pizza .
in a word : greasy .
this isn't fast food , if you ask me .
you don't need to worry about it here .
that doesn't bother me .
this location is terrible .
if it's pizza you want , consider somewhere else .
there 's much better pizza in charlotte .
the mediocre pizza isn't my complaint ( today ) .
it's the terrible incident last night .
i guess i should have called someone else .
no more fuel for me .
won't be going back .
i had never visited this one before .
its reheated pizza and garlic knots .
otherwise , not worth taking the chance again .
also , will not recommend .
he just handed it to me and walked away .
garbage service and poor quality pizza .
not worth going back .
went here for the first time tonight .
went late on saturday night in a word lousy !
the place truly deserves the bad reviews .
the service is poor .
and , the worst part was the service .
pizza dough was too thick .
service was terrible , again .
i felt very uncomfortable through the whole process .
we stopped in for lunch and were disappointed .
i opened my salad and there was rotten lettuce .
i didn't eat the salad .
i will not go back .
it made me sick and i lost my appetite .
i was extremely disappointed .
don't waste your time .
what i don't like is the really poor service .
nothing , just drinks .
i expected more for my money .
short and not so sweet on this one .
not to shabby but do have some complaints .
hence " homemade " i assume .
what a shame too .
i left hungry and annoyed .
why is this local landmark so disappointing .
staff was not very friendly .
this place has really gone downhill .
waitress had no clue about menu .
could not ring drinks in properly .
went for lunch with coworkers .
music in bathroom was too loud .
i will not return and will not recommend .
i'm sad that it wasn't great .
not impressed think i'll stick with beef and bottle !
for the money , i will not return .
i also tried sullivan 's during restaurant week .
it may have even been prepared the day before .
our service wasn't much better .
this was not done at sullivan 's .
we were never brought plates for our appetizers .
sullivan 's is lacking in attention to details .
i recommend you spend your hard earned money elsewhere .
food was delicious , service was awful .
it was too loud for a nice conversation .
tuna - my friend said , incredible !
it went downhill from there .
don't think i'll be going back .
i was completely ignored .
no one said hello .
they apparently come every 10-15 minutes to check .
which in itself can be a nightmare .
there were empty tables with no chairs around them !
the garbage was overflowing onto the counter .
the outside seating wasn't much cleaner .
starbucks should reasonably be embarrassed by this store .
the sense of urgency continues to get worse .
bathroom has n't been cleaned for some time .
just walk in the store and there it is .
it seems to be hit or miss .
worst pharmacy customer service ive ever experienced .
they seem understaffed and miserable because of it .
and the bad attitudes are not very becoming .
since the pharmacy was closed , we went elsewhere .
this is not a nice cvs .
they picked up and immediately hung up the phone .
their pharmacy service has become slow .
employees here can be hit or miss .
are n't they suppose to be helpful ?
they are the worst .
i will not be taking my pictures back there .
yeah , not really my thing .
i like my beer cold .
this place is horrible .
the bench was incredibly uncomfortable .
in my opinion place could sure use a makeover .
this venue has never been a cool venue .
it's a really awkward venue .
i was so frustrated with this hospital .
had a very upsetting experience today .
why are people so rude ?
this place is ghetto and a rip off .
what an expensive mistake i made coming here .
- have had to repeat personal info etc .
i was beginning to wonder .
please consider going elsewhere before delivering here .
the nurses seemed disinterested and barely helpful .
would not recommend her in the future .
did they keep bowling balls in the cabinet ?
regular people not welcome .
don't judge dilworth coffee by this location though !
apparently , neither of which he could do .
" sorry , i can't give you a refund .
dilworth espresso is sadly not dilworth coffee .
however , they do have outdoor seating .
however , the food is just ok .
boy , that was a mistake .
the wait for a table was unpleasant and long .
i hate this place .
are you kidding me ?
very rude and unprofessional business .
the service was horrible unlike the reviews .
if i could give no stars i would .
i'll never try this place - beware !
everything in my box tasted to par .
my charlotte sushi experience was looking on the up !
will not be back .
anyway , on to the food .
not even worth a dollar .
it was like a hockey puck .
is that too much to ask ?
i really wish someone would communicate that .
this was the worst food i've ever had .
if i could give it zero stars i would !
however , friday night i was appalled !
it also smelled musty in there .
wait time : none , which was nice .
nothing was really anticipated of our needs .
drinks have been forgotten .
surely disappointed in the evening .
the waiter brought it out with chicken in it .
no problem , mistakes happen .
my friends and i are never going there again .
there are tons of better sushi place in charlotte .
the music was loud and overbearing for a date .
i drove all the way for nothing .
we walked out and have n't been back since .
chicken wings were well cooked , hot and crisp .
in summary : overpriced and not very good .
service was a bit slow .
overpriced , food is pathetic compared to persian kabobs .
are you kidding me ?
my husband and i had been frequenting kabob grille .
none of the above happened .
these wraps didn't even include a side item .
my last trip here was terrible .
barely any meat , mostly pita and lettuce .
not worth it for the prices that they charge .
but the size of the portion is small .
this seems sketchy to me , kabob grill .
it was just off .
- baklava : 4/5 ; pretty standard .
it ruined the appetizer , imo .
husband ordered the chicken pita wrap .
i won't be back .
i'm really not a fan of this place .
the tables weren't very comfortable either .
however the service is pretty bad .
i will not be back .
i will not be back .
that , in my opinion , is nuts .
also very expensive for not the best .
i am truly offended .
no personalized questions to find her dream dress .
even then neither said a word !
unfortunately mine was very sub par .
gross , i dont understand this place at all .
the service was friendly but slow .
everything tastes like it was frozen and store bought .
my son 's mac n cheese was bland .
just left this place and will not be returning !
just came here for a mother 's day brunch .
once up at the buffet it got worse .
my family and i left shortly after another family .
the limeade was too sweet .
there wasn't any ice cream in that milkshake .
the brunch buffet options were alright .
very poor service and they were not that busy .
a mistake i won't make again .
service was severely lacking this morning .
i am very disappointed in the restaurant owner .
she returned and stated all the bread had egg .
i was really excited to try this charlotte staple .
blown away i was not .
hey , maybe it was an off day .
i will definitely not be going back .
it was not good at all .
it was a horrible way to start my day .
needless to say we will not be going back .
it was just awful .
its gross , old , and ruined furniture .
terrible , won't be going back here .
no thanks i'll pass .
the manager didn't greet us when we came in .
we were incredibly confused by what was happening .
the service is terrible .
our waitress was rude .
if the service was better i would come back .
last night , however , literally gave me nightmares .
we jumped up and walked over to the bar .
it's not our fault , i swear ! "
completely and utterly disappointing .
please don't rip off your customers .
you get zero stars !
his plate was just sad .
my only exception to this rule is with breakfast .
wait was expected for a sunday morning .
noise from the kitchen was overwhelming .
could hardly hear each other .
very disappointed in my meal today .
i got the eggs michael & it was delish .
needless to say , it was a horrible experience !
the crowd here is boring .
nothing really stood out about this place .
wasn't too impressed with the place .
unless it was a rip off ?
why would i go expecting to get screwed ?
thanks sunset club for putting me through hell .
she goes , oh its not a mistake .
my boys are officially done with trying to visit .
no , actually , there was not a way .
am i missing something ?
order took way to long after to receive too .
needless to say i'll never visit this location again !
it was not good .
this facility is absolutely horrible .
they have terrible customer service .
their staff was very rude and cold towards me .
it should be zero stars .
this place is the worst customer service is horrible .
a bit of a dump , somewhat trashy scene .
this was the worst mistake ever !
both of these responses were unacceptable !
the food was pretty bland .
fries were ok , nothing special .
the food was pretty bland .
fries were ok , nothing special .
stop wasting your time .
the bakery is no good either .
as for the food , it's just ok .
brixx doesn't fit the bill .
they specialize in thin crust pizzas .
there are better pizza places in charlotte .
c'mon cheese and sauce is what makes pizza !
hawaiian pizza , was eh ok .
this is not good pizza .
we also were greeted very quickly .
the chicken was very dry , and lacked flavor .
the bread was also dry .
salad was not good .
i would not recommend anything other than the pizza .
go to lulu 's off central instead .
it's sad when a florist just doesn't care anymore .
there were barely any flowers in it at all .
one of the flowers died almost immediately .
will not use this florist again .
pool , expensive video games , air hockey ) .
service - friendly , confused , helpful .
so i chose the booze .
bad beer , always slow and old games .
not my experience at all .
food is not standard quality and service is awful .
he said ok , i'll figure it out .
i can not support a place so unprofessional .
it's spaghetti and you're an italian restaurant .
actually , maybe not .
so i assumed they couldn't split the linguine order .
don't know if we'll go back .
thought the shrimp and scallops were too salty .
bad , bad , bad !
food was bad , waiter was bad .
i report , you decide .
carrabba 's just flat out sucks .
not so much anymore .
food and service both not good .
this restaurant can not handle large groups for lunch .
come on people , shouldn't i get bread ?
he just said ok sorry and that was it .
steve needs some customer service training !
twice i had to send my food back .
the worst restaurant we have been to in charlotte .
do not waste your time or money .
our service was slow .
the food was awful .
it was bland and the chicken looked questionable .
none of them smile .
miserable bunch of people .
this was a mistake .
the unhappy wait staff .
won't be going back again .
the pizza oven is still broken .
service here on a saturday was awful !
the food was fine but the service was awful .
we will not be going back .
all he could comp me was some more alfredo .
save your money and try a local italian spot .
but free wasn't good enough .
i should have been paid to eat this garbage .
horrible food and horrible service .
the food was stale , not fresh .
she had a cinnamon roll : dry and stale .
not an epic fail , mind you .
i got a chicken salad salad .
salad didn't really taste like much .
yeah , i won't be back .
unfortunately my past two visits have been very disappointing .
i couldn't even finish my chicken " gumbo . "
the turkey sandwich filled me up , at least .
their chicken always tastes dry .
and they were not even filling .
rude management and horrible service .
can you give me utensils and napkins to go ?
a week later , still no call .
with these people , everything was a mess .
will not be returning .
i will not be returning .
it didn't look like it had even been vacuumed .
all in all , it was just okay .
they don't deserve it .
no need for them to rush .
your service is getting worse each time i come .
unfortunately , they just seem to be getting worse .
long 's just wasn't capable of treating his condition .
is that too much to ask ?
do not make the mistake of boarding here .
avoid this business at all costs .
won't be going back .
they were very busy , but extremely caring .
i was called multiple times with updates .
my advice is think twice before going here !
just let him lay there and die all dirty .
worse mcdonald 's i have ever been to .
this is the slowest one i've ever been too .
it was dripping wet - had n't been dried .
it was booked through priceline .
i said i would .
first they offered us a choice of pick-up trucks .
no , we didn't want that .
would have ben noisy .
i'm sure it's a staffing problem .
i find it rude .
i hate being rushed .
the absolute slowest taco bell in history .
no management , or they don't care .
turn away now if you are considering this place !
and they still did not fix it .
so brian , i'm sorry .
learn from my mistake .
you will save yourself a major headache .
the woman had forgotten i was out there .
i'm a customer just like the others waiting .
the bad : the staff .
they charge mucho dollars for crappy food .
the seafood is always overcooked .
this time , however , was not the same .
the corn salsa was bland and room temperature .
no shrimp in a seafood restaurant ?
it tasted pretty bad .
okay , i'm from san diego .
the fish itself was fine but i received pieces .
cabo 's didn't feel that way .
the good , the bad and the ugly .
not appealing at all .
i was not at all impressed .
queso dip = yuck .
dark black soup is not appealing , lol .
even worse when it's bland .
plus the rice was crunchy and kinda bland .
this place is awful .
it was vinegary and just bad .
not real anxious to go back but who knows .
tried the fish tacos and they weren't really exciting .
ugh , stale chips mixed in w/ fresh chips .
nope , this isn't the real deal .
but , locals rave about this place .
eating it felt like chewing through paper .
the coleslaw was totally boring .
the chips were stale .
the salsa was extremely bland .
not terrible food , but surely nothing spectacular either .
sat , ordered drinks and crab dip .
we saw others seated , fed , and gone .
our mashed potatoes wouldn't even melt the cheese .
the corn salsa and chips were stale .
ok noda , don't let me down again .
oh and the skinny margarita sucks .
our waiter however could have cared less about us .
don't know what all the rave reviews are for .
won't go there again .
and guess what -- she didn't even do that !
i don't think i'll be back .
mind you , half the restaurant is still empty .
why didn't i do it sooner ?
well was i wrong about that .
only if you have low fish tacos standards .
our chips were stale .
my shrimp tacos were really boring .
of course , cabo will charge you considerably more .
trying to fill that void .
the first time we fell in love .
with tangy bbq sauce ?
cabo , i'm just not that into you .
fine , no big deal .
check your tastebuds at the door !
glad to say neither of us became physically ill !
i really , really want to like this place .
both were mediocre , at best .
our beers were very over priced as well .
overall , i will never go back there again .
and i'm sure not paying you extra for atmosphere .
this place really went down hill .
it was pretty crowded but there was no wait .
the fish in both were way overcooked and dry .
they had that store bought flour tortilla smell .
however i was greatly disappointed in the tacos .
beer battered fish tacos had way to much batter .
chicken quesadillas were nothing more than mediocre .
bbq mahi tacos were decent .
now , it's all gone down hill .
every time i've eaten there recently it's terrible .
recently i got the veggie fajitas .
it was so gross .
i didn't finish it .
so last week i went there ( why ?
i have never felt so sick .
chips and pico were served .
they were wrong in all senses of the word .
it had absolutely no flavor .
blackened is supposed to be very flavorful people !
it was decoration , i guess .
tastes like cheap canned beans .
even the beer was a hot mess .
this place was not very good at all .
the shrimp and crab dip , way too creamy .
horrible service , food and poor attitudes !
that was a turn off .
she picked the shrimp out and ate them solo .
, he left his slaw to the trash .
the service has always been awesome though .
i will never step foot in this establishment again .
i was completely disappointed .
secondly , the food was just ok .
i got chicken tacos that were dry and flavorless .
either way , i will not be returning .
however , food was worst .
sadly , we had a really bad experience .
the black beans and rice had no flavor .
that should 've been my first sign .
spent the next two days in bed feeling miserable .
but it totally sucks .
don't ever get the trout taco special .
cabo fish taco has really gone down hill lately .
the service is good the food is crap !
and the chips were completely stale .
and simply nothing special about the food .
got the tuna salad for dinner sunday night .
don't believe the hype .
we hardly ate any of our food .
will not be returning .
the queso was cold and chips were stale .
the only positive was the salsa .
the service was at best mediocre .
i surely would not want my signature on that !
this place has really lost what they once had .
horrendous service and attitude from both waitress and management .
do not recommend to anyone .
the tuna from cabo fish taco really tasted off .
i doubt i'll be back .
how can your salsa be lame ?
it didn't get better .
so so so awful !
i really don't understand people that like this place .
stale , cold chips .
they didn't even try to dress it up .
so bad , so so bad .
not a good start .
requested tuna medium rare , but received overcooked tuna .
rice and beans on the side were flavorless .
the second time was just terrible .
went here for the first time tonight .
have n't been back .
he should not be serving .
they are not " authentic " .
they have very little food made in house .
although my boyfriends tuna burrito is a perfect medium .
so , we had to wait even more .
i've never seen such a horrible waitress before .
also , the salads are horrible .
i got the tuna one and it was gross .
just stick with a margarita and queso .
so so so awful !
i really don't understand people that like this place .
stale , cold chips .
they didn't even try to dress it up .
so bad , so so bad .
i was hungry , but stale .
i can not recommend this place .
fish wasn't cooked all the way through .
server hardly returned to see how we were doing .
possibly assuming it was her tip ?
when should you ever assume though ?
this time i walked in to get a manicure .
customer service regarding this incident was extremely poor .
they definitely are busy , but not my style .
not clean and not particular enough for me.
to top it off , the pedicure was rushed .
the gel manicure i got was applied incorrectly .
it was a waste of money .
still makes no sense though .
never have i ever paid for that .
a week passes , and no call .
no one should have been outside today .
the smell was just as bad .
several cats had no water .
i just don't get this place 's success .
bland food in a bland atmosphere .
i'm with tony c. on this one .
to me , the bbq was greasy and nasty .
believe me , i was paying for it later .
customer service is sub par .
they have a very limited selection .
i woke up this morning wanting cheesecake .
they deserve better love !
dear cannoli , i'll be looking for you elsewhere !
cannoli shells should be light , and somewhat crunchy .
now for the bad .
every nova 's experience is a bland one .
the service is slow , the products mediocre .
the pastries are stale and so extremely bland .
not good at all .
i would definitely never purchase from bland nova again .
very small little place .
i just don't like to see stuff like that .
this was the worst experience ever .
i will no go there again .
nothing special , and it's cash only .
they treated his symptoms and respected my budget .
the staff here is pretty inconsistent .
it sounds bad , but we still go here .
it just kept getting worse and worse .
thursday night she started acting like she did monday .
didn't seem to be worried about mia 's condition .
but before i brought her in she was healthy .
yes , still dealing with this awful place !
they don't return phone calls and are very rude !
terrible communication and forget about the customer service .
very disappointed with this vet center .
do not bring your pet to this facility .
this place is going down hill fast .
they placed an iv and gave fluids .
needless to say i won't visit again .
if i could give a zero , i would .
my dog died there .
one star is too much for them !
fast forward and my car is towed there .
no calls this weekend .
now the car won't be done until wednesday .
i'm not quite sure what the fuss is about .
there 's stuff everywhere and it's completely overwhelming .
the music was not laid-back , more like aggressive .
seems like people get pretty comfortable .
downside : not for me .
cool place but slow .
my sandwich was nothing out of the ordinary .
nothing like trying new stuff !
both times i was incredibly disappointed .
terribly rude to her .
for my return trip , it was worse .
needless to say , they never called back .
on the departure day , no one showed up .
i was very worried so i called them .
as a result , i missed my international flight .
but this company failed completely !
this is the worst cab service in charlotte nc .
don't use this unprofessional service .
what an a hole .
i didn't enjoy the experience .
he is so unfriendly and rude .
there 's no ambiance to it whatsoever .
this isn't one of them .
all in all i was pretty disappointed .
but the theatre is horrible !
then she poured just a splash of cranberry .
uh , i was wrong .
it was very disappointing for seven dollars .
isn't that an illegal practice ?
if not , it should be .
not their fault , right ?
it does not work very well .
waste of money due to the seats .
really feel like we got cheated .
i'm giving the two stars to the performance only .
parking is a nightmare as well .
otherwise , it is just a nightmare .
ruined my first musical experience .
i will never attend another at this awful venue .
seats are so uncomfortable .
total dive if your looking for that .
first negative review i have written .
can i get the contact info for your boss .
obviously will not be going back .
anyway , i wouldn't go if i was you !
it is , however , rather inexpensive .
deviled eggs that are to die for !
after several such unpleasant experiences , i've given up .
it's too bad to see a business so disorganized .
dish was a big disappointment .
the place was almost full when we visited .
it sucks , i used to love this place .
i have no idea why it took so long .
the food was horrible .
i hardly ate any of it .
will i give dish another chance ?
and the bartender served me promptly .
very , very small serving of soup .
we both ordered the salmon patties .
not so this evening .
but next time better be hella yummy !
needless to say i did not eat the food .
i wasn't very impressed with this place .
myself and three friends visited for lunch .
absolutely a horrible experience .
mac and cheese was as generic as possible .
overall , pretty disappointing .
i was very disappointed with my burger .
it lacked any type of flavor .
however , kevin really enjoyed his chicken & dumplings .
i mean real simple .
how can sliced fruit be bad ?
why is my fruit warm ?
but our server was pretty much a disaster .
that happens , and we weren't too concerned .
mediocre food , lousy service .
won't be going back .
also did not have any flavor .
it was not pleasing to the eye or palate .
both times they failed .
when we saw the menu we were excited .
i just remember it was so gross .
we were so disappointed .
i just wasn't feeling it .
the food was bland and cold .
this was not our first time eating here .
she wasn't sure so i called the waitress over .
needless to say she lost more than two customers .
wasn't horrible but wasn't great .
much better food in charlotte for the price .
service is ok , only if u know spanish .
don't pay extra for the reserved balcony seats .
this place is a wreck and a fire hazard .
the men 's bathroom reeked of urine .
the current management doesn't get it .
the acoustics in the new space are awful .
don't waste money on tickets for a good band .
but my initial walk in was horrid experience .
they have absolutely no respect for your money .
they would not refund me for the visit .
i wouldn't recommend this place , ever .
upon entering the office , i never felt welcomed .
i found this very offensive and unprofessional .
my first visit was equally unpleasant .
absolutely the worst service i've ever seen .
scam and neglected my pet .
this place is terrible .
scheduled for pickup and delivery to airport .
cab driver never showed up .
the music played is terrible .
the roof leaks bad .
i don't even see how this building passed inspection .
unfortunately i'm stuck here until my contract ends .
and frankly , it's not as good .
drinks were also quickly refilled .
side of canned green beans , really canned ?
and mac and cheese was okay .
it was just ok .
the food just didn't do it for me .
i was disappointed with both .
the burger was overcooked and tasteless .
i just wasn't thrilled .
maybe i hyped it up too much .
husband ordered the chili dog and he was underwhelmed .
not my cup of tea .
i tried the nachos , they weren't terrible .
no way do i go back .
the burger was dry , as was the bun .
unfortunately ordered in one trip .
am i missing something ?
won't be back for a long time .
these folks need proper training .
the cup itself was marginal .
trendy , but coffee leaves something to be desired .
don't bother going here .
dirty does not equal vintage .
the guy in there is always rude .
the guy that works there is so rude !
and the steak sandwich i had was downright crappy .
i was very very angry .
the food isn't worth the trouble .
i've had it before and it isn't that great !
i was not impressed .
the service , except for one waiter , sucked .
i will not be back .
the food was bland , everything needed salt .
it is not worth it .
don't waste your time .
i even grew up on the east side !
not to overly impressed with any of it .
the wait staff here lacks that .
so apparently this isn't the one it was anymore .
i will never waste my time coming here again !
the penguin is not what it used to be .
worse yet , no hush puppies !
we will not be going back .
a sad , sad , sad experience .
i had the chicken tenders basket instead .
it seriously tasted just like burger king tenders .
how far the mighty has fallen !
the names on the menus are ridiculous .
fried pickles were standard but good .
and turn the lights down .
now , not so much .
what the hell happened ?
there were only three other tables with people .
unfortunately that is not true .
there are so many better burger joints in town .
visit the diamond for the penguin goodies now .
writing this review breaks my heart .
this time however was a big disappointment .
fried to die for .
don't be fooled , this place is nothing special !
had a bbq sand and was nothing but disappointed .
sadly , a shadow of its former self .
the " new " penguin is neither .
egg , mozzarella cheese & mayo .
i'll get there , don't you worry .
good thing i like onions i guess .
she didn't even mix it up or anything .
this place is sure to disappoint .
the sandwich wasn't even on the menu anymore .
very disappointed in this restaurant .
unfortunately , the food fell short of mediocre .
our food showed up cold and was not good .
i unfortunately understand why .
the whole restaurant was dark and empty .
i walked in no one greeted me .
i make better fried pickles at home .
it was a rip off .
spend less on a better burger elsewhere !
poor penguin , my how the mighty have fallen .
ok , so it was 9:30 on a monday .
no food and only two other customers .
we finally left with no service whatsoever .
otherwise , don't waste your time .
she was nice , but the food is horrible .
with patties that bad , toppings don't matter .
the coleslaw was not good .
overall service bad , restaurant empty .
sub fried pickles for your side of fries ?
burger cooked anything but medium well ?
not sure what all the hype is about .
the service was efficient - no complaints .
no special tasty to any of it .
first impressions were not good to start with .
it was gross and very disappointing .
the invoice was not comped either .
drinks were not refilled timely .
we didn't even get to try the fried pickles .
what the hell has this place become ?
well i was very disappointed with our visit here .
going to the penguin will just leave you disappointed .
it couldn't be in a more perfect neighborhood .
it just isn't good anymore .
the food isn't as good .
first time here & it was horrible .
service was the worse i've ever experienced .
turns out they didn't even start making them .
as bad as food gets .
they were soggy and very salty , absolutely horrible .
what a disappointing lunch !
none of the items were particularly good .
i didn't even care to finish any item ordered .
it's not the same place .
want the classic penguin ?
took forever and was not worth waiting for .
the bread was stale and the chicken was cold .
unfortunately , some of the food was not .
my fries were cold !
on the positive note , the food was cheap .
another 15-20 minutes pass and we still can't pay .
the waitress was slow and dumb .
seriously , this restaurant needs to start over .
the service was the worse i have ever experienced .
i was very disappointed with my experience .
mac & cheese was moist and cheesy and acceptable .
cream squash was omg kinda not good .
waitress wasn't too friendly at all .
so far i've been disappointed by most of them .
my girlfriend was disappointed with her spaghetti .
i can't say as the burger was that bad .
everything about this place is average to me .
" won't get fooled again !
service was fast but not overly friendly .
the meat was thin cut and not high quality .
they were chewy , not spicy and dry .
so embarrassed i suggested it for our lunch group .
mediocre , overpriced food .
ok , no problem .
it was 6:30pm after all , dinner rush .
the fries were horrible !
ate there tonight for the first time .
basically all fluff and no substance .
i really , really want to like the diamond .
unfortunately , the diamond can't manage cooking scrambled eggs .
they came out rubbery and overdone both times .
fried chicken was a little greasy and dry .
ma 'm " she completely ignored me .
by this time i really didn't feel like eating .
which is really sad .
but the food is simply disgusting .
i'm not sure there was any onion in there .
skinny , way overcooked patties .
and there was no flavor .
the stale pita broke .
it just stood there standing straight up .
what i really would 've appreciated was fresh chicken .
the chicken i received was cold and tasteless .
a little salt and pepper goes a long way .
i will not be back , ever .
i've been wanting to try the diamond for years .
i probably won't be coming back .
crust was the only part worth eating .
the service has always been slow .
consider traveling here only after being drunk .
just seems not sanitary .
not complicated this late .
so obviously diamond doesn't care about their customers anymore .
the food was disappointing as well .
the veggies were wilted and watery .
i don't care if it's late night or not .
why is zero stars not possible ?
friday night , not terribly busy .
told " i'm not your server , sorry . "
they are either really slow or have an attitude .
the delivered burger was also bland .
not the place for a good burger and fries .
she had to yell out what she wanted .
i definitely won't be going back .
the waitress was friendly and quickly took our order .
i didn't enjoy them at all .
she never even mentioned the fries again .
she just gave us the check .
everything else pretty much was unimpressive .
fries were soggy and soft and bland also .
i couldn't believe it .
wow this place has gone downhill .
i don't have high expectations for a diner .
their backyard is to die for .
he was in a horrible mood .
why would we want a server like that ?
the fries were fresh and hot .
i don't understand this place .
this is a horrible representation of a deli .
five thumbs down for this hole in the wall .
i won't be back .
it is a real shame .
it just seemed like everything was not quite good .
this won't be our go-to .
the employees attitude is so negative .
i ate it and i didn't die .
very disappointed that they don't vacuum .
they may as well not even bother .
i will not take my car here again .
you should really just wash your car yourself .
what a waste of money .
will not be confused back .
the food : just not bueno for me .
not for the food .
count me in , right ?
dairy queen can be so hit & miss .
: / it packs in the people though .
i didn't know the difference .
it's not the lack of seating .
it's not the long lines .
the problem is that the ice cream is soupy .
this is a consistent problem in fall and summer .
recently , i went there with my boyfriend .
it was a total disaster .
cole slaw was flavorless .
not quite sure why the onions rings are famous .
the food was very disappointing !
will not be back .
my experience inside this branch was so-so .
which i knew i had not .
my last interaction at this branch was beyond frustrating .
it wasn't that they could not .
most of the tellers are extremely rude .
i feel like it's too much .
what makes this the worst ?
it was so bad i almost got sick .
this was not expired .
customer service did give me my money back .
really disappointing considering we order from here very often .
yeah , i figured wrong .
where was the bowl ?
sadly , the gyro was mediocre .
the meat had little flavor and was dry .
as it turns out , pretty bad .
like our service , they seemed lackluster , bored .
just don't order the fries .
it was terrible i will never go here again .
i was disappointed to say the least .
but landmark needs to step it up .
french toast some battered and some not .
very disappointed in this place .
maybe it is only good at 3am .
do not go here for gyros .
the bread was stale and cold .
definitely disappointed and will not return .
the stuffed baked potato was served burned and blackened .
the fish sandwich was terrible .
wouldn't eat there again although it wasn't terrible .
worst service i've ever gotten here !
requested cocktail sauce , received barbecue sauce .
shame shame shame , did i say shame ?
we won't be going back .
all this and a waitress with a crappy attitude .
i was so disappointed .
the staff is not as friendly .
two of us ordered the italian trio .
it was cold and tasteless .
i guess the other customers don't count .
that was way back when they were good .
i was not impressed at all .
the buffalo wing sauce was not good at all .
it was very salty with a bad after taste .
no would you like a desert ?
place was crazy busy with the after church crowd .
it just continues to go downhill from there .
empty water glass , and the list goes on .
food was hot , but mediocre at best .
i won't be coming back .
don't accept poor service !
no wait , i bet she didn't eat it .
girl washing the window says they close at 1am .
cooks don't remember what you order .
our server wasn't really friendly at all .
that was the worst omelet i've ever had .
i was very disappointed .
hours of their business are wrong .
ribeye steak sandwich was tasteless .
i didn't waste time on that garbage .
husband had a hot roast beef sandwich .
roast beef was tough .
we had terrible service .
no , greeter lady .
i can't spare any change .
there are just too many stinky smells in here .
i left with an upset stomach .
the vegetables are wilted and look old .
will not be returning .
the food was terrible and burnt .
the building itself is disgusting and filthy .
the windows are covered in a nasty film .
this place needs to be torn down immediately .
so no more cravings for church 's chicken .
craving has been satisfied .
okay every cashier gets my order wrong .
bad news , folks .
the spinach pastry was hard and difficult to eat .
don't waste money and time .
multiple horrible experiences from this location !
i tried this place and i was highly disappointed .
the sandwich however was terrible .
i won't go back .
it's not even up to par .
i had immediately lost my appetite .
absolutely disgusting and clearly is never serviced .
i will not be back .
the service is horrible .
i would pick zero stars if i could .
they didn't even offer to cover my oil change .
don't go here dishonest practices !
but the prices kill it for me .
the buffet is small and bland .
i can't understand how this place remains open .
don't waste your time here .
this place is awful .
nothing else needs to be said .
this place is bad enough to warrant a post .
it's just a horrible spot overall .
do not waste your time or money .
worst chinese buffett i have ever had !
the chilli paste on the table is too oily .
i was very disappointed .
i wish i could give negative stars .
i was so mad and let them know .
so i called the customer care center again .
not even a sorry .
she is rude , unprofessional , disrespectful and incompetent .
my overall experience with this store was horrible .
very slow and inefficient .
not anymore due to our last takeout order .
where 's the garbage ?
okay , this is a hard one .
not nasty but not what i expected .
i was a little skeptical about ordering anything .
the chicken teriyaki isn't bad .
cons : their customer service was weak at best .
never said hello , thank you , etc .
the salad didn't taste very fresh either .
the decor is nothing to write home about .
don't waste your time .
the place has a new greedy owner .
closed & the shopping center has been torn down .
no gel polish , gel top coat ?
hated the whole atmosphere too .
customer service is something this salon definitely lacks !
a plain spicy chicken combo with a pepsi .
don't usually eat fast food .
this is the worst wendy 's in charlotte !
do not give this location your money .
worst wendy 's ever .
employees are always rude , food takes forever .
unbelievable how little the employees care about customers .
it looked pretty but it was too soggy .
this is the worst place .
also the people around there are scum , too .
can't wait to move out .
stay away from these apartments .
i went with a gyro instead .
no big deal my child was in the restroom .
the pizza was soggy and bland .
i won't be back .
so i said ok no problem he got me .
hey keep your ranch !
we chose to leave and won't be back .
pasta ( bolognese ) was very bitter .
wouldn't come back to this location for sure .
it's just a shame that they weren't fresh .
honestly there is no excuse for that .
my food was gross , poorly cooked and soggy .
my biggest issue is : no dressing rooms ?
he was not allowed to even get a drink .
we immediately got thrown out .
i will never be back .
don't be fooled by this places high rating .
you can imagine the horror i felt .
sorry j & s .
there is no volume on the tvs .
there are no windows with views outside .
i would suggest you skip this place .
it was mainly empty despite being a saturday .
the burger was flavorless and dry .
it really was that awful .
sad that i'll have to look for another practitioner .
i've had such a terrible experience .
i would not wish on my worst enemy .
you can not move around during active labor .
i highly suggest you find another practice .
you can not move around during active labor .
she is no longer with the practice .
it's quick and easy and not too expensive .
i couldn't eat it .
the fries were stale and tasted freezer burnt .
the burger was a hot mess and tasted off .
the mother was extremely rude and particular unhelpful .
overall , a totally creepy experience .
valid for the next day only .
this is not a fair business practice .
worst food i have had in a long time .
every part of it was terrible .
two apps and two entrees , all really bad .
do not order any dish with breaded chicken .
rice was good , dumplings were nothing special .
never received the champagne .
the food arrived and was just ok .
but the experience was less than ideal .
but i won't be going back .
the waiter was ok but rarely checked back .
it didn't taste good either .
there must be better italian in charlotte .
this has been a very disappointing experience .
if the food was not so terrible .
mac n cheese tasted processed as well .
i would not recommend this place unfortunately .
however , i've only gone once .
i strongly suggest not going to this practice .
the office staff is incredibly rude and inappropriate .
i am not a fan of this store .
the main reason is the hygiene concerns .
i don't know why many people like it .
guess they don't need my business .
i have bought several of your prepared food items .
they have all been very disappointing .
very disappointed in this place .
went here with high hopes , left disappointed .
turns out , i couldn't have been more wrong .
don't get me wrong .
enter with low expectations and be surprised on occasion .
fyi , our money is green too !
however , he no longer works at this office .
went there for a horrible allergic reaction .
even the nurses were standing around doing nothing .
this place deserves negative stars .
as for our food again there wasn't much better .
the arugula and spinach salad was drenched in oil .
one of my ( tiny -- hello ?
this shouldn't have been hard ! )
charlotte dentistry stood out .
the dentist was rude .
all the work was finished at the pediatric dentist .
i felt really sick .
she did nothing to help me or the situation .
how awful can one place be ?
the store , overall , looks dated .
always rude , employees are lazy .
just awful customer service .
it is so horrible .
bad process and bad employees who lied twice times .
pizza maybe , technology no .
this place is awful .
they ruined my boyfriend 's gorgeous hair .
neither one attempted to communicate with me .
guess they don't want business ?
that was just rude .
some haircuts are great , some are really bad .
i hate the place !
the customer service is horrible .
its a joke big box store blowing smoke .
these owners don't care about any of their customers .
needless to say we will never be back !
do not go to this cleaners !
so frustrating and unbelievable .
you're kidding me , right ?
not my thing , but sports pubs never are .
not my favorite place .
but the service leaves something to be desired .
an irish pub that doesn't serve anything irish ?
thats cause it was all frozen and deep fried .
home of the weak drink .
stick with beer or wine .
i don't know how they keep repeat customers .
really , no clean silverware ?
people are n't very friendly here .
i had a terrible experience here last night .
worst service i've ever received anywhere in my life .
some employees are not friendly at all .
safe to say i will not be back .
i do not recommend this museum .
the icing was disgusting .
we were completely disappointed .
last year , the cake was dry .
for this reason i will not be back .
the worst michael 's in charlotte .
disappointed with the service i received .
instead i was completely underwhelmed .
so-so to gross ingredients , edible but barely .
will not be going back here .
i wish that was all i ordered .
i will only be ordering wings from now on .
the corn bread was just okay .
the squash casserole was okay , but not great .
and , boy was i disappointed .
i also ordered the chicken soft taco and chips .
the taco , i have had better .
the new potatoes and squash casserole were decent .
very bland food , no flavor .
will not be return .
would i try it again ?
probably not , but i can see some potential .
good food but lately poor execution .
food is good but service is terrible .
they are only friendly to customers they know .
i went their recently and was very disappointed .
the food has no taste .
admittedly , i didn't actually order any chicken .
my wife was not acknowledged in any way .
i really , really like wendy 's food .
no asiago cheese , no bacon .
sorry wendy 's ( at least this location ) .
this wendy 's served me raw chicken .
do not eat at this location .
couldn't find it anywhere .
- yes , its cheap .
bacon had a horrible aftertaste .
hashbrowns were barely cooked and weren't crisp at all .
outdated decor but lots of booths .
as for the food , everything was just okay .
the food was not good .
it seems they lack food quality .
it just didn't come close to meeting my expectations .
i ordered the feta cheese omelette and was disappointed .
he looks confused and asks for my ticket .
no apology what so ever .
don't waste your time or money here !
if i could give them zero stars i would .
worst pizza hut delivery experience ever .
not cool , pizza hut .
this one was particularly bad .
first off i didn't pay for my food .
slowest effing place known to man !
are you kidding me ?
however ; my recent visit was a little disappointing .
um , no thanks .
then we added half of sun dried tomatoes .
not what i ordered .
our initial greeting from the gentleman ( owner ?
very little flavor and super bland .
i got ta say , we were disappointed .
however , the pizza itself didn't wow me .
however , tonight 's visit will be our last .
it started the moment we walked in the door .
completely unacceptable in my opinion .
i dont need people to waste my time .
what is wrong with you people .
not to mention the place is a disgusting shop .
after this experience i will never go there again .
it threw me off bangs for a long time !
i would leave zero stars if i could .
the selection for rock climbing gear was very limited .
it is so very very over priced .
not my favorite place .
because the part they got was the wrong one .
, she accommodated my request for the hockey game .
the worst place i've been too !
burnt so called hash browns , burnt french toast .
i don't recommend going for breakfast .
probably one of the worst experiences ever .
asked for english muffin advised they only have toast .
my boyfriend ordered liver mush .
a few tables walked out .
also , their prices are quite expensive .
maybe other associates would be better .
however , that 's where it ends .
it didn't even look like what i had ordered .
the breading was soft and mushy .
it was quite bland .
however , i did like the egg roll .
it puts this one to shame .
the latest is my breaking point .
the rep insisted on pointing it out to me .
the employee there wasn't more helpful .
the parking lot is worse .
in total , just not worth the drama .
staff clearly appeared to not care .
the customer service is dreadful beyond belief .
the potatoes were acceptable i.e properly cooked .
they were not fresh and were just terrible .
i won't be back .
in october , i purchased a groupon .
there was also dank mildew odor by our table .
our server was awful .
she was nice but , sorry , pretty dumb .
so then we ordered our meals .
i couldn't believe it .
no thanks , i like just salt and pepper .
i was very unimpressed with the salad too .
iceberg doesn't do it for me .
would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
service was friendly but lacking .
it wasn't terrible , just okay .
the side dishes were nothing special .
mashed potatoes were bland , asparagus looked wilted .
so , will i go to this restaurant again ?
she deserves to be in a better venue .
prices are too high for what you get .
the main dinning room wasn't even full .
we won't even give them a second chance .
very pricy for a mediocre meal .
service was okay but nothing special .
oysters rockefeller were good but sauted mushrooms were awful .
after a long while we get our meals .
the food was mediocre .
the first time we did not have a reservation .
i had no complaints that night .
fast forward to tonight .
i sure as heck won't be back .
i will not be back .
we really wish we had skipped this one .
it all went down hill after that .
the creamed spinach was runny .
the wait staff didn't seem to care at all .
both not fresh at all and half left .
it's terrible and expensive to boot .
we came on a week day .
not to mention the bottle of wine .
so you don't need plates to share the apps .
i am over ignoring bad service at this place .
plus , the staff was very rude about it .
the sides and salads were bland as well .
but there was nothing cheesy about them .
it just tasted like a hash brown patty .
just as others have said , extremely overpriced !
interior and exterior is outdated and dirty .
ny steak was very bland .
wait staff was friendly however inattentive with water .
if we're a problem that we had children .
i'm very disappointed with the service here !
back patio is a little better than the front .
deserts are all excellent .
have n't had one i didn't like .
kitchen - f - details are posted above .
the food and ambiance we subpar in my opinion .
this is a flat out lie .
boy , was i disappointed .
it looked like a child decorated it .
the people were nice to me , though .
it rubbed off but still very visible !
the pound cake had not taste , either .
really upsetting and embarrassing since it was a gift .
this bakery has horrible customer service and rude employees .
i was spoke to several rude and unhelpful employees .
they were all dry !
unfortunately , they were extremely dry .
you smelled it as soon as you walked in .
and the bartender was not at all friendly .
hopefully they just overlooked it that one night .
if only it had actually been his last night .
so the bar is really , really small .
the bad news is if you want to sing .
the dj guy was not very good .
skipping your songs after you have tipped him .
beyond disappointed with this so called club .
most unimpressive cashiers ever .
some of the worst customer service in charlotte nc .
she couldn't even finish half of it .
don't bother with this place .
why would they do such a thing ?
let 's just throw privacy out the window .
ok , i could live with that .
i had the worst experiences lately there .
i should have walked out then .
the food has always been mediocre .
the service was not even that good .
the service and prices were disappointing !
i will not be going back anytime soon .
no beer specials on saturday night !
the new items are mediocre at best .
definitely had bad tummy the rest of the evening .
not my kind of lunch though .
the goat cheese fritters were very bland .
was very slow last night .
will not go back .
suddenly when it was tip time she was courteous .
the food was not good either .
my fries tasted like fish .
the wrap was awful .
where 's the jacket potato ?
-- not the way to win customers ' hearts .
hostess was awful , but the waitress was nice !
it's dead here and the food was awful .
will not be back .
the waitress could not have been any more rude .
i highly recommend you avoid the place .
used to be my favorite !
not impressed or coming back .
it just seems odd to me .
i wanted to like it but something was off .
rudest bartender and staff i have encountered .
menu wasn't available online only last year 's .
i said they know better and so should you .
no one cared or came .
why , i don't know .
i wish i could give them zero stars .
this put two holes in my brand new skirt .
the predictable result is long waits .
i am very disappointed .
this place has gone downhill .
every time i come here i am disappointed .
i would 've given negative stars if possible .
then tried to sell me a package .
this is where everything went wrong .
needless to say i wont go back .
i did not buy lotion .
however , that 's where the nice ends .
it's like they argued with me about it .
the board of health should close them down .
because mine did seem used .
boy , was i in for a disappointment !
plus horrible customer service .
boy was i wrong .
when i look down , my foot was bleeding !
sub par manicure and pedicure is being nice .
the tips of my nails weren't painted either .
boo to this store , epic fail .
terrible service and attention to detail .
i was the wrong tire .
one sales person made a lame excuse .
no body seem to give a damn about me .
it was over priced and tasteless .
the potato salad was pretty awful also .
just not for me i guess .
unfortunately , i don't agree with their choice .
actually , after that , we threw everything away .
as for the chicken parm , we were underwhelmed .
no distinct flavor , just the standard chicken parm .
the salad , was equally as weak .
it added nothing to the salad .
the breading was light and very bland !
no seasoning at all .
i only ate one piece of pizza .
bad food for the price .
specials suggested by our waiter were really bad .
place and wine was ok .
not exactly wonderful but not bad .
it wasn't worth what we paid though .
the server we had was also very rude .
no " thanks for coming in . "
but the service was atrocious .
worst i've experienced in charlotte .
the garlic bread was covered in it .
no one even acknowledged our table .
needless to say , we got up and left .
then it was sitting out too long .
never again will i go back .
a sure sign of poor quality food !
i doubt she has ever seen an espresso machine .
these folks are a complete unprofessional joke .
nor does first service return phone messages .
my business will be taken elsewhere .
i was busy , so requested another day .
these weren't subtle problems .
but they shipped it out anyway .
buying a couch shouldn't be this difficult .
worst place in this city to get alterations .
worst customer service of my life .
not a wide selection of belly button rings .
- parking leaves much to be desired .
i didn't finish anything .
these guys are not easy to deal with .
worse service in town .
from that point on things just got worse .
bar menu was good , appetizers we only okay .
food is mediocre & drinks are n't strong .
my chicken colorado was burned to a brick .
all of the orders were burned and cold .
they obviously don't care .
do not waste money here .
we finally walked out .
it is not yoga by definition .
my dining companion eats here regularly ( why ? )
the sushi , well , was a huge disappointment .
i doubt i would go back .
the sushi was in general mediocre .
the service on the other hand was sub-par .
the food was barely at par , nothing special .
in all honesty , not real memorable .
again , awkward , but we shrugged it off .
the rice on all the sushi was mushy .
i just tossed my entire order in the trash .
this meal was literally sooo gross .
another thing was the rice , simply disgusting .
and , boy , biggest regret .
i wasn't even able to chew it .
don't waste your time and money !
the worst delivery service ever !
too long of a story , but trust me .
they do not care about you .
do not go with this company .
lots of people working but slow and no help .
i'll buy online instead .
the customer service at this location is pretty bad .
maybe he should find one of those instead .
i never felt so ugly .
went to red rocks cafe on christmas eve .
the dish was lackluster at best .
i'm not sure whether id go back again .
it wasn't terrible but it wasn't wonderful .
no offer for a free appetizer or anything .
service was ok , not stellar .
this place was just ok .
the server we had was horrible .
i had salad and a fillet w/ mashed potatoes .
then my sides got cold .
this was by far the worse .
i was really disappointed in red rocks .
the she crab soup tasted old and salty .
at least our steaks were cooked correctly .
the food had no flavor , just plain .
just ordered take out .
the problem that night was the rude hostess .
no breakfast sausage , grits or quiche .
won't be returning for mother 's day next year .
it is a pretty pricy thai restaurant .
we got the take out pad see ew tonight .
this was a very loose and spicy clear sauce .
the spring rolls were plain but fine .
i couldn't believe how spicy it was !
the soup was clear broth of chicken with rice .
again no heat at all .
this place is not for you .
i won't be back .
the noodle soup was bland taste .
the vegetable they used in the noodles were cheap .
bunch of cheap onions and baby corn .
my less than warm welcome left a bad taste .
the service is lacking n here 's why !
overpriced tasteless fake thai food .
service wasn't great either .
shrimp dishes were overcooked and chewy .
not enough properly cooked vegetables in soup and/or entrees .
this place is terrible !
if you are looking to sell , go elsewhere !
i did not pay until going through each piece .
don't waste your money here .
elizabeth screwed up my cut and color .
very unprofessional yet expensive salon !
for starters , my chair didn't work at all !
my last purchase at belk was an expensive bra .
i felt ill so left after that purchase .
not even the courtesy of a reply .
i have visited this belk on several occasions .
this weekend i had a rather odd experience .
the white customer did not have to ask .
i would suggest you pass on this one .
what 's the worst that can happen ?
this was purchased at a showroom in los angeles .
that was not good customer service !
i felt very uncomfortable and rushed the entire time .
not a real chick-fil-a .
and it was wrong !
i would not recommend this shop .
they are not professional !
i wish i can give them no star .
worst customer service ever .
their customer service is the worst .
stay away stay away from this place .
the nice girl at the counter took my name .
most lazy starbucks employee i've ever encountered .
this is the most terrible place to get coffee .
don't get alterations done once you purchase the suit !
the incompetence and lack of professionalism was astounding !
but believe me , they are .
so does harris teeter .
please bring back curry chicken salad .
buyer beware , worst return policy ever .
regular avoid this location , you will be disappointed .
it's expensive , for one .
by far the worst professional setting ever .
i felt totally uncomfortable with the whole situation here .
i wish no stars was an option .
what a terrible experience i have had here .
and my order is wrong !
and horrible parking lot to enter and leave !
now they have lost my business completely .
i would not eat here again .
wish i could give this less than one star .
awful service , workers are rude and careless .
disappointed that bojangles has gone so downhill .
not that i had high expectations for mall food .
my husband wasn't very happy with his pizza .
this was my second visit .
but the food just isn't memorable for me .
i won't be back .
and , unfortunately , there were no descriptions .
unfortunately , it wasn't .
atmosphere is a big deal for me .
my last visit - lunchtime - really disappointed me .
avoid at all costs !
the waiter was very unhelpful .
the customer service wasn't very great to begin with .
pork fried rice - it was blah !
there was no flavor to the rice but oil .
general tso chicken - it was blah too !
unfortunately i was highly disappointed .
best chinese , no .
very old and stale feeling .
this place isn't what it use to be .
rudest , most disrespectful server i've ever had .
he should not be working with the public .
i'm sorry to say we will not be back .
food doesn't match the restaurant 's look and atmosphere .
wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for good chinese .
ordered delivery and it was not good .
chicken noodle soup tasted like water .
the customer service in this place is horrible .
no more profit from us .
ordered takeout , no big deal .
it makes me sad to post this review .
the fried rice hardly tastes fried .
it is like white rice with veggies mixed in .
so , i decided to check them out again .
however , the soup , blah again .
i am not a big fan of this restaurant .
immediately , i'm turned off .
i will not be returning .
secondly , she was unreasonable rude .
this nordstrom has the worst customer service ever !
the store manager at this location is very rude .
it might be a bit expensive for you though .
i can't even make this shit up .
got charged for water .
will not order from this place again .
on the february statement , everything was screwed up !
i am completely frustrated with this company !
not a good breakfast choice .
today something is off at phil 's deli .
but this is butter for crying out loud .
that 's like charging for ketchup packs .
the wine by the glass menu was very limited .
no shrimp , no squash .
we were not impressed at all with the food .
the complimentary bean dip was ok .
the wait staff was not great either .
the mozzarella cheese was flavorless .
i would not recommend this place .
it's very pricey for very little portions .
she was as attentive as she could be .
we really were quite disappointed with the food .
we were very disappointed in this restaurant .
it tasted more like burnt brown sauce than marsala .
our hostess was terribly rude and confused .
one really can't complain .
he kept our waters full .
yelp reviewers really threw me off on this one .
are you kidding me ?
but we're not those people .
we said no , thank you .
my fiance didn't care for her dish either .
well , i was wrong .
thumbs down on this place .
it was a horrible experience i hate that place .
i think this is wrong .
i do not recommend .
it was all mush and no banana .
it tasted like cheap hot fudge .
so my fianc drove to the south blvd location .
the decor was awful !
i could not wait to leave .
i left and will not go back .
never received follow up call or appt .
not a well run business in my opinion .
office staff are completely incompetent .
also , come an hour late for your appointment .
and its so wrong .
she never diagnosed a problem .
avoid at all costs .
i have never heard that in my life !
it wouldn't open at all .
they didn't greet me or my sister .
they probably saw the same sign & left .
she didn't even apologize .
the french do not eat this crap .
if the flounder is good , why ruin it ?
needless to say , we paid and left .
i'm very disappointed with this selection .
crap on your groupon customers .
however , the experience overall has been negative .
the manager ( ? )
very over rated restaurant .
the waiter was a heavy smoker and smelt bad .
customer service was lacking due to rude staff .
we felt rushed towards the end .
the ambiance is okay , not exceptional either .
there are better restaurants in the area .
the food was average and nothing special .
very boring , nothing interesting .
the service was disappointing at best .
the place was dead .
that should have been our first warning sign .
when the food came , it all got worse .
flavorless and over cooked .
it's a shame you ruined our decent dinner experience .
probably will not return .
never seen anything like it .
i got no answers to my concerns .
but i would avoid this practice at al costs .
seems unethical and completely wrong to me !
but i wasn't very excited about buying much .
worst wendy 's i been to .
i won't be back .
the place is consistently slow .
just a mistake that could of happened anywhere .
one of the staff was rude beyond words .
they are very rude , unsanitary , and slow .
by far the worst customer service i've ever experienced .
it was absolutely ridiculous .
he then responded he wouldn't continue until i pay .
needless to say , this place sucks .
not to mention she didn't paint my whole nail .
needless to say i won't be going back .
i have officially washed my hands of them .
worse nail experience ever !
my toes have nail polish all over my skin .
" nothing , " i replied .
i immediately drove down university city blvd .
and she just kept yelling until i walked out .
uh , no thanks !
however this location isn't too good .
first , the road leading to it is horrible .
finally , the breakfast was just not very good .
the place is entirely too small .
the place does not look well kept .
the orders were put in wrong .
i ordered filet mignon and chicken combo .
had the worst service ever there .
i really don't think the waitress spoke english .
like it made no sense !
i tried the sliders and i'm over it now .
the b & m of this store is fine .
just a blank unfriendly stare .
very , very , dry falafel .
there was barely any actual green coloring to it .
later that night , i got really sick .
it was food poisoning , no doubt .
i ordered the cheeseburger pizza .
i will not be shopping there again .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
doesn't have a return policy .
i bought a hookah and it sucked .
would i return maybe as a last resort .
and miso soup was incredibly watered down .
could find better japanese in the area .
i probably should have kept driving .
it was just meh .
meh , meh , meh .
she completely ignored me .
the people by the door were already waited on .
i turned and walked out without getting my dinner .
i will simply never patronize your establishment again .
sometimes fresh , sometimes stale .
little caesar 's : eat stale .
and he was yelling at me too .
you should check your reviews on google .
and i'm sorry but you didn't pack the box .
the caesar salad was pretty average , too .
i'm not sure what they were doing there .
much less charge them extra .
steak was undercooked and so was chicken .
mashed potatoes were crusty ?
she never came back and she wasn't busy .
completely over fried , hard , and dry .
atmosphere was lame and so were the servers .
it's because it wasn't prepared fresh .
and the nachos were a disgrace .
very sparse to say the least .
service was so poor that we never went back .
then nothing , absolutely nothing .
this did not make me happy .
it was not clear to me that day .
he didn't bother sending back .
we had a very poor server .
we will not be back .
the manager walked by didn't even stop .
service was fine , food was not .
hostess barely even spoke to us .
this has been typical lately at this location .
the bean were mush .
we know we can get better chips elsewhere .
tonight 's visit was a nightmare .
it was just bad .
they were not good .
the service was pretty lame too .
it was not pretty , but tasted ok .
this place is a very mediocre mexican restaurant .
the service is horrible .
not to mention the food .
the chile relleno has no pepper .
grilled chicken - dry and flavorless .
tortillas used for enchiladas thick and rubbery .
quesadilla - a running cheesy mess .
service was extremely disappointing .
the chicken in my burrito wasn't seasoned very much .
it wasn't bad , it just needed some spices .
customer service was so bad .
she clearly didn't know what she was talking about .
the service was quick , but not friendly .
this place is a hot mess !
didn't eat , won't come again .
i don't really disagree , i don't agree either .
so it's not saying much .
decor is incredibly outdated , no wifi .
also , this place is so over priced .
will not go back .
ordered just a philly chicken cheese steak .
chicken had some weird spices in it .
online check-in takes priority over walk-ins .
dim sum is not good at all .
this restaurant is better than dim sum on central .
that is not really saying much .
the dishes seem frozen and not fresh .
the dim sum was bland and not much variety .
however , they are not .
seriously , dragon court , wtf ?
there is zero excuse for this crap .
consider this review the first two strikes though .
what a horrible experience .
it was truly a disappointment .
we visited yesterday and were extremely disappointed .
i finished this review at a different mcdonald 's .
whatever the case , i will not be back .
i'm not to sure , about this one .
its home depot , you've been there .
i said , it says i need assistance .
she didn't even say she was sorry .
they are n't very helpful here .
attempted to get key made .
i will never visit this university location again .
went back the second time to get it done .
i didn't like the atmosphere .
this place was very , very , disappointing .
i left very disappointed .
the restaurant was not very busy .
the waitress let me know i could sit anywhere .
for the sides i choose baked beans and hushpuppies .
it was lukewarm and very bland tasting .
there was no smoke flavor at all .
i tried adding some of the bbq sauce .
it did not compliment the meat at all .
like the meat they were very bland .
the other piece was not toasted at all .
the just is no quality control in the kitchen .
there was no smoke flavor to it whatsoever .
the sauce didn't really do much for me .
everyone had mentioned the " sketchy " location .
it didn't seem that bad to me .
the food was ready very quickly .
next time , i'll try somewhere else .
the positives : the hush puppies were amazing .
nothing was said by register guy just an apology .
i'm just going to leave it up to you .
i was thoroughly disappointed .
i just didn't think it was good at all .
all were clearly not fresh or even recently made .
i was expecting authentic eastern nc barbeque .
the brisket was a bit tough .
i would look for a better bbq , charlotte .
low and slow is the way to go boys .
presentation is a big cafeteria zero .
ate their brisket last night .
it wasn't good at all .
restaurant was pretty dead .
i would definitely not take my pet there !
ugh , this store is ghetto !
the store lighting is horrible & dim .
too bad their store environment is so nasty .
i just do not get it.
i guess bad management .
either way this meal was a waste of money .
they will never see another dollar of my money .
the cashiers up front and the management sucks .
they are not professional .
an apology does not fix my hair .
i was highly offended and uncomfortable .
just like the whole restaurant .
i absolutely hate this pizza hut .
the absolute worst pizza i have ever had .
there was barely any cheese on the pizza .
never asked me if i needed any help .
this is really not much of a mall .
however , this is more vietnamese and chinese focus .
homeless people on the corners asking for money .
this is not even close to a mall .
you are not here but two minutes .
and you are trying to hurt my business .
prices are good , but overall service is awful !
all in all , an upsetting experience .
worst pho i've ever had .
bubble tea also terrible , the worst i've had .
nothing crazy good or bad , just right .
she should know by looking at it .
the worst outback i've ever been to .
this location is not a good one .
i believe this was my worst restaurant experience ever .
we ate it , and didn't complain .
very disappointed tonight at this outback location .
i don't know maybe it's different elsewhere .
everything came out so slow !
that is the most ridiculous thing i've ever heard .
that 's still a dumb thing to do .
extremely poor service , food wasn't even average .
but never again would i step foot in here .
needless to say , lunch was horrible .
the worst chinese on planet earth .
just not happy at all .
the shrimp toast was burnt and beyond fishy tasting .
i ordered chicken fried rice and pineapple chicken .
almost walked out of the place .
it was not bad , per se .
but , it certainly was not good .
there are better lunch choices in the area .
i will not be visiting this place ever again !
my second visit here such a disappointment .
sushi rolls were ok but turned up before appetizers .
every time , disappointed .
every time after , it has been just okay .
at least twice , the rice was old .
not good for what they charge .
atmosphere is run down .
booths with holes with a warehouse feel .
the quantity of food is less .
worst place to eat ever !
only thing good was the salad !
lol not hard to make a salad though .
this place is just disgusting .
by far the worst sushi ever !
i have n't eaten anything all day .
i'm a server myself and you dont rush customers .
the hibachi is mediocre .
i don't know , that 's just me .
the rice was mediocre and sticking together .
there was no flavor in the sushi whatsoever .
i was very disappointed .
even an asian buffet can do better than this .
i'd recommend skipping their fried rice .
i was in search of gyoza .
everything is wrong with this place .
just crap everywhere that does not belong .
sorry you can't do that .
gyoza is pan fried and then steamed .
that is a bad sign .
i can't stress this place is a mess .
it's kind of weird .
i'm not gon na come again worst service ever !
i should have listened to my gut upon arrival .
2nd warning i could not find it anywhere .
their jumbo shrimp is not jumbo by definition .
this specific store puts the name to shame .
i'm so annoyed by it !
service is rude and horrible .
worst pizza hut experience ever !
but to others , beware .
the stew beef was okay , i guess .
and the guy on register was slow .
this location is definitely subpar !
the yams were hard and dry on booth occasions .
bad soul food is what i got .
the fried chicken was okay .
fried chicken was ok .
this was not good mac and cheese .
some people may like that , but i don't .
it didn't taste good at all .
the yams that i had was the worst .
i left this place with a bunch of food .
i feel like i wasted my money .
i will definitely not be ordering from there again .
not impressed at all .
hate to see what the kitchen looked like .
cheap is definitely how i would describe the food .
worst wendy 's ever .
i would never eat their salad again .
i would give them no star at all .
worst wendy 's i have ever seen .
they can not get orders correct .
awful service and management seems to not care .
they don't have a clue what they are doing .
totally screwed my order up at the register .
i come here often because i live very close .
( yes , this has happened to me ) .
but i will not be going back .
worst i have ever been .
guess which clinic will have my continued business ?
there were no exhibits .
i was so pissed .
ok , i'll get off my soap box now .
i am unable to get in my room .
i needed my stuff bottom line and before 8am .
nor did i think it would .
absolute worst hotel experience i have ever had .
however , that is not what happened .
the clerk said mine would be removed .
shame on you marriott .
worst hotel experience ever .
very thin walls and floors .
room by the stairs is absolutely horrible .
no notice , no letter , no phone call .
their food isn't all that great .
there is really nothing special about this place .
in addition , the food is not seasoned .
nothing special about the burgers .
this place is just blah .
food is very bland , lacking good flavor .
one time , okay maybe it's a fluke .
i didn't enjoy myself or the food .
the dip would not even sit on the chip .
nothing remained on the chip .
just my bill and the server disappeared .
she did not know the menu .
wouldn't even make eye contact with me .
dirty interior , poor service .
it is all typical pub food .
my salad lettuce was wilted .
the service was friendly but a little slow .
overall just a bad experience .
they're not very organized for watching games at all .
not that great of service , food okay .
there is never a manager present .
the sandwiches are always dry .
unacceptable and i will not be back .
not a drink or a menu .
i suggest another cab company .
the driver was friendly and polite .
( it was at a 1/4 tank . )
only if i'm desperate .
service is completely inept .
completely unreliable and i will never use them again .
i feel ripped off by my driver this evening .
i would rather walk than use service again .
there are plenty of other cab companies in charlotte .
dispatch refused to do anything .
i would have and should have walked !
complete waste of time and would never call back .
i didn't know if that was acceptable .
days in advance , i scheduled a pickup online .
goodbye cabs , hello uber !
i wish i could give them a negative score .
greens were furry and in horrible shape .
bunkers had n't been groomed and were mostly dirt .
will not play here again .
unfortunately right now i would advise to stay away .
very difficult to play with no local knowledge .
the course was in poor shape .
the fairways were absolutely rock hard .
very little grass to tee off from .
the layout of the course is blah .
i guess sams club has all our future business .
well i left with all but paper towels .
worst costco i have ever been in .
worst customer service costco i ever been to .
it is a disorganized mess .
total of three trips .
it reminded me that a review was long overdue .
this was the worst auto experiences i've ever had .
they refused to pay the bill .
horrible experience , i will never return .
stray away from their stores !
my store experience was terrible .
no follow up on how long would it take .
will not be coming back here again .
if i could give no stars i would .
clearly wasn't going to happen now .
no there was no money taken off at all .
just stupid working there !
inside it just smelled fried .
this place is not good .
where do i begin to explain this awful hotel ?
the major issue was that my toilet was broken .
why not just ask the hotel to fix it ?
finally , its location leaves something to be desired .
but still -- rough sauce .
the ac didn't do anything to help .
also , i could smell cigarettes in the room .
breakfast is standard choice hotels breakfast every single day .
shower rod is really loose .
not a good biz !
a creepy paper that lacks integrity .
everything about this restaurant is wrong .
i completely hate this hotel .
i couldn't eat any of it .
so they can't be bothered with amateur musicians .
customer service here is deplorable .
i was so confused !
my advice is not to bother with it .
you're better off going somewhere else if you can .
they take it back no problem .
i insisted on another class as the policy stated .
the next thing is the grooming dept .
well after a week it looked worse !
that i was unhappy with the service .
her nails were not touched .
me : i won't be back tomorrow .
i will never trust them with my pet again .
none of that is on their website .
couldnt even think of the 3rd bite .
i wish they would serve that as dessert !
sorry for my comment tonight .
i sent them a email with no respond .
i would not come back here again .
i don't eat mushy pasta .
met a co-worker for lunch here one day .
i mean , horrible !
i just can not describe the disappointment guys !
then , we got bread and olive oil .
cant go wrong with that .
it was really really bad .
my boyfriend asked for a sprite again .
all in all , pretty weak food .
pizza good size , but too much oil .
we were very tired and hungry .
the thin and crispy was not .
seems like really poor business management and customer service !
i hate this walgreens !
otherwise it would have been a one star visit .
unfortunately there 's not another nearby location .
they'll make your life a living hell .
to the venues credit , it wasnt terrible looking .
avoid this place if you can .
they just stopped coming by the table .
and they always forget your straw .
nice guys , but slow !
if i could give them a zero i would .
they could not have put it on my car .
i won't be taking my service here ever again .
she said that she was unable to reach him .
fortunately , we didn't hear the dog again .
probably won't stay here again .
the breakfast buffet was nearly inedible .
this year only breads and yogurt .
other things were not so great though .
why would i want a hot chocolate ?
poor customer service at its highest .
slow service and could not get a receipt .
i wish i could give this location zero stars .
we just had the rudest experience here .
worst worst worst customer service .
we wiped everything down with a baby wipe .
upon going in , the parking lot was trashy .
the waiter ended up getting our drinks wrong .
save yourself the trouble and skip coming here .
the worst ihop i've ever entered .
trust the guy with the grease on his hands .
not the one in the pretty blue polo .
i stopped to air up my tires .
the sandwich was cold .
do not spend your money at this establishment .
very disappointed in this service !
i called to find out what had gone wrong .
i asked that management follow up with me asap .
can not recommend , will not use again .
i didn't throw the bag !
this is just bs ! "
the " shuttle service " is crap .
no " sorry i'm late .
the breakfast was okay , normal hot continental breakfast .
worst hotel i have ever stayed at .
but that 's not even the worst part !
no customer service at all .
left a very bad impression .
the bathrooms are gross .
the whole hotel is old and musty .
please don't waste your money staying here .
make sure to get your pricing in writing .
can not recommend unless you want a new driveway .
stayed here while in charlotte for a meeting .
first impressions were not good .
not professional at all .
shower only , no tub .
light over bathroom sink blew out .
no lamps on each side of the bed .
check out and on our way !
meh , i've had better .
flavors were just ok .
needless to say we are still on the hunt .
the service was very prompt and polite .
i couldn't bring myself to even eat it .
they are downright mean and lazy .
same corporate owners and recipes but better staff .
i guess my azteca days are over .
the taco salad was not very good .
the taco salad was not very good .
so went an ordered tacos to go .
they wrote it down for the complete wrong date .
bar service is awful as well .
never coming back and still have n't even eaten .
so i choose shredded beef instead .
i did not try the guacamole .
i ate very little .
how can u mess that up , right ?
shredded cheddar cheese throughout .
it was nasty nasty nasty .
only stopped here because we were in a hurry .
i slept in and missed it .
horrible business practices and horrific behavior by management .
staff is incredibly rude and disrespectful .
the first room that we received was horrible !
the airline said it would be 30-40 dollars .
overall it is average stay .
it is an extremely stinky motel .
it smells like urine at times too .
this motel probably just renovated their rooms .
our next stop would be to florida .
smoking so much and i'm allergic .
the heat that comes out is cold air .
this is by far the worse i've been to .
don't waste your time here !
only asks other people if they need any vacuuming .
the patio doors has homemade locks .
feels very uncomfortable living here .
i stayed here for a bit over a week .
it is a very sketchy place .
refused to clean the rooms .
it is the worse place i've live .
i wish i read yelp before coming here .
i don't feel safe here .
not worth the hassle .
i felt strangely out of place by the staff .
very large selection , all very neatly organized .
the staff was terribly rude .
they advised me it was labeled wrong .
horrible staff , horrible company all together .
i have n't gone back .
short staffing and bad attitudes !
this is the absolute worst waffle house ever !
i'm never going back .
this place is horrible !
this place was just plain depressing .
i walk in and sit down .
grabbed my waffle and threw it away .
oh how the mighty have fallen .
for a club like this , and no pole ?
this place is pretentious and over priced .
i would never come in this place ever again .
women are not attractive and staff is even worse .
finally bored we requested our check .
otherwise , generally sub par club .
would avoid at all costs .
hard to find one to get a dance .
and refused to refund me .
not so much anymore .
however , the food is disappointing .
unfortunately , i was very disappointed .
this is below average carolina barbeque .
for good bbq , try mac 's instead .
the bbq had a sour background taste .
worst meal i had in months .
had good flavor and fell right off the bone .
the pork was cold and barely warm .
one of the worst bbq i've ever had !
old and very dry !
salt on salt on salt .
i am more a fan of regular cole slaw .
this was our 2nd time dining here .
i will admit it's not bad .
will never do business with these rude people again .
the bark was soggy .
i have nothing good to say about the sides .
i just wasn't feeling fried catfish or bbq .
cheap , lousy truck stop food .
just tried the place because i was close .
chicken pot pie was decent .
fried okra was not that great .
mac and cheese treated like out of a box .
she didn't even speak or smile .
i don't need bad service and mediocre food !
it's a sandwich shop and the sandwich wasn't good .
the potato salad was awful !
they made no apologies .
they should be ashamed of themselves .
did he offer to change my oil again ?
if i could give no stars i would .
the drinks were good but way expensive .
just not a place i would recommend .
why bother even making an appointment ?
i won't be back .
the cheese wasn't melted .
yep , they'd made my order twice .
there was no one up front to take orders .
sorta like arby 's .
extremely disappointed with this visit .
it did not look good for the place .
i won't go back .
not worth the damage that was done .
i do not suggest using this company .
also , they noted there was an oil leak .
let me say i really like dollar tree .
just disorganized and ridiculous .
won't ever be returning here , what a headache .
she admitted things weren't going smoothly that day .
i was quickly reminded why i don't eat here .
this was not something i could roll with .
perhaps the manager should learn how to read .
this place is slow as shit .
wasn't even busy and wait was forever .
long wait for food .
this pizza was a bland as it could be !
i mean , how is sweet italian sausage bland ?
the entire pizza just was not very good .
i will never order pizza from this place again .
room was large , bathroom was nice .
do not stay here .
that is called shady and wrong .
the nasty smell in our room was overwhelming .
our room did not smell .
i contacted hilton corporate and no response !
they deserve zero stars !
this time she cheated on me .
i find that extremely disturbing .
will not stay at embassy suites ever again .
on-site steakhouse was disappointing .
maybe the second worst ?
our room had an ac leak .
not up to the hilton standards for sure .
makes for a very unwelcome feel .
there are so many things wrong here .
just don't get your hopes up to high .
the egg roll was mediocre .
ok place , but nothing special .
boy was i wrong .
let me break it down for ya .
food is awful and so greasy .
not bad , but not the worse .
this was hands down the best thing we ate .
but honestly , i didn't dare touch the buffet .
it didn't look clean .
neither did the tables or restaurant as a whole .
it was edible , but not flavorful .
if anything , it's nonexistent .
the pho is mediocre .
the pho was very bland and tasted like water .
now our third waiter was a complete asshole !
maybe that explains his disgusting attitude !
unless your job is that miserable .
not to mention we had no refills .
think of a chef 's salad , but worse .
i'm really confused by this place .
then the table next to us gets potatoes .
no bread included complimentary .
unsure how they are still in business .
unfortunately will never come back .
an hour later still nothing .
the absolute worst service i've ever experienced .
it was tough , over grilled and rubbery .
hubby done with his dinner , wine bottle finished .
ok , this seemed a bit pricey but reasonable .
there was coolant steaming all over the engine .
tl ; dr : do not come here .
world ' slowest oil change .
people just sitting in the shop doing nothing .
time - they are very very slow .
don't waste your time at this location .
this is the worse place for customer service .
lack of customer service .
on the weekends , this place is crazy .
worst vet i have ever been too .
i will not be going back .
it did not taste at all like avocado .
however sanitation has gone to shit .
no longer a customer .
the staff are rude and completely unhelpful .
bad customer service too .
over priced , low quality food .
nothing like a northern deli shop .
don't waste your money here .
disgusted that i wasted my time .
first time getting gel nails was this past saturday .
then the next day it split open .
why didn't she catch it before i left ?
they can not polish a nail correctly .
they are not competent nail technicians .
i would not advise going to this place ever !
i will not be returning to china wing .
gives a whole new meaning to cheap chinese .
ordered the bulgogi , fried dumplings and crab rangoons .
the rangoons and dumplings were pretty decent .
i had to throw it out .
don't think i will be going back .
horrible food , worse service .
nasty , you can see nasty in the kitchen .
it is more expensive .
inconsistent quality of food & service .
i wouldn't eat here even if it was free .
nothing knocked me out , but all was fine .
i just left paying with a empty stomach .
never do delivery from this place .
needless to say , i was sold !
service is awful as well .
chicken tikka masala was neither sweet nor spicy enough .
edit : one more thing .
there was no spice involved .
i've exhausted my attempts .
i will not eat here again .
very mediocre and the food was dry and unappealing .
they weren't really set up .
ordered delivery to hotel .
i chose the buffet because i wanted some vegetables .
unfortunately , the search continues .
she had baked chicken , i the fried chicken .
i stopped in for a late lunch .
the service was lacking .
the catfish was rather bland .
food is okay , but staff is extremely rude .
the catfish on the buffet was sub par .
pasta salad was nothing special .
i'm pretty sure my fried chicken is better .
i'd probably go back for lunch .
the " buffet " was sad and pathetic .
i barely had any chicken , mostly skin .
there ain't no soul in this place !
there are just too many other options .
however , everything is else is average .
there was absolute no salt or any spices added .
i wouldn't waste my money here ever again .
i was soooo wrong !
i will not return to this place again .
i will not come back .
my room didnt have a trash can !
the couch bed was full of springs and cover !
the manager , michael is not a people person .
i checked out the room before i accepted it .
so then there is the room it self .
then the a/c and heater unit .
each replacement show worse that the one prior .
the music is crap now .
worst bank i've ever been involved with .
i found the student body and administration sorely lacking .
they were not helpful at all .
no problem , we'll get it fixed .
truly an embarrassment for my wife to drive .
you hire incompetent people .
i wouldn't even give one star .
i am not willing to be taken advantage of .
young female manager very unprofessional and rude !
i will not be ordering from this location again .
so we got soggy , burnt bread .
( i didnt have my car that evening ) .
this is not authentic chinese food .
the sweet and sour sauce is bitter and stale .
i regret going here , never again !
ok things happen , i understand .
not even in the home and office section .
the hamburger was dry .
i left without getting anything .
it's been a very long time .
there were not many people inside eating as well .
what , no tomato at least ?
i usually love bk , this one is sub-par .
also , the condiments were very poor .
house recipe brand sucks !
i just ate the dog without the bun .
the fries were soggy .
we were starving and filled up on peanuts .
no courtesy to the customers what so ever .
homemade ranch , i think .
i wouldn't go back .
my visit was short and not sweet at all !
the worst manicure i have ever received !
poor service , unorganized .
tried to pass gel base off as color .
you'll get a better deal elsewhere !
they avoid answering any and all questions .
they consistently said i didn't have a leak .
i wish i can give a negative star .
if you really want an audi , go elsewhere .
they have lost my business .
worst car buying experience ever !
there were more salespeople than customers .
these guys are clueless .
he apologized and asked me to come back .
service , staff were all top notch .
disclaimer : i don't eat seafood !
no , after all this is the south .
the fried squash was not the best i've had .
like , maybe the best i've ever had !
the prices are low .
the decor is horrible .
very rude , it's not all of them .
just a select few .
then i gave her my coupon .
no more creamy texture .
this is the worst ice cream i've ever had .
it tasted like sweet cream with chocolate chips .
cheap greedy owners alert !
very over priced and portions are very small .
i mean it is fast food .
hummus and my boyfriends fave - red velvet cake .
hardly any chicken and severely over cooked .
took pictures to send to corporate .
i dont know if this restaurant is still open .
there 's a bolt sticking in my tire .
and a crappy car wash at that .
no apologies or anything back for customer service .
the staff was completely unprofessional .
the doctor is completely incompetent .
this is a horrible health services .
did you do something really bad to her ? "
now the bad - everything else !
the chow mein was not chow mein .
it was steamed vegetables on top rice !
finally , the egg rolls ( vegetable ) .
all cabbage and tasted like it was boiled .
i won't be back .
you don't feel welcome at this place .
yes , that 's harsh but sadly true .
crap , crap , crap .
for the second plate , i tried some others .
gel polish should not do that .
needless to say i will not be going back .
didn't even bother complaining .
sadly it was not a good experience .
please don't go to this nail salon .
worst nail service ever !
my top over coat is not smooth .
she filed me so hard she cut me deep .
very dirty salon , equipment , floors , everything .
don't waste your time or money .
this place is terrible .
in short , i was highly disappointed .
i am never coming back again .
don't know how to deal with customers .
and for the record , my wife is indian .
the staff was nice , but incredibly slow .
so i was left waiting for a table .
overall the experience left me disappointed .
the good was ok , but not delicious .
do not waste your money here !
are you kidding me ?
no acknowledgement , nothing .
i am never going back to this restaurant .
can't even bite into that thing .
will not go here .
not a customer friendly restaurant .
no courtesy to be polite .
the host was rude and not at all apologetic .
the dish was okay , but not very flavorful .
we had a bad experience with this visit .
that was so rude .
this is the worst pizza hut location ever .
this place is horrible !
the pizza sucked anyways waste of time .
and the management is horrible at this place .
don't waste time or money .
but it will def be my last .
i wish i could give this a negative star .
the worst experience ever .
cheap furniture and poor quality !
beyond pissed at this purchase !
my wife and i stopped in here last night .
the restaurant is pretty empty .
i thinly my waitress 's name is angie .
the quesadillas were flavorless and filled with fatty meat .
that 's way too much for mediocre food .
the service was just unacceptable .
needless to say i was very upset .
i took one bite and sent it back .
and no squeezed lime either .
worst service i've had in the area .
the beef tacos did not have seasoning .
i can't tell you how bad this location is .
the worst experience i've had at any restaurant !
this is not what we received on our plates .
however the food was pretty disgusting .
the food is mediocre & the place looks dirty .
this is the worst chilis i've ever been to .
i'll be calling wells fargo .
so friday , i came for a repair .
so ultimately i had to pay for their mistake .
i do not recommend .
this was my second visit to v nails .
the leading company did nothing .
take your money elsewhere .
horrible shower ( no pressure or hot water ) .
the soda fountain machine is not up to code .
staff is unfriendly and constantly playing inappropriate music .
the food was awful .
i wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
do not stop here .
i'm not sure where to start .
store is older and needs to be remodeled .
this store needs remodeling badly .
the store manager apparently doesn't care .
that 's an old supermarket trick from ages ago .
don't stand for it !
it will be too late to correct .
this is the worst harris teeter around .
this place is terrible !
and sadly it's the one closest to my house .
best word to describe this place is garbage .
worst service i have ever experienced in my life !
its a rip off .
super slow , super lazy and super inefficient staff .
it was a very bad experience for us .
the wait time was crazy .
my slowest experience at pizza hut ever .
only positive is they have a drive thru .
probably the worst pizza hut ever !
pizza was not cut properly either .
worst customer experience ever !
if i could give zero stars i would .
this is the worst pizza hut ever !
not even super bowl sunday !
this is the worst !
the convince of delivery just isn't worth it here !
pizza hut you should be ashamed !
if i could give it negative stars i would .
what a waste of time that was .
just avoid going here .
unfortunately , customer service is not tops here .
employees act like they don't want to be there .
this location is very busy .
tried pizza hut again today .
if you offer call ahead that makes no sense .
get your shit together management .
my burritos were not even hot .
the worst waffle house i've ever been to .
it was dirty and gross .
there was a short wait but nothing too crazy .
we immediately got up and walked out .
this particular visit was nothing close to that .
needless to say we arrived empty and left empty .
not one bit about this experience has gone right .
i don't stray from my favorites .
so by this time , i am livid .
i have never done this but i was mad .
maybe i just expect too much .
service is virtually non-existent .
yes , the bathrooms here are gross .
# shame on the gm of hilton !
certainly not the best hilton property i've ever visited .
needless to say , i accepted .
this is a beat up hilton garden inn .
so slow will never stop here again .
oh my god soo slow !
( they said no problem ) .
the wifi is horrible !
if you don't like your job , then quit .
the worst hotel i have ever stayed in .
i would not recommend this establishment .
worst management staff ever !
no big deal - it's not expensive .
do not eat here .
you couldn't pay me to eat here again .
i will not be traveling across town anymore .
the pancakes did not taste like they were homemade .
the service was ok but could have been better .
all in all , would not recommend to anyone .
this was my first trip to this restaurant .
and worst of all there was no mayo !
service was extremely slow .
toilet areas were dirty with tissue everywhere .
do not waste your time eating here !
they are sooo slow .
it's extremely annoying and very disappointing .
this place is a joke .
the interior vacuum job was mediocre at best .
lens has nothing to do with it .
worst car wash ever !
watch your back because they won't .
they only refund if they cant approve you .
i am easily impressed by mediocre chinese food .
this place isn't horrible but its not good either .
only stayed due to time for my lunch .
this is the worst place to take your clothes !
not worth the risk .
they will never keep customers at this place .
do not waste your time playing this course .
spend your money elsewhere !
( photo below ) .
this course is awful .
the greens were atrocious .
i've never seen such poor greens .
i would steer clear of this apartment complex .
maybe it's time for me to stop eating out .
it's just strawberry right ?
wasted my time and made a profit !
no confirmation screen no total no please pull forward .
she never came back so i just took off .
it's not that difficult to take an order now .
they gave it to me with cream and sugar .
this place continues to go downhill .
this has to be the worst mcdonalds ever .
the staff is extremely rude and slow .
this is quite possibly the worst establishment on earth .
2am after the bar , it's being cleaned .
crap , not coming again .
my last visit to jason 's deli was disappointing .
i'm assuming that they chop it up in store .
i don't understand why they wouldn't remove those pieces .
i was really disappointed with this last trip .
the chicken in the soup didn't taste quite right .
i had the worst experience ever .
employees are n't very friendly or helpful .
it's not like he told me or warned me .
just dont go here .
the pizza slices tasted like cardboard .
no flavor and dry and hard .
the garlic knots , however , were actually good .
there are better pizza places i'm this area .
for starters , their website is terrible !
the spinach ricotta was terrible .
the slices were underwhelming .
they really should have more chicken on there .
what a major disappointment !
slept at the airport terminal instead .
the coffee - also not very good .
time to upgrade , marriott .
this location is beyond frustrating .
long wait wrong order .
not a place i can recommend .
new pizza was thick crust and not crispy !
but i could eat it , no olives !
i also asked for a bath on wednesday .
what a mistake to go through lowes .
i'm not getting floors installed in my bathroom .
i don't need my sink disconnected .
i didn't complain , mistakes happen .
not some zombie staffed fast food chain .
get over yourself and quit being rude .
i will not be back .
very disappointed this time .
probably won't be back for a long time .
accidentally posted this review on the wrong restaurant .
beware of this charge .
the worst sushi ever !
customer service is horrible .
guess i should quit my job and just train .
stay far away from this place !
can't say anything positive about this location .
the sausage was dry and lacked flavor .
the food was lackluster .
the food wasn't that good .
terrible place to stay at .
don't recommend this hotel at this location to anyone .
the hotel wasn't horrible only because of her .
there wasn't a clock in our room .
their room 's light was very dim .
their toilet didn't want to flush .
let 's just say he didn't sleep well .
they refused to put us in another room .
not even to an enemy !
waiting for registers is always hit or miss .
i live my life on fruits .
stupid people don't care for someone 's time .
very poor customer service very poor indeed .
my experience at walmart is always bad .
don't go here for an oil change .
the only saving grace is the self checkout .
the fruit and veggie section isn't the best .
the meat section isnt that much better .
shouldn't that have been done the night before ?
i received old , cold and bad tasting fries .
the bun was as hard as a rock .
what a waste of my money .
i did not get a response to my complaint .
avoid this location at all costs .
nope - had n't even been touched .
vacuuming was barely done .
the worst service ever !
i would not recommend this place !
my interior isn't even wiped down .
this is just disrespectful !
i don't understand why they don't ?
do not wash your car here .
the blonde sales manager is a complete nightmare .
rude , rude , rude .
i reached out to the rep .
thumbs down to this car lot !
not overdone like so many other places .
also , you have to get a milkshake .
nope , not a fan .
its was ok , nothing special .
do not go later at night .
are you freaking kidding me ?
awful food on top of it .
the kitchen area was a complete disaster as well .
do not , do not buy a mattress here .
can't wait to get the new mattress tomorrow !
too pricey for low quality wear !
i really don't understand bad customer service .
i will not be choosing this mcdonalds again !
it's true , they do have incredibly slow service .
don't stop by if you're running late for work .
shouldn't this be done before the store opens ?
no matter what day or time that you shop !
manager bob to sales person oscar all our worst .
even the front desk lady is soooo rude .
got home and six pieces were missing !
don't waste your time and effort .
the worst company and customer service i've ever seen !
last week , i purchased a dining room set .
i am disgusted by this customer service .
beware their so called warranty is useless !
terrible nail salon , don't go there !
the service was very poor .
very unprofessional and rude .
apparently lisa at baskin robbins can .
lady sitting inside did not care at all .
saturday mornings are busy .
absolutely horrible , slow , and rude staff .
however , even this stuff is sub par .
they sound bored and uninterested .
if they're lost , they're lost , you know ?
no , i don't know .
did they lose my order and not tell me ?
did you get lost ?
shitty beer selection but i already knew that .
we didn't browse a whole lot .
for the appetizer we chose the corn guacamole .
once we walked in the door i remembered why .
the kicker was the wait staff .
will never go to another chili 's ever .
paper thin and always kept breaking .
your performance also is taken into consideration .
so much for running in and grabbing a bite .
very unfriendly and rude .
customer service on the phone : lackluster .
poor for a chain !
food was average chain , service and atmosphere suck .
clean inside , and nice bathrooms though .
poor service and mediocre food .
no return business from me .
ribs were over cooked and hard .
probably will not return .
but yelp isn't having any of that .
i'll get another stylist next time .
stay far away from this place !
again , do not waste your money .
do not patronize this location .
so , i didn't .
avoid these guys , seriously .
the service here is consistently atrocious .
wait staff was polite .
it's a very standard casual dining .
i had a turkey cheese burger which was okay .
here 's where i take off the third star .
i think both are stupid .
potato skins are potato skins .
made a stop the following week for hh .
don't eat here if you want a relaxing lunch .
i could not take it anymore .
we ordered clam chowder , chopped salad and salmon .
dense and then over cooked .
thank god the baked potato was safe !
meh prices , meh food , meh service .
fried catfish : soggy and slimy under the breading .
i've never seen catfish like this before .
mother 's day dinner sucked !
breading was flavorless and no crunch .
didn't even want a replacement meal !
hostess could have cared less that we left .
sad service , will never go back .
the worst restaurant experience i've had .
they are also limited in the services they offer .
no new techniques or nail designs .
then they charged me for the wrong order .
slow service is usual here .
but today was the worst .
will not go back again .
this place is a rip off .
will not be going back .
yes , they have stuff that 's not pancakes .
service seems a little hit and miss .
we were seated quick and easy with no hassle .
food is fine , typical ihop .
the food on the other hand wasn't so great .
i was not satisfied with this ihop .
the table was not clean .
the food was terrible .
will not go back .
will not eat at this ihop again .
none of the employees speak english .
make the bacon large and add another waffle light .
the staff was not organized !
it was total chaos .
this located is always chaotic .
the pumpkin pie was a little salty but good .
i was not impressed with the food .
the mashed potatoes were grossly runny .
do not waste your money !
they are located in a questionable part of town .
rock hill store does not do this !
but now they've priced themselves out of my budget .
very poor customer service .
of customer service also to no avail .
when you need assistance there 's no one available .
buy buy baby is at the same shopping area .
obviously nobody cared about customer service at all .
needless to say i was done .
don't let the varieties fool you .
neither of these occurred .
do not waste your time and money here !
overall not a good dinning experience .
however the food was just okay .
there just was not a good selection .
not a great value really .
i attached a pic , you decide .
we walked in saw that and walked back out .
worst buffet in charlotte .
the pizza was dry .
he was right , the movie was fine .
i usually visit this theater on saturday mornings .
the theater was absolutely disgusting .
each of them felt that it wasn't their job .
when i returned i was told it was handled .
this property didn't deliver and neither did the staff .
the lunch was disgusting .
nothing was special about this place .
my wife had a quesadilla whose crust was burned .
he sprinkles the pico , corn and other sides .
but only because it's closer than chipotle .
however the service is terrible .
i ordered from ma ma wok instead .
stop wasting your time .
the bakery is no good either .
these two packs where to be our christmas dinner .
they are arrogant money hungry bitches .
living area is big closet and bedroom are small .
keep avoid of strangers there lot of theft .
but i was wrong .
the floor is paper thin .
they walk hard , back and forth constantly .
complained many times but it didn't stop .
little did they know how i was being treated .
why did you wait a month and a half .
the owner here is just down right ugly .
owner doesn't care about anything but profit .
no one acknowledged my exit either .
i would not recommend this practice .
front office staff not the most professional .
it's never as clean as you'd do it .
but you're not having to do it .
i'd rather spend the time doing it myself .
usually i hand wash my cars .
the vacuum job was horrible and clearly rushed .
i won't be back .
let 's not take about the rest .
the worst sub i ever had !
slow service and was not busy .
they rip you off on tuesdays .
long time lost customers at last .
oh i know , smoothie king does !
taking my business elsewhere .
the hours i've wasted .
i can't stand this place !
the white pizza is my fave so far .
ended up just throwing them away .
don't let the name change fool you .
this place has horrible customer service .
this an absolutely ridiculous excuse !
unfortunately , this was not the right choice .
to which i asked him to go find out .
i handed him my salad and and no thanks .
- no place to put our meals .
even the chimichurri was bland .
so embarrassed to have brought my in-laws there !
it was very obvious they weren't jumbo .
i won't return for a long time .
poor service , worse food .
it was also very hectic and noisy .
i want my money back !
i finally did today and it was a disappointment !
the food was okay , nothing spanish about it .
the sangria tasted like cheap wine .
definately not coming back .
i highly would recommend a man never go here .
never going to another chick-fil-a !
apparently the owner isn't checking procedures .
half time it isn't done .
why is it a problem for me ?
can't believe they allowed it .
wouldn't go back ever .
the worst experience i have ever had .
i was embarrassed for the sales clerk .
i will not visit there again .
they refused to do anything .
i am a big fan of greek food .
the worst part , however , is the service .
too many teenagers , not enough adults .
bad customer service will run me away .
will not go again .
i am very disappointed .
i requested a refund and was told no refunds .
i have ate here before but never will again .
i am beyond pissed .
poorly run and mediocre food .
one , wouldn't you tell me that up front ?
the customer service is atrocious .
never be afraid to go greek !
the place was packed on sunday for lunch .
i would not recommend going here .
it's not even fair .
the restaurant was not even a quarter full !
they didn't even own up to their mistake .
unfortunately , this was also a miss .
she said they had hot sauce instead .
my salad was a bit smaller than hers .
worst chinese food i have ever eaten .
the variety of beer was pretty poor , too .
i would absolutely not recommend this vet to anyone .
and the wrap was just plain nasty !
really disappointed with this location .
i'm quite disappoint at my experience here today .
needless to say they lost my business .
she then looked at me with a disgusted look .
the store is nice though , clean and organized .
its a no from me .
it was just ok .
nothing to write home about .
my dinner partners all said the same just ok .
the calamari was super dry and flavorless .
i felt like i completely wasted my money .
i was disappointed , to say the least .
dough is chewy and sauce tastes from a can .
garlic knots were okay but could be better .
was served relatively fast but overall it was poor .
typical southern italian food .
didn't find it here .
the waitress made us feel very rushed .
the staff dresses inappropriate for a restaurant setting .
the food was marginal .
the chicken in my pasta was very dry .
i did not eat it .
my husbands lasagna was very mushy .
very disappointed and went here due to the rating .
there are better italian restaurants in town .
worst service in north america !
the place was empty except one table .
i will not be back .
my garlic knots and clams were burned .
the styling was terrible .
the hair was simply blow dried .
i couldn't tell a difference if i did it .
i walked out very disappointed .
you really can't do anything wrong .
do not use this place !
don't waste your time coming here .
, they wouldn't honor it .
salsa - tomatoes , onions and cilantro .
nothing particularly wrong with it , just fine .
it was downhill from there .
the only decent part were the chips and salsa .
one fish , one chicken , and one beef .
there wasn't a hint of tequila in these drinks .
do not waste your time or money .
you will be disappointed to say the least .
this time was a bit different though .
it was not worth it .
i make a better pastrami or reuben at home !
doubt i'll be back .
bread was too thin .
won't be going back .
too bad , we won't be back .
checked them out online and was excited to try .
my gf and i split plates to try both .
i will never return to this restaurant again .
the potato pancakes were awful !
i wasn't prepared for what happened next .
as i said , never going back .
this place is so hit or miss its ridiculous .
just ordered matzo ball soup .
the service is slow and inconsistent .
the product isn't worth the price .
after your comments i will gladly be back .
management is not customer oriented .
i'm calling corporate today to complain .
the dipping sauce had no flavor at all .
they never stood a chance .
i've eaten in and tried delivery .
i have never had a bad experience until today .
hey , he was friendly .
unfortunately , i won't risk this happening again .
worst chinese i've ever had .
person taking phone order was rude .
worse than chinese food at the mall .
won't be eating there again .
well it's just nasty food coloring .
i will not be coming back .
mongolian beef is not mongolian beef at all !
it taste so bad .
take your money elsewhere .
shrimp lo mien was the worst i've ever had .
i would not recommend this place .
my wife couldn't eat them .
problem is that it's convenient .
it was kind of mushy .
the chicken dish was fine .
nothing special , but not bad .
i felt ripped off .
nasty since no other place does that .
she just was being defensive .
i will not be coming back .
prefer no attitude with my ice cream .
never once did i have an ok experience there .
i absolutely almost walked out right then .
i don't need a rude , stuck up vet !
this place was totally unprofessional .
doesn't care at all about your pet .
she only cares about your money .
i'm looking for another vet and groomer .
did i mention this place smells like urine ?
i don't like your attitude !
needless to say , i won't be back .
just a bland deviled egg .
just don't look for authentic cajun flavor here .
charlotte needs a real cajun restaurant .
so far all the available choices are underwhelming .
usual wait wait wait & wait .
the most ridiculous policy i have ever heard of .
honestly , the service was poor .
sorry , this place doesn't get it .
the catfish was greasy and the oysters were soggy .
trust me , way overpriced .
needless to say , i was disappointed .
but , i work hard for my money too .
really left us hanging .
the food was bad all around .
this place doesn't rate a one star .
did not live up to my expectations .
waste of money and will not be returning .
it is what it is i guess .
maybe i caught them on a bad day .
will not be returning !
the food was ok , but not spectacular .
collards were ok , nothing to brag about .
i also washed off the back window myself .
i shouldn't have to .
this place is not worth the money at all .
please don't fall for this place .
they did a terrible job cleaning my car .
i'm so upset i gave them my business .
so i guess your asking why only two stars ?
the food was awful .
that is how forgettable it was .
i just wasn't feeling it here .
the sides were uninspired .
not very tasty though .
i don't know why it's so packed .
the lemonade was awful .
the fried spinach was good but too salty .
it was too much .
this was our first visit to firebirds .
i did not complain , it looked good enough .
the place was loud .
it is over priced .
it looks like it should be much better .
the food was uninspired and bland .
this is off my list , way better options .
the food was lacking .
not fast -- but friendly .
my husband and i had visited before .
things went downhill from there .
the salad was positively coated in dressing .
the burgers themselves were literally dripping with grease .
try the firebirds on sharon road in southpark .
tuna was dry and flavorless the lobster queso .
worst customer service ever .
i won't go back .
i have been here twice .
she said that was all i was scheduled for .
there was no other attempt to make it right .
not relaxing at all !
bottom line , there 's nothing they can do .
i said " forget it " and walked out .
the waiter brought out wine glasses for the table .
coconut shrimp were fine , but nothing special .
i really wasn't that impressed .
wine selection is rather lacking .
too many choices to pull me back .
all left angry and disgusted .
mashed potatoes seem like baked potatoes that are mashed .
old and stuffy atmosphere that needs an update .
i had never had bland oysters before .
the mashed potatoes were passable at best .
the long island iced tea was not made correctly .
the wait for the wine was over ten minutes .
the collards that we ordered were lukewarm .
the ribs we ordered were dry .
unfortunately , this restaurant used to be better .
the service was simply atrocious .
not a good experience , possibly not typical .
this is not an exaggeration .
the side dish of potatoes was inedible .
i will not be going back .
one gets the impression of very weak management .
quantity was awesome but the actual onion batter tasteless .
there is almost never anyone there .
not a big fan of this place .
this place is the worst !
wish i could give the .
unfortunately they did not have what we wanted .
forget meeting with any privacy at all .
however it doesn't wow you or anything .
then had no idea how to serve it .
customer service is a lost skill at this restaurant .
what 's wrong with quality check at this restaurant !
poor poor poor experience , don't go !
will not be going back again .
will not go back .
the food was low quality .
same waitress ordered the same thing .
he said nothing so we walked .
you couldn't even cut it with a fork .
a horrible dining experience !
everything about our meal was completely inedible .
this location isn't worth your time or a dime .
it's obvious it say and they reheated it .
never once apologized or seemed to remotely care .
i won't be going back .
called upon discovery of this serious mistake .
smells and tastes like dominos .
not worth the money .
the bread is the worst part .
i just don't understand how the management handles it .
filthy restaurant and food was extremely salty .
nasty with a capital n. never going back .
the response was " wow , i'm sorry .
will not return for a while .
it's all different , and not for the better .
if i had zero stars i would give zero .
they have some new stuff and some estate stuff .
i will not be going back there .
the absolute worst power company in the us .
all around terrible company .
everyone hates going but we have to go .
personally the dentist is ok i guess .
it just makes me feel dirty .
this was the worst .
the shrimp and grits were gross .
i don't remember having exceptional service there either .
other than that , i won't be back .
again , bland and disappointing .
well tonight proved 2nd time is not the charm .
the potatoes and asparagus were also covered in grease .
i will not be back .
it was just ridiculous .
you will hate yourself for ordering that .
the new interior has lost all its old charm .
the side of cornbread was also forgettable .
came here for saturday brunch .
however , the food was mediocre at best .
the waitress brought me shrimp and grits .
it's dry and bland .
unfortunately i was not impressed .
the bbq shrimp were severely lacking in flavor .
the fried chicken with the jambalaya was overcooked .
owners are very rude people .
it started out poorly .
at this point , the employee became very difficult .
very poor management of course .
maintenance of course in bad shape .
never play golf at this place .
i wouldn't stop there to take a dump .
do not give this course a chance !
so , the first impression was pretty bad .
their signage was damaged and missing letters .
all signs that the place is generally not maintained .
shame on you if you patronize this club .
and the clam chowder wasn't bad either .
all kids meals are fried except the pasta marinara .
the inside is extremely noisy and bland .
the staff is extremely unpleasant .
to sum it all up : quantity over quality .
unfortunately my excitement ended after the hush puppies .
the food is real bad .
it wasn't awful but i have had better .
i won't go again .
the scoop was only used to fill pitchers .
the platters were just ok .
service was ok but it could have been better .
worst service i've experienced in a very long time !
bad service i want be going back !
words can not really describe the lunch buffet .
the buffet had no food .
it was pretty much empty .
the lunch buffet was greasy and unappetizing .
no one was around .
slowest fast food place i have ever been to .
it was hard to watch .
she just didn't get it .
we don't give a crap . "
don't bother with this place .
but their response was even more unbelievable !
and then hung up on me .
however , not apologetic at all .
average oil change place .
i feel sorry for his staff .
other than that , not worth the trip .
i was just sorely disappointed with this place .
skip this sketchy place .
so maybe this place is a hit or miss ?
nothing like it used to be .
traffic in and out is horrible .
did my biscuit come out promptly ?
not once was i thanked for being a customer .
much prefer jersey mike 's though .
pharmacy service not good .
done with this pharmacy .
i would recommend not coming to this cvs !
it is not cheap by any means .
this wasn't the case here .
the service was slow , the food was mediocre .
this was our first time trying this place .
( i am sorry !
the ingredients just weren't fresh or something .
also , their food is not that good .
avoid at all cost !
we stopped over the weekend for lunch .
as with other posts service was a little slow .
so our food got cold really quickly .
i'm sure they got thrown out .
the pizzas were not that great though .
i couldn't bring myself to try the fourth pizza .
i'd give it zero stars if i could .
this should have been listed on their website !
guess they won't be back there again .
don't waste your money on this place !
oh such a disappointment .
oh it was horrible .
i was just pretty disappointed .
there was one small problem : the food .
the room was a mess .
service was really mediocre .
ten minutes to get water and lemonade .
another ten minutes to order .
my entree was disappointing .
lasagna is meh , ravioli was probably frozen .
i would not come back here .
i had an awful experience here .
i will not be going back here .
however this location is horrible .
this one is bad !
ok , would be nice if u explained why .
i can only assume soup isn't served until later .
there is no line when you walk in .
don't get me started on the attitude of workers !
what bread store doesn't have bread ?
this place is horrible for cat boarding .
i would never take our dogs there again .
the check-in process was very quick and painless .
speaking in a very angry tone .
i felt very awkward and a bit insulted .
i will not be going back .
coconut shrimp had no flavor .
it smelled of stale smoke .
no one returned my call .
you can be sure i'll never stay here again .
from there , the mirage took off .
the only thing i finished here was the soda .
extremely rude mexican staff !
i am very dissapointed .
prices at kfc are getting outrageous .
the worst ever are the restrooms .
i will never return to them as a vendor .
i couldn't wait to try the cheese curds .
they didn't have any flavor .
the custard was nothing out of the ordinary .
service prompt , impersonal .
none of these things concerned me though .
michael 's is not very good .
the fries are weak and not very good .
on move out day , the crew was late .
finally , i get a call from a driver .
worst car wash ever !
don't waste your money .
absolutely would not recommend .
the bar is not stocked with much .
fish was very bland and flavorless .
french fries were mushy .
the only thing good was the coffee .
will not be returning .
she is clearly in the wrong job .
this is not a hard roll .
also , don't expect a real plate .
fries are extra , they were mediocre .
the friday night fish fry was not very flavorful .
the food lacked seasoning .
and doesn't really seem like they care !
would not come back .
service and food both lacking .
all of our food was lukewarm .
my wife 's walleye was like cardboard .
we won't be going back there again .
the service here was awful .
our drink order was taken and then nothing .
they received their drinks , but no appetizers .
the food is mediocre at best .
very disappointed especially when you are hungry .
the place is under construction so very limited seating .
was very cold inside .
very dark lighting as most fixtures were missing .
holes in ceiling and walls torn apart .
there was only one other couple in the place .
food wasn't terrible but lacked flavor .
was just really weird !
looked exactly like mine except with spaghetti .
the lasagna had a nice cheesy toasted top .
avoid this place at all costs !
i really , really want to like this place .
server didn't seem to really know the menu .
she was polite , but a bit clueless .
bruschetta appetizer was nothing to be impressed by .
and the prime rib night was awesome .
it is absolute crap .
i never finished half of the plate .
im from nyc this place was definitely subpar .
didn't care for this place during my last visit .
overall rating : f .
every time it is unfriendly , hostile or dank .
specifically , the outdoor seating can make brunch unbearable .
lots of pastries and cakes , but nothing spectacular .
nothing special , just real chewy deep fried meat .
know what you are going to get .
wide assortment of items but quality lacking .
bacon and prime rib overcooked .
eggs benedict were decent .
needless to say we will never return .
i won't be back .
the service was also terrible .
that was a really frustrating experience .
i'm pretty sure our server was incompetent .
that makes me nuts because it's rude .
ok , no problem .
i just about lost my mind at this point !
i can not believe how disorganized this was .
was grossed out on sunday brunch .
i think the food is horribly average .
i've really never had worse food .
isn't that the entire job description of the hostess ?
side of vegetable was clearly a frozen vegetable mix .
clam chowder was watery and not as tasty .
first , it is a generously set buffet .
however , half of the food looks inedible .
there was no description .
the bacon was greasy and the sausages tasted old .
the turkey was all shaped the same .
it looked like they were processed pieces of meat .
the clam chowder looked old .
i did not even attempt .
there was not a single simple salad .
expensive food considering the poor quality .
my sandwich was dry and nearly overcooked .
this place is a total rip off .
the decor is awful !
the food was not good .
small diced flavorless chicken .
the mushrooms tasted like they're cooked in dirt .
i've given this place way too many chances .
my food has been meh to terrible .
the food has failed me too many times !
it is that bad .
the chairs are a little uncomfortable .
fool me once , shame on you .
fool me twice , shame on me .
the fries were lip greasy and mushy .
the bloody was bloody awful !
traditional supper club , outdated decor .
we also ordered cheese curds .
the service was very slow .
i was too mad to eat .
such a waste of money .
i won't go back .
unfortunately , our experience was terrible .
this was my worst dining experience ever .
i won't waste my time going back again .
not one employee engaged me in conversation .
pizza hut fails to deliver on all three aspects .
think ragu spaghetti sauce .
actually , that may be an insult to ragu .
the texture of the cheese is off as well .
old , dated and dirty .
i did not actually eat in the restaurant .
something always goes wrong !
we would not go back .
the chopped steak tasted like a bad burger .
waitress are not to personable .
when checking out the lady barely knew about groupon .
i ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs .
eggs came cold , steak was overcooked .
if i could give a zero , i would .
are you freaking kidding me ?
wasn't dried out , but sure wasn't good either .
don't promise what you can't deliver .
wish i could give this pizza pit zero stars .
i can't stress how poor the service is .
i let them know it was cold .
well , too bad for me !
but this place is garbage .
you do not need to eat at denny 's .
do you like a little food with your grease ?
unfortunately the whole process was awful .
we opened my business account with almost no problems .
i deposit them with mobile banking no problem .
i just opened my business the 1st of september .
no one cared at all .
i'm the customer , am i not ?
love jim 's but don gives horrible customer service .
i'm the customer , am i not ?
love jim 's but don gives horrible customer service .
ok , i really want to like this place .
there was a problem .
it was insulting and no one apologized .
i am not dumb .
my husband also drives my car .
don't worry , i did a service survey .
however , no one ever got back to me .
i did not get my brakes replaced here .
had two bad customer service experiences over the years .
so long story short .
i'm sure they must be short staffed .
needless to say , never again for me !
as in the past we found it consistently mediocre .
the cheesecake was probably the worst in memory .
spend your romantic evening elsewhere !
this place is a rip-off .
they charge high prices for low quality small portions .
the mashed potatoes were grey and lumpy .
we will not be going back .
i am unsure if i liked it or not .
- the service and the food was not .
needless to say , our evening at bellini sucked .
* price : too high .
i'll never visit this dump again .
their dishwasher apparently isn't working .
the food was good but an awful presentation .
this place is dismal .
the calamari was rubbery and cold .
the bruschetta was slimy and odd .
the garlic bread with cheese wasn't bad !
however , tonight was a terrible dining experience .
however , the drinks i had there were awful .
very sad , and it was so good .
ugh , the pressure !
life isn't that bad , kids .
it shouldn't be , especially at chipotle .
stopped at starbucks again .
save your money , and save yourself the aggravation .
the server proceeds to tell us the specials .
the waiter was rude .
, but encouraging people to spend their money elsewhere .
very busy and noisy on a football weekend .
food is quite average and service was very slow .
don't waste the calories here .
this place deserves a zero star rating .
my major problem with them is their management .
the bartender rudely said no and walked away .
i then screamed back my order again .
hire some bartenders who know how to treat people .
first off they are overpriced .
there was little that was subtle about the dish .
very disappointing meal there last weekend .
both dishes were really bland .
that made the dish and every bite interesting .
not one ounce of friendliness came from him .
no depth of flavor whatsoever .
they served bread and butter , which tasted like .
overly sweet and just gross .
why did this guy get an award ?
portions are ridiculously small because they are a taste .
the staff was super stiff and overly formal .
it just looked darker on the outside .
i'm bit disappointed on their produce qualities , too .
the crap is all overpriced nonsense anyway .
maybe i'm just not cool enough to shop there ?
which is exactly what i did tonight .
these people make whole foods look cheap .
in all honesty , i'm just not sold .
i walked in and no one greeted me .
the service is lacking .
i wouldn't ever go back here .
so i just walked out .
really awful experience here .
literally the worst haircut i've ever had .
it would take a total amateur to mess it .
avoid her and go anywhere else !
we went for friday fish fry tonight .
soup salads sandwiches and wraps .
the cole slaw was awful .
we went for friday fish fry tonight .
soup salads sandwiches and wraps .
the cole slaw was awful .
bouncer : really , for this place ?
like , seriously smelled like a toilet .
we couldn't believe how bad it was .
total waste of my money .
they were dead cheap , too .
the waitress didn't stop by .
i've been a waitress before .
no sauces for the bread .
probably would not go back though .
worst service in town .
don't expect good or even polite service .
i won't be back .
the plastic patio tables and chairs were ridiculous .
didn't care much for the food .
drinks i thought were overpriced .
this is a racist policy that people shouldn't support .
what the hell is that all about ?
they don't take credit cards .
what an utter disappointment .
the night got worse from there .
this place has a bad name .
i'm torn on my opinions of this place .
my chai was okay but weak .
deserts are not good .
clearly this situation is not my fault .
but by and large the content is kinda weak .
biased towards the left - the far left .
actually , she would have done a better job .
in the meantime , i'll try david 's .
the willy st locale feels a bit awkward .
i was very disappointed .
the service was friendly if not always attentive .
the rest was disappointing .
my companions ordered mango rundown tofu and jerk chicken .
overall , it was just kind of underwhelming .
probably won't be rushing back any time soon .
just don't seat me .
it wasn't as martin admitted fault in the matter .
this place sucks , i would never go back .
the worst gyro we ever had .
have you people ever tasted a gyro before ?
overall , nothing i'm very excited to try again .
i wish i could recommend a better gyro place !
service was fine , lunch rush was over .
in addition , the sauce is really tart .
otherwise , skip it .
" what the hell were we thinking ?
customer service is also not the best .
but i just can't give it two stars .
but man the food was overwhelmingly mediocre .
not good for quality gyro meat .
rather skimp on the meet than anything else .
pretty bland food all around .
no i'm sorry , nothing .
i will not be going back ever .
worst experience from start to finish .
no one greeted us at the door .
didn't care to mention that when ordering .
nothing like my parents remembered it to be .
beer battered fish fry .
no water , no follow-up , no nothing .
well , someone else 's bill .
all in all , a very disappointing visit .
worst mexican food i have had in madison .
food was a bit cold .
air conditioning not strong .
do not waste your time .
you can not beat the location .
chicken was good though .
the falafel sandwich was cold .
avoid , avoid , avoid .
turnaround seems to be pretty quick and efficient though .
plus the vegan lentil soup is a joke .
the exclusive company has a better cd selection .
go here only if you're looking for vinyl .
i would recommend elsewhere .
it was tuesday night only few tables occupied .
i wouldn't go there again .
totally a waste of money !
the food was small portioned and expensive and tasteless !
i wouldn't go back again .
food was good but service was lacking .
it definitely gave us a negative vibe .
sad to say i probably wont be back .
i won't be back .
the food was absolutely terrible .
it is just not worth the money any more .
but i did eat , and it wasn't good .
and i don't know why .
we were deeply disappointed .
i don't think i will eat the leftovers .
the lobster mac-n-cheese was way over cooked .
would not recommend this place .
i really miss mary the former bartender .
-the cold brew is a crap shoot .
it was hard as a rock .
this is the worst veterinarian in madison .
go somewhere else where the veterinarian cares !
the vet is rude and very unfriendly .
he is absolutely the worst veterinarian in madison .
i was expecting a lot better .
my omelet was sub-par though .
not enough cheese and overcooked .
the quiche was almonds and broccoli .
the burrito was sausage and potatoes .
bland is the best way to describe it .
they need a new recipe , i think .
it is ok for breakfast , but nothing special .
the food here is very bland .
i don't care for wheat bread .
nothing that even attempts to raise eyebrows .
i would just much rather eat somewhere else .
but i was soon disappointed .
my credit card didn't work either .
no , it wasn't : " hmmm .
not awful , but not memorable .
we were very disappointed .
the food was bland , the service terrible .
the crab cakes were awful .
the hash was awful .
the potatoes were burnt and the egg was overcooked .
i got sick almost immediately upon leaving the restaurant .
the only thing we shared were the crab cakes .
i will not go back .
this used to be a favorite since the 90s .
don't bother coming back ( again ) .
this restaurant is ridiculous .
what we did have , sucked .
bad food , bad service .
we will not be back .
i really don't understand what went wrong .
i am not kidding .
the wait staff was completely embarrassed .
not sure what it was , and don't care .
soup was okay but not terrific .
sandwich was on mushy wheat bread .
the deli meat leaves a lot to be desired .
i get much better turkey from my grocery store .
all in all a pretty ordinary experience .
but the sandwich i had was just awful .
eh , overpriced and kind of dirty .
this place is miserable .
for some items , i'm brand loyal .
no " public " restrooms for customers .
neither a plus or negative for me .
it's just that it can be so much better .
terrible , terrible food .
spicy level was disappointing .
don't think i'll be back .
portions also weren't great for the price .
i'm certainly no expert .
but the curry here is really runny .
i will not be going here again .
the wait staff were friendly and fairly attentive .
we left as quickly and politely as we could .
terrible service , the food was okay .
$ 10+ for bland pad thai and curries ?
the spice level was typical of americanized asian restaurants .
little meat or vegetables .
unfortunately , the food wasn't anything special .
why wouldn't ethiopian food sound exciting ?
it doesn't matter much which one you pick .
kinda gross , if you ask me .
so there , you earned yourself a second star .
really , i want to love it sooo badly .
very little lettuce and only a tomato on top .
the food came out and was also partially cold .
not in a bowl .
they would get the wrong impression .
avoid unless you are desperate .
more significantly , they simply weren't very flavorful .
food is bland and a bit dry .
i don't even know where to begin here .
i wasn't impressed with wasabi .
i probably won't go back .
sushi rolls were relatively small and overpriced .
the teriyaki chicken lacked teriyaki .
the rest of the food was only sub par .
worst seaweed ever seen .
worst miso soup ever seen .
bad nigiri and roll .
i don't understand why they do this .
the food was unimpressive , lacking flavor and freshness .
no pool this weekend .
if i could give no stars i would .
first off , our sink didn't drain .
fourth , nothing is complimentary .
no free coffee , no free continental breakfast .
that is not the way to treat customers .
the food is one small notch above horrible .
as for service , it was just o.k .
there are so many better places in madison .
we walked the main street going toward campus .
the lunch service sucked on a sunday afternoon .
free popcorn , cheap food , decent service .
they smelled terrible , some of them looked terrible .
however , i am just not impressed .
it was pretty damn gross .
blah , not so good .
cheese curds were less than stellar .
the brats were ok .
and he tries to play dumb .
state street brats sucks .
the food is gross .
neither of the items tasted any better .
unless your a cute guy .
no way i'd return .
what the hell is this place ?
it is not a restaurant .
it's more like a cafeteria with a bar .
beer has a way of confusing people .
there 's no value in them .
i'm not taking home silver , ok ?
it's obviously not good .
there are better basic bars .
what i got was a big disappointment .
even my soda was flat !
mold with a side of bad service !
would not suggest going here for food to anyone .
only ate it because i paid for it .
food was terrible , even their specialty , brats !
fries were awful , cheese curds were tasteless .
bouncer told me to leave .
manager is very rude .
really awful customer service .
this is not a place i'd try again !
pot stickers and pad thai noodles .
it was just a poor meal experience .
and that puts me off my food .
singapore noodles were a total waste .
very disappointing and pricey as well .
this was a bad experience all around .
i really , really wanted to like this place .
be very careful ordering here .
it doesn't say that on the menu .
this place is nothing more than a haircut factory .
however , it's a bit pricey .
this time , it was another staff there .
but it's ridiculous here .
you don't wan na bother these guys .
he wasn't even particularly nice about it .
so there was no way to keep it fresh .
i could barely tell that it was rice .
probably will not return .
man , what terrible and rude service .
service was truly sad .
all said , won't be going back .
this place is hit or miss .
they were incredibly rude about it too .
probably won't go there again .
we actually didn't experience this when we went .
as for the food , my opinions are mixed .
on the one hand , the food wasn't bad .
overall , i wouldn't come here again .
won't have to worry about ever seating me again .
don't order delivery unless you're downtown .
not worth the hassle .
she didn't refill our water at all .
it's always too salty and overpowering in flavor .
that was extremely disappointing .
rude , racist , dark .
homeless old men grabbing at my date .
this place is where comedy goes to die .
the food was flavorless and the vegetables were limp .
do not eat here .
too bad you can't hand out no stars .
i wouldn't eat here again .
the only thing worth mentioning were the potato pockets .
awful pad thai , below average customer service .
yeah waitress lady , there is something else .
is that too much to ask ?
the service was bad an slow .
there was a small coffee bar , too .
went down to try this restaurant .
seriously disappointing experience at this restaurant .
the service was terribly slow .
we were pretty disappointed .
boy oh boy was i wrong !
my chicken was bland and had a weird texture .
the food may or may not be good .
salad is decent , bread is tasteless .
this is another store that is so dated .
there is nothing unique at all about this store .
i am not eager to ever return .
smells like a dirty locker room .
the bar tenders are rude .
if you go there do not use them .
only good thing is that music isn't overly loud .
worst customer service ever !
i highly do not recommend this place .
worst service and a shit hole .
you really are not given the option otherwise .
the entire place smells like a bathroom .
turns out it's not .
they also used way too much sweet n sour .
too much sweet n sour .
it is a huge hole with pool and darts .
i don't even know where to begin .
this is where dreams go to die .
smells like stale urine .
pretty standard bar , not enough seating to relax .
mmmm , supposedly homemade pastries !
just not good espresso drinks .
the wife 's chai tea latte was nothing special .
the food , however , tasted synthetic .
the breading was soggy and the taste was bland .
nothing to write home about .
the entree , however , was aweful .
not just bad , cheap catered wedding banquet bad .
the entire thing was a sloppy mess .
our sangria was literally 1/3 water .
it seems very outdated .
our meal was brought out quickly after that .
it's not incredibly vegetarian friendly for an italian restaurant .
i won't go back .
but i couldn't get past the other issues .
just not a fan .
as if pasta and sauce are hard to prepare .
the mushrooms left much more to be desired .
this meal was mostly bland really .
the second course was even worse .
save your money for olive garden .
our waitress was friendly but completely clueless .
i went on a monday for lunch .
the service was awful .
our main courses were awful .
the whole experience was just plain awful .
it was hot inside .
something must have been wrong with the hvac .
it's american italian and its worse than olive gardens .
service was really slow .
pasta was not cooked al dente and was flavorless .
such terrible food at an otherwise beautifully decorated restaurant .
the service was slow and not the greatest .
they also will not go back .
my stuffed sole over pasta was disappointing .
the fish was overcooked .
my boyfriend ordered a steak with stuffed shrimp .
olive garden may be a better pick .
the spaghetti also a ragu level disaster .
terrible red and white wines .
not bad , but nothing special .
he was given no support whatsoever .
horrible service , rude waitresses .
i hate to admit that everything here were overrated .
for appetizer , i had the escargot .
it was okay but not very special .
she did not even have a name tag .
worst place i have ever been to .
what kind of people own this place ?
brandy old fashioned was a work if art .
salad was great , but steak was completely forgettable .
late night servers were really unprofessional .
terrible service at a recent visit .
and we're like ok no problem .
then we saw the empty tables outside as well .
the salmon i had was too greasy .
each bite was a bit harder then the last .
we got none of these things .
so i can't comment on the food .
the really upsetting factor was the service .
there were never apologies from the server .
she didn't explain why that wasn't on the menu .
our server ignored our table the entire time .
what did disappoint was the service .
very dim lighting , tiny dining area .
new york strip wasn't anything impressive for its cost .
my mom ordered the salmon and was equally disappointed .
bread was ok and bland .
steak fries were cold and bland .
this place just didn't make the cut .
not worth the cost .
however ; another disappointing evening at tornado 's .
even the caesar was off .
didn't even order food the experience was so bad .
so here 's me following through with my promise .
hmmm not very friendly .
the cuisine is neither authentic or unique .
avoid at all costs .
mediocre food with not so great staff .
this place is also horrible at dealing with groups .
the service was really terrible .
went for dinner passing thru town in january .
the salmon was way , i mean way overcooked .
the guac was not particularly spicy .
lots of food but the quality is not wonderful .
even the tortilla chips were bland .
hands down worst " mexican " food ever .
he didn't seem to mind .
possibly the worst service i've ever had in madison .
i've often had to wait quite awhile for waitstaff .
ordered a beer and a buddy ordered some chips .
bad form , guys .
holy crap was this place awful .
not a good quality for a grain .
pretty bad food but a nice ambiance sitting outside .
deep fried tilapia in flour tortillas .
don't waste your money .
the food is not good .
food was not good at all .
the beans and rice were bland .
it was a hot mess .
still , i'd never come here again .
our server wasn't very friendly .
i also ordered guacamole and was very disappointed .
the waitress never refilled our chips .
i needed something to wash down the dry enchilada .
the food , however , is awful .
but there 's no spice and it's soggy .
it's not because of the service .
let me tell you worst experience ever !
so just all around don't do it .
even for state street the food is gross !
spices that don't agree with me ?
even the fries disappointed me .
bad food and slow service .
problem is the way they do business .
only food here though .
seriously , take that shit off your menu .
no apologies at all from the staff either .
not worth the wait .
i saw it listed nowhere on the menu !
mediocre , expensive food and rude staff .
i'm no longer a fan .
burgers way over cooked and overpriced .
the place was only half full .
the service outside is terrible !
we ate and left as soon as we could .
very overpriced and completely blah .
when the person responded she was quite rude .
that is not what i did .
this woman then proceeded to yell at me .
this caused me to miss an important bday party !
do you have to badger badger cab to arrive ?
person answers the phone .
bc : how many people ?
me : just me .
i had a very frustrating experience with badger cab .
badger cab is a mixed bag .
i've never really had a " bad " driver .
not worth the savings .
tonight , i called them twice .
i will never use this poor taxi service again !
the drivers and extremely rude and extremely unfriendly .
shady , shady business .
worst cab service ever !
unbelievable bad customer service !
don't ever trust badger cab again !
go with union cab .
that 's some nasty stuff .
overpriced drinks served by lousy inept bartenders .
walked in here on a pub crawl around madison .
but can't complain about the drink prices .
saw a few dead bugs not really my taste .
the potatoes are only ok .
the new servers are super rude and really aggressive .
if all tables are full , wait outside .
what a joke this restaurant is .
the portion of it is too small and pricy .
i visited the restaurant during my trip to madison .
yet i wish service would be better .
but the worst part of our visit was hygiene !
how gross is that ?
it was also very dirty around .
this place needs some serious cleaning !
the food is lacking flavor .
soup was pretty bland and not particularly flavorful .
both chicken and lamb dishes were equally unimpressive .
either way they handled it terribly .
and the service was lacking .
i wish i had sent the plate back .
i will not be back .
food is good , but service is awful .
do not listen to obviously fake posts .
we were now left with no options .
the ambience was hence not that good .
the waiters were friendly though .
seems too limited to me .
unfortunately i was not very impressed .
i don't see the need to ever come back .
complete waste of money .
basically nothing dinosaur themed there .
staff attending my party were inattentive .
i guess i was expecting a very different experience .
basically , this place is a giant playground .
small sized , not that tasty .
i would not go back .
this was the worst !
oh and soggy fries .
no lettuce , no nothing .
i'm so sick of getting ripped off on delivery !
i was somewhat impressed when i first walked in .
no such thing as waitstaff .
i know hipsters , and they're not like this .
don't come here ; it ain't worth it .
which is okay but could be done better .
not good crackers - just salad bar variety crackers .
they don't deserve one star .
worst management company ever !
total jerks when you call .
entered apartment and showed apartment without notice , illegal !
my only hope for them , karma !
if you don't , find a different rental company .
their emails are rude and unprofessional .
if you don't , find a different rental company .
their emails are rude and unprofessional .
they ultimately tried to steal our security deposit .
bad bad customer service .
don't feel welcome here .
but i don't like it .
i don't even like this pizza when i'm drunk .
this is not ny pizza .
was really disappointed in this joint .
hire a service for that fish tank .
i can not recommend .
the main reason we didn't eat there .
there was nobody in the restaurant .
no host , no customers , nobody .
horrific customer service and awful rental company .
they have an excuse for everything .
i would not even recommend parking in their lots .
there are never enough spaces .
avoid at all costs !
i wish i could give them negative stars .
the worst customer service ever .
however , rent was cheap .
the move in day was a disaster .
they were quite filthy .
worst property management ever .
so i gave up trying .
three weeks passed and i didn't receive anything .
it's a rip-off for a simple passport photo .
a pretty nasty little walgreens .
i ate about half of it and left hungry .
just overall an unpleasant experience .
i was extremely unimpressed with the service at octopus .
she apologized and then charge me another four dollars .
no further car washes .
this is not acceptable .
the books are often ridiculously overpriced .
apparently , this is not true .
the owner was standing right there and offered nothing .
the bathtub also did not drain properly .
the room had a musty odor .
the bed was lumpy .
the sheets didn't look white and pressed .
the bathroom was very outdated .
avoid this hotel if you can .
the price wasn't half bad for the location .
these are n't good enough for you ?
my internet doesn't work in my room .
my tv remote is broken .
i don't have that much power !
she was generally friendly , though .
small building , that makes sense .
sorry , no deal .
it was initially flat when they put it on .
i did not really care for the manager .
the bathroom was gross .
it wasn't " historical " or " antique " .
i got tired of waiting and left .
and , the dessert was gone at 10pm .
two days later , i triple check online .
i hear nothing from her again .
she calls me back , leaves a voicemail .
this is completely unacceptable !
my room was no better .
ancient decor , funky smells .
the only nice thing was the size .
the shower was adequate but had low pressure .
personally i wouldn't recommend it for the price .
no bottled water in the room .
bathroom not clean enough .
no in room safe .
no newspaper as promised .
totally ridiculous method of keeping regular customers happy .
what a waste of money .
long story short don't shop at rainbow .
i was disappointed with my mac n ' cheese .
this is not good food , people .
was trying to make this difficult for me .
after that it was pretty much downhill .
ordered the thai soup there was barely any broth .
avoid at all costs .
talk about a disaster .
we then proceeded to get our sodas .
i had to go downstairs to get our drinks .
i won't be going back .
no ricotta and too sparse a layer of cheese .
the garlic bread was soggy with butter and tasteless .
my husband ordered an italian sausage sub .
there was no sauce on the sandwich .
the eggplant was not breaded or fried .
they were so salty that they were inedible .
the sauce was passable but why bother ?
it's hard to find good italian food in madison .
do not buy the house red wine .
it didn't even come with pasta .
will not go back .
the service was slow , slow , slow .
it was literally dripping off the noodles .
my mother-in-law got the chicken parm .
stay away from jiffy lube !
no one even acknowledged the inconvenience of the wait .
went for lunch - service was slow .
waitress wasn't especially friendly , but wasn't rude either .
no no no no no .
it didn't taste like fresh perch .
coleslaw was too vinegary .
sourdough roll was too frozen .
tartar sauce was all mayonnaise .
because half of madison is there every friday night .
they won't be hurting for business any time soon .
it's decent but too costly for the quality .
the place always seems crowded .
i wasn't impressed by the fish fry .
i've been here a few times .
hot , gooey , greasy .
- our second order of cheese curds .
and were rather cold .
other servers were not .
the verdict : not so great .
been to a bar/restaurant before ?
never did get to taste the food .
old wisconsin supper club .
very greasy fish and mushy fries .
the food is very mediocre .
i was very dissapointed with the avenue bar .
the dinner was a waste of money .
unfortunately we will not go back .
it was just today , it seemed off .
the prices went up portions down .
it was boiled cod .
the worst i've ever had .
the slowest pizza delivery company !
extremely arrogant on the phone .
avoid if you can !
unfortunately johnny d 's has gone downhill .
the garlic mashed potatoes were watery .
she could have cared less .
what a lousy way to celebrate a birthday dinner .
like i said we won't be going back .
and the dining room is still not that busy .
more waiting , appetizers arrive .
minutes later , our entres arrive .
my steak was over cooked and dry .
they were dry , tasteless and cold .
the hashbrowns were also cold .
the chocolate cake was unremarkable .
the meat was tough and not very flavorful .
on a recent business dinner the food was terrible !
we started with crab cakes that were bland .
really , for lunch ?
instead , he gets a cheeseburger with some lettuce .
no flavor , absolutely no flavor .
overall , an incredibly disappointing experience all around .
service was friendly but bad .
the scallops were cold and under cooked .
the selection of quality beers is extremely limited .
the service was horrible .
which sucks by the way .
didn't madison already have a perfectly fine civic center ?
not a good place to see live music .
has the ambience of a cheap bar .
not really my thing .
as she walked away .
won't be coming back .
i wasn't especially impressed by the atmosphere .
no customers should be treated this way .
sure , it's not my favorite bar in madison .
that 's reasonable , isn't it ?
fun atmosphere , bad coffee , greasy food .
some are very nice but inept .
some are terribly rude .
i visit here nearly weekly with a group .
none of that matters much right ?
well it wouldn't if the food was superb .
the place is mediocre at best .
my over easy eggs were simply just gross .
they were really watery and completely inedible .
terrible bar service due to lack of staffing .
the focaccia has even been replaced with rye bread .
and i miss it .
more importantly , the food was highly disappointing .
why would you serve duck fat ?
probably never going there again .
not all that fresh .
this coffee is absolute shit .
sorry guys , i need my caffeine fix .
too bad the espresso tastes watered down and stale .
the bakery is overpriced and ( again ) stale .
tables are cramped and the wi-fi is terrible .
i've never been very impressed .
i was really dissapointed by espresso royale .
it didn't even taste like chocolate .
it was really light too .
it tasted like nothing .
my boyfriend 's latte was mediocre at best .
it's like they simply stopped caring .
atmosphere : bland and corporate .
she never smiles or says hello .
usually a short " what would you like ? "
walls and furniture were in rough shape .
staff was competent , but was not enthusiastic .
maybe i'm just missing the boat here .
the bread was not noticeably different from subway 's .
first of all , the service was terrible .
i didn't even get an apology for the wait .
the better business bureau should look into this scam .
the food wasn't really all of that either .
the potatoes weren't even that good .
i couldn't believe what i was seeing .
oh wait , i know !
moving on to the wrap made things even worse .
are you kidding me ?
other times the service is surly and unpleasant .
better sushi in other places in madison .
i was very disappointed in this restaurant .
worst sushi experience of my life !
this last time was horrific .
poor food and poor service !
i'm never coming back again .
their service never disappoints .
worst fish we've ever eaten .
more importantly the philly roll i ordered was horrible .
the spider roll was sloppy .
all in all , don't order delivery .
all we cared about was not getting food poisoning .
i just had sashimi which was very underwhelming .
have had much better elsewhere .
it's by no means a japanese restaurant .
i am so disappointed by it .
the service was slow - real slow .
i thought this couldn't be too bad .
i have never had really bad japanese food before .
will not come back .
the service was terrible !
the service at times is surly and confusing .
pizza di roma is terrible .
their appetizers and entrees are pretty bad too .
terrible , awful sandwiches .
what i received was such a disappointment .
plus the food is kind of gross anyway .
the delivery driver was offensive and challenged .
his poor attitude was the worst part .
i'm not sure i can try the place again .
my pizza slice was extremely soggy .
my caesar salad was just as bad .
the dressing was very thin and watery .
he threw out his chicken linguine .
never have i had such a horrible experience .
small business owner was incredibly rude .
how do you rate zero stars ?
so rude with the response too .
pizza is great but the staff is horrible .
what a lame place .
check it out for yourself , though .
i didn't come away too impressed .
the black beans were bland , the rice forgettable .
somehow none of the other waitstaff noticed us either .
by the way , the margaritas were weak .
the service is slow and disappointing .
would not go back .
this makes no sense to me at all .
that being said , i would not be returning .
food just wasn't good .
beans were bland and rice overcooked .
their chicken enchiladas are disgusting .
over priced , food was less than fair tasting .
sorry i don't buy into free chips and salsa .
however i have n't found many friendly tellers there .
first time , my eggs were way overcooked .
but we left the restaurant very disappointed .
one of the worst meals i've had in madison .
and i will not be patronizing their business anymore .
me : " oh , that 's terrible . "
he refunded the money , but wasn't apologetic .
hopefully sales staff will be better informed .
so i can only assume katie thinks i'm lying .
sorry to say , i've had better pedicures .
i won't get a pedicure here again .
so instead i ordered a hot tea .
one clam chowder soup , appetizers and crab legs .
otherwise , choose another seafood place .
not a good sign .
maybe we should have just stuck with those ?
i thought the menu was boring and very limited .
we wouldn't go back and would not recommend it .
very , very poor .
seriously , run away from this place .
i'll skip it in the future .
this place was just gross .
this is also why i went back several times .
my bad for not saying ice , i guess .
what i do fault them for is the atmosphere .
absolutely no seasoning or flavor on the sauces .
was an overall drag of an experience .
our meal was disgusting !
the portion size wasn't worth that price i paid .
thank goodness it was no my order .
this food is not italian .
the pasta was fine .
the calamari was tasteless .
from the exterior , the place doesn't look bad .
but the food was only subpar .
service : in a word , slow .
you could tell he was not happy .
so he left to get our drinks .
the manager apologized and said it was not acceptable .
clearly the management had n't to this point .
the food wasn't terrible but it wasn't anything special .
had dinner there tonight .
the bread was hard and cold .
the waiter was not attentive at all .
i would not recommend this resturant .
and the wifi did not work well .
however , rude service .
the latte was better than expected .
the muffin , however , was terrible .
service was pretty slow considering how empty it was .
our room shook it was so loud .
beyond the volume , the internet is slow .
for you , maybe this just isn't an issue .
venue needs to be cleaner .
only sheets are replaced per person per stay .
i went in with a rear flat .
don't bother shopping here .
the cashiers just seemed lazy and bored .
a severe rip off !
chin 's fails in all three areas .
i ordered the pad thai with chicken .
service was rough and slow for the product .
first big negative - who runs out of sausage ?
only problem is that is all i tasted .
so why such a low rating ?
i really hated the set up .
overall , it was just very odd .
you don't go to this place for the food .
better luck for the next guy !
not kid friendly food .
potatoes are not good .
i felt more like an inconvenience then a customer .
i would recommend mcdonald 's before marigold kitchen .
i will not be returning .
cashier was rude and unhelpful .
great food or not won't be returning .
no thanks not again .
very disappointed by their treatment and disregard for customers .
if you want a terrible dining experience go here .
otherwise , avoid at all cost .
only the potatoes were tasty .
the duck confit hash looked greasy and disgusting .
the hash only came with greens , no toast .
it was horrible and he didn't even finish half .
bacon was soggy and portions were small .
was excited to try this place .
it was not great , though .
the white of the egg was not even done .
we also got a short stack of blueberry pancakes .
way too expensive for what we got .
so , i suggest going elsewhere , really .
sigh , so many inexperienced pizza eaters here .
really , 4-5 stars ?
this is crap pizza by chicago standards .
quite frankly , i don't get the hype .
glass nickel , though ?
it's all chew and no crunch .
he treated me as if i owed them money !
he was quite rude and refused to move .
it's the only place in town that carries them .
i was not greeted when i check out either .
that is unfriendly and even rude .
stay away - expensive and awful customer service !
however , the prices are outrageous .
my suit was not cleaned completely .
but they don't have a solution for it .
rude , expensive and horrible cleaning !
he's the worst to everyone .
i could walk there faster than that .
however , this location has pretty slow service .
makes me wonder if its new staff on training ?
so far , not a good start !
nice ghetto touch , and no tip for you !
it doesn't end there .
here 's an update on my disaster from saturday !
jimmy john 's representative contacted me earlier today !
so far , not a good start !
nice ghetto touch , and no tip for you !
it doesn't end there .
i've not gone back since .
another hour goes by , no sub .
this store has absolute worst service .
the options on the menu are somewhat limited .
it should be more like $ $ for price .
this was our first and only visit .
some of our food was cold .
i do not recommend this place .
i won't be back .
it was a disappointing experience .
i won't be back .
however , this morning , it disappointed me .
which was unnecessary and rude in my opinion .
there are better places to get breakfast in madison .
i will not be going back .
horrible experience with mike on more than one occasion .
you have no pity at all .
awesome beer but veggie burger tastes nasty .
ill be back then !
burger is ok but definitely not worth the hype .
the whole place could use an update .
bad cheese curds mediocre burgers .
bad cheese curds mediocre burgers .
a little disappointed here !
i should have taken a pic of the sandwich .
but losing the original box is careless and sloppy .
i am not happy about writing a negative review .
have i mentioned its not worth the price ?
go elsewhere for a steak experience .
i have to say , i don't get it .
and table salt and table pepper ?
i won't be coming back .
so my fault there .
the hash browns were the biggest disappointment though .
i have to say it was a big disappointment !
we won't be going back .
possible my biggest dining disappointment ever .
the meat was not seasoned and was bland .
the waiter was horrible !
just nothing but a jerk and not helpful .
anyway , the steak needed salt !
the walleye , fried , was pretty awesome though .
if you go , check those things out .
otherwise , don't waste your time .
it sad , too .
drinks were good but very pricy .
the onion ring appetizer was also flavorless .
hard to make onions flavorless but they were .
also very bland and greasy .
my husband 's prime rib was mostly fat .
a very mediocre dinner earlier this evening .
a very poor way to start an evening .
the evening was not much better after that .
the bread in the basket was stale and hard .
waiter response , same perch as we always serve .
my walleye was tasteless .
guy was rude and had zero patience !
don't bring you car here !
so i will be taking my business elsewhere .
never had any problems before .
i find it unethical and dishonest .
but they got greedy .
the staff totally sucks .
like , omg , don't live here .
its not worth it .
the staff at this whole foods is unprofessional .
and the prepared food is typically awful .
the mac & cheese is watery .
not a place i'll frequent anymore .
except maybe for the chocolate chip cookies .
i'm not a big fan .
oh well , not worth returning for the contest .
it was flat out terrible .
their bathroom is disgusting !
they seem to not want to deal with customers .
i will not be back .
could i check out in peace ?
giving me misleading information , and b .
what is this mess ?
no one seemed to notice or care .
i avoid this location at all times .
worth mentioning because it takes entirely too long .
cheap , tasty , and vegetarian options .
the worst experience at a spa ever .
the haircut was good but the coloring was awful .
will not be returning .
then i'm running late somewhere and stop .
a few mornings ago i walk in .
however , this same employee has been terrible before .
and you shouldn't go there either .
what a crappy , crappy business .
the positive reviews for this place are entirely misleading .
this is in no way authentic chinese food .
very disappointed in takeout dinners this evening .
chicken in the curry chicken fried rice was undercooked .
needless to say , i wasn't thrilled .
and our service just sucked .
the service was wicked slow .
anyway -- totally weird service .
honesty , it was terrible .
i would not recommend this place to a friend .
no customer service skills .
i did not receive a call back .
no big deal - i'm here for the food .
the food was great but the service was awful .
don't reserve your table online .
go elsewhere do not waste your time eating here .
i don't understand the hype about this place .
maybe it was just an error .
my palate isn't that sophisticated , i guess .
wow , i was kinda disappointed with this place .
hubby , curry duck .
my dish wasn't spicy at all .
bad service , mediocre food at best .
i know you can do better .
because of that i thought i hated thai food .
it wasn't thai food 's fault .
i requested to have rice with this instead .
they were apologetic and offered to redo the order .
it gets worse every week .
the waiting 's not over .
it was beyond ridiculous how inattentive she was .
a lot of dishes are almost flavorless .
like others have mentioned their curries are almost embarrassing .
the guy on the phone didn't even apologize .
i've eaten here before and the food is average .
a customer should never experience that .
overpriced and really not great .
but the service was horrible .
i was disappointed in my food tonight .
the pad thai is not good here .
the takeout estimates were also way off .
do not order delivery from this restaurant .
last visit here left much to be desired .
this is really not a good thai restaurant .
so maybe i don't have the taste for this .
really really cold bibimbap .
do not eat here .
this place is not very good .
kimchi pancake was not good at all .
not what i'm used to , but still acceptable .
the banchan was below average as well .
because the front office staff has an attitude problem .
the wound closed up but never healed .
no luck so i sat down .
the salesperson i had today was so rude .
i genuinely hate this store .
we had a horrible experience at the store .
it was that bad !
our sever was horrible and lacked people skills .
and i would not recommend anyone to go there !
i wish i could give a negative rating !
this place i would not recommend ever .
the drive-through staffs are unbelievably stupid .
this location doesn't get that concept .
avoid at all costs !
i purchased a groupon for a shellac manicure .
she didn't even file my nails .
i would give this walgreens zero stars if possible .
that said -- it was cheap .
what i got : plain bone wings .
i've had better pizza at chuck e cheese 's .
but will never make this mistake again !
my food wasn't good .
that should have been my first sign to leave .
i don't believe i will ever ever return .
didn't come back out to clean tables .
there was hardly any pesto .
this place is very dirty !
but the service is bad .
they did not bring me a side salad .
another classic example of an overrated and overpriced restaurant .
i've tried it twice and will not be back .
food was very mediocre .
overall , not a good experience .
food is good but the wifi is horrible .
yup plain cream cheese .
panera sucks , but this panera really sucks .
salad was lackluster to begin with .
tables not wiped down .
the staff here seemed very stuck up to me .
not something i really want to think about .
the other instructors were great .
i do not recommend this place for lunch .
food - a waste of money .
i wish i could get a refund .
it tasted like bitter vinegary dish water .
we have n't eaten here in awhile .
unfortunately i can't rave about it this time .
today it was more like coleslaw , very disappointing .
we won't be wasting time or money here again .
one said her latte was bad .
another said his earl grey tea was weak .
the smoked salmon benedict is drenched in hollandaise .
the crust is too much like cardboard for me .
and the ingredients are really , really cheap .
after waiting for a time , i walked out .
i couldn't believe how rude they were .
the desserts were also very disappointing .
all-in-all i'm pretty disappointed .
there goes another star .
in past visits , we've had the thin crust .
i think rosati 's does this much better .
nothing on the vegetarian pizza .
i would not recommend this pizza place .
the manager did nothing to remedy the situation .
the food is of poor quality .
the crust is close to cardboard .
the salad did not taste good .
life 's too short to eat mediocre pizza .
both offerings were exceptionally mediocre .
cheese curds also came with no sauce .
first time ordering through rosati 's .
the delivery went ok , no complaints there .
probably will not order from rosati 's again .
this is the second time we've been disappointed .
the crust was soggy and had little flavor .
apparently the lasagna was ok , he ate that .
i emailed the contact twice - no reply .
this is horrible work ethic .
the baked potato tasted dry and leftover .
food was bland an uninspired .
the kitchen and management could do a lot better .
probably will not go here again for dinner .
too bad because we do like the place overall .
combine this with extremely mediocre service .
we will not be back .
no one ever did so we left .
my husband asked why we didn't get any bread .
not sure we need to go back .
espresso tastes average , like a starbucks .
that just seems insane .
i'm sad to say they have lost my business .
total joke of a doctor .
the quality control is not there .
it drives my totally crazy .
do not give michael 's frozen custard your business !
they are n't there .
might i suggest go elsewhere ?
this place is extremely expensive .
they ride that thin like between decadent and disgusting .
the atmosphere was noisy and industrial .
update : the chocolate cake was bomb .
changing servers in the middle of a meal service .
i mean , how could both meals be bad ?
i won't be going back .
sadly , not for me .
high expectations , complete disappointment .
way too expensive for the poor quality of food .
my salad was plain .
not a awful experience , but not very good .
would not give 2nd try .
this place really disappointed me .
only the soups arrived .
it wasn't particularly warm , however .
that couldn't even be bothered to have happened .
it was beyond gross .
we didn't finish the cake .
i simply don't understand why .
it just wasn't good .
have eaten here several times before .
bottom line is that the place is filthy .
we had heard great things but were pretty disappointed .
the over-cooked burger was beyond plain .
overall a quite boring lunch .
personally , it's not for me .
its offerings for vegetarians are limited .
service can be good to fairly awful .
i was incredibly disappointed .
the food was horrible .
i ordered french toast with berries on sourdough bread .
horrible food and expensive for what it is .
my husband ordered scramble eggs which looked horrible also .
will not go there again .
newly remodeled , although still ugly .
meanwhile , we ate the mashed potatoes and broccoli .
with that said , what a boring side .
they were so dry .
just pass on this place .
dinner was fine , but underwhelming .
they were fine , but nothing special .
dry and flavorless is a better description .
was extremely unimpressed with the food and atmosphere .
not worth the wait .
most recently , i had an eggs benedict .
overall quite disappointing for me .
not a big deal , just curious .
by this time my beverage was empty .
some cold , some burned , some just fine .
same went for the entrees and deserts .
food is ok , not more than that .
i explained to him that this is bad .
there 's no excuse for dirty dishes and silverware !
don't let the interesting menu fool you .
however , i left there hungry .
don't rent from these people .
that 's when they made a bad problem worse .
she's not a plumber .
she shouldn't have to diagnosis a plumbing problem .
i wish i were exaggerating .
and in the end i leave without a purchase .
i was in search of a particular color .
however , the friend didn't want the book .
it's not that unusual for gifts to be returned .
sales staff seemed put out by my questions .
we stayed there once and never , ever again .
nope - nada for the customer .
breakfast isn't served until 8:30 a.m. !
it was too small .
this place just sucks .
this place is mediocre at best .
to be fair , i only order burritos .
i was so disappointed .
but they charge way too much .
the only decent thing was the beer .
seriously , i'm starting to feel ripped off !
i would not go back to this location .
not my cup of tea .
not big on flavor .
i wouldn't recommend it !
i had the enchilada plate and it was disgusting .
the enchilada was cold and tasted like mush .
i could not even finish half of my plate .
well , the food was awful .
by the way , they don't have ground beef ?
there should be no charge for chips and salsa .
i've had two bad experiences here .
rice and beans were very cold .
the food was mediocre .
we wiped as much as we could off .
i couldn't taste the jerk .
the side rice was overly chili powdered and inedible .
unfortunately , the food was really nothing special .
the food was average , nothing stuck out .
the rice was over seasoned and dry .
rosati 's - cardboard ( and expensive ) .
so i had to try this pizza .
it was ok - not impressed .
the service was pretty good .
they do not deliver only pick up service .
thin , cardboard like crust .
greasy , so greasy .
absolutely would not recommend .
i suspect because too much product was applied .
i was told no problem .
i didn't , because surprise !
not even real stones .
needless to say we will not be back .
i would not give them my money again .
don't waste your time and $ !
over all a really terrible experience .
a waste of time and money .
just everything is bad and needs to be replaced .
after this experience i would not pick him again .
so i left empty handed .
but he didn't want to help me out .
ok , get to digging .
we were very disappointed with his response and attitude .
we wish them luck .
spend your money elsewhere .
i don't like this place too much .
the energy felt a little weird .
maybe the food is just , eh !
there was no kebab .
the service was bad .
spend your money somewhere else .
that is the only good thing about this place .
however , their prices are through the roof .
too much of a hustle .
i then received the worst paint job ever .
really bad place in madison !
i was very disappointed .
gel polish is not for everyone .
service was horrible and food was just ok .
will not make that mistake again .
this was a horrible place to eat .
it looks like it is , a hotel restaurant .
first off , they screwed up our reservation .
not worthy of the time , money or calories .
the restaurant smells like an assisted living facility .
all three meals where all right but not amazing .
the chicken parmesan marinara sauce was very bland .
i would skip this restaurant .
no one seemed incredibly amazed by it .
i left feeling heavy with greasy food .
i also tried one of the almond butter cookies .
will not be returning !
both the eggs and crust were really soggy .
living under a bridge would be better .
should be negative stars .
skip the trip to west side next time .
it is very long in the tooth .
the only bell is in the meat section .
there is never anyone in the meat department .
no one is there .
it takes way too long to get help .
worst grocery store in memory .
disappointing for money you pay .
avoid if you can .
we are not going back .
and portion size considerably reduced .
half order of frozen overcooked onion rings , yuck .
lousy service as well .
someone please message me when they do .
nope , don't have that one either .
the burgers are n't terribly big or meaty .
the place was pretty busy on sunday .
but otherwise , no , not that great .
just kind of uncomfortable .
it doesn't have a lot of room .
there was nothing that was inviting about the place .
then the bar runs along the back .
the bar server never even smiled .
do not go to this " salon . "
do not go here for coloring .
b ) our waitress was non-existent !
she did not seem okay with it . )
nothing had been salted whatsoever .
many places do hash browns better .
again , they really needed salt & pepper .
the quality doesn't meet up to the price .
i have been sick ever since i ate there .
in fact , just do not go there .
my husband ordered the roasted garlic sirloin .
the chips were hot which was a big plus .
place was kind of dirty .
meh meh meh meh meh .
extremely long waiting , poor service and grumpy waitress .
i was disappointed here .
did someone or something die in the corner ?
should be worst cleaners !
it's hit or miss .
umm , yeah weird but ok .
it was not good pizza .
you are better off purchasing a frozen pizza .
barely any cheese as well .
however this location is a disappointment to the brand .
the place is dated and dirty .
will never return to this location .
not worth the money .
this was my first and only visit .
i have never encountered such rude , unprofessional staff .
they seem to be higher than anyone else .
that wasn't meant as a compliment .
i'm not sure what that means .
why someone would do this is beyond me .
no one asked if i was ok .
can we say trailer trash ?
probably won't order from them again .
not sure how this place is rated so highly .
only been once , don't plan to go back .
the pork was just bad .
avoid this place at all costs .
lasted just shy of two weeks .
the salon is badly in need of updating .
couldn't have been a worse experience .
and my mom couldn't even get hers done .
my shellac only lasted about a week .
i gave my dog the rest .
our experience was so terrible .
but you should get what you pay for .
the staff was rude and shady .
there was bird poop on and near the court .
now , the space itself is nothing special .
i really disliked my visit to this dollar tree .
no cash back , no gift card .
chicken mix comes with green pepper and onion .
burgers are ok , but nothing special .
however , the food and prices could be improved .
what stands out are the cheese curds .
it was a tropical , pineapple cake .
the frosting was not thick and creamy .
it had no real flavor .
there was no strong punch of flavor .
underwhelming , the food was just not good .
it was flavorless and lacked passion .
service was very slow . )
my pasta dish was not good .
we won't be going back .
it was very disappointing !
i was extremely hurt and upset .
update : i've grown tired of this place .
how hard is it to regularly stock the paper ?
how is that for customer service ?
this location is terrible .
i also contacted corporate and got no response .
i should have asked for my money back .
this one however needs some serious changes .
are there no good fabric stores in madison ?
counter staff clearly has not been trained well .
poor selection of frames .
worst customer service experience at the print station .
i just wanted some steak tacos with no onions .
it's too bad because the service was usually great .
even the rice isn't authentic .
the tamale was edible , but not fantastic .
and the taco was more disgusting than taco bell .
service was bad from the minute we walked in .
shouldn't he know how much to charge ?
all three of our entrees were cold .
the refried beans were ice cold .
too many huge chunks of jalapeo in the guacamole .
it just wasn't that good .
did they squeeze it out of a tube ?
my entree was the poblano mole enchiladas .
i guess i'm just not their target market .
the prices were absurd !
no purchase from me !
i do not care for this type of pricing .
alas , it does not .
i literally just walked out the door .
personally , it completely turned me off .
the sauce that went with them was bland .
new orleans take out doesn't have this right !
( also no corn or jalapeo or sweetness .
a nice place but a major rip off .
these stores have no standards for prices .
they charge whatever they feel like .
tried to ship a package here via ups .
holy hole in a doughnut , batman !
asked for owner to request a more reasonable price .
unfortunately , it was just incredibly bland and boring .
in the end , it just wasn't great .
my guess would be the egg rolls .
it's cheap for a reason .
lunch , meet garbage can .
woman behind the counter looked miserable didn't smile once .
i couldn't believe it !
one cut , maybe , but more than that ?
i didn't because of the good reviews .
so he spent another half hour fixing that problem .
the martin looks like crap .
and seems to have done more bad than good .
this woman was totally disorganized and a liar .
it's a total ripoff .
dipping sauce doesn't have enough ginger or sesame .
i wish i could give this place no stars .
the lo mein had no taste .
caution : this store is really small .
i couldn't find much variety there .
i really , really hate this place .
i stopped going there , though convenient .
the environment is really noisy .
i don't want to go back once more .
worst customer service i have ever experienced !
oh , and the drink area is disgusting .
am i glad i had them come out !
don't know if that 's true or not .
my updated rating on this store has gone down .
they didn't believe we had actually ordered .
flooring didn't last and we replaced that , too .
a linen closet door is not square .
our garage door fell apart .
but i can't wait to move .
typical of this type of family restaurant .
not so sure now .
the food for the most though is just mediocre .
sadly , i can not rate the food here .
when we walked in , we were not greeted .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
this place is horrible .
if you really want my business own your mistakes .
to say this experience was frustrating is an understatement .
but they fall down on the food and cleanliness .
sometimes two napkins full of grease .
omg this place sucks .
it was pure crap .
they could easily have left a message .
i will never stay at the sheraton madison again .
second day , not as good .
third day , it was awful .
walls were very thin .
some staff were helpful .
this is just unacceptable .
the room keys did not work one day .
why inconvenience guests with broken key system ?
it looks like it is old bird crap .
this place is run down and needs serious remodeling .
again not very clean .
overall , service is inconsistent .
my girlfriend and i recently stayed at this sheraton .
that was the one by the sink .
: / i would not go back here .
desk staff were just ok , bartender was rude .
-the staff was not very friendly or very attentive .
it looked unclean and the staff clueless .
avoid at all costs .
isn't lady bugs supposed to bring good luck ?
i really didn't feel so lucky .
i didn't sleep well there .
she didn't even greet me or acknowledge me .
she didn't even greet me or acknowledge me .
not the most family friendly hotel .
the room was nice and bed was comfortable .
all the food was ice cold and disgusting .
didn't wash , didn't wear gloves .
how wrong i was !
i ignored it , and i paid the price .
learn from my mistake !
slow , rude , disrespectful staff .
very uncomfortable place to be in .
she don't or never admit they made mistake .
so we won't go there until she is gone .
they will mess your order up .
if you have special needs do not eat here !
i wish i could give no stars .
my food was also boring and uninspired .
the burger i had was overcooked .
that isn't saying much .
i would not eat here again .
however , i was sorely disappointed .
so i went to olive garden instead .
ate dinner before meeting a bunch of friends .
guy behind the bar was pretty rude and worthless .
i did not eat any food .
the service was pretty bad .
at least i didn't get ill from eating here .
don't think i'll be going here again to eat .
trying to place a food order was frustrating .
the pancakes were ok i guess but nothing spectacular .
a little cramped but not too bad .
also , kudos to them for being professional .
service was really bad !
servers seems mad and annoyed .
she rolled her eyes and was really rude .
okay , no problem .
i'm sorry , but that is unacceptable .
this is where it got really awkward .
never could i sit through another meal here .
if i could give no stars , i would .
this location is horrible !
it doesn't end there .
staff didn't compensate or fix the problem .
life is too short to deal with them .
they also don't do floor trim .
it's just not worth the hassle for me .
no service at all .
i go out to relax and get served .
one week wasn't the end of the world .
i refuse to ever give them my money again !
i will not miss you !
i won't be back .
they didn't seem to care .
it's my own fault , really .
the problem wasn't the cook though .
when my food was ready she wasn't paying attention .
the men that work there are terrible .
not accommodating and very rude .
if youre an attractive woman , dont go there .
they are rude as hell !
there are flies all over the place .
i wouldn't recommend this dairy queen to anyone .
mcdonalds would get the award !
this review is long overdue .
the worst cleaning service ever .
i was not comfortable with that for obvious reasons .
( no worries there . )
ate lunch there yesterday and it was pretty gross .
the food in the bag is always wrong .
not to mention the place is just dirty .
but this one is downright terrible .
the staff have no clue what 's going on .
there was only one car in front of us .
what a waste of time .
i would not recommend this vet clinic .
the staff and dr hook are unprofessional and rude .
dr. hook does not deserve you .
admittedly it was late friday and saturday .
price was fair , service was less than desirable .
they charge too much , care is so-so .
i would go to veterinary emergency service .
i wish i could do it all over again .
very frustrating experience the second time around .
rude to paying customers plus they overcharged me .
hire a better company .
would never hire again .
silly me for thinking there was time .
avoid this location if at all possible .
not very clean inside and slow .
but never at other pizza pits .
depressing , depressing , depressing .
wrong , on both counts .
everything about it seems run down and outdated .
employees really couldn't care less .
what a waste of time .
the store is nothing fancy by any means .
this place is terrible .
don't waste your time .
all in all , nothing terrible .
my second room was much nicer and cleaner .
i've never been so poorly treated in my life .
this type of experience doesn't happen with marriott .
the hot tub had black water in it .
you couldn't see the bottom of the tub .
the water smelled disgusting like smelly feet .
customer service after the sale was a complete disaster .
i'll be buying my sofa elsewhere .
so we wait to hand her the money .
unfortunately , their customer service sucks .
horrible customer service all the way around .
we will not be back .
thanks for having me waste my whole afternoon .
why advertise if you don't have the inventory ?
makes no sense at all .
come to find out they won't cover it either .
they just lost a good customer .
the burnt bacon only making the situation worse .
i don't get it .
really , i don't .
but seriously , i don't get it .
it's kind of cheesy .
are you fucking kidding me ?
frankly , i think this was completely overpriced .
the bread had a bit of cheese nothing special .
these people must not have ever had good bread .
second visit was a disaster .
however , i also needed brake work .
it's not worth it .
we wasted an incredible amount of money for nothing .
the first impression was not very bright .
the lobby is cluttered and receptionist is very unwelcoming .
really wish they had better inventory .
each and every one of them was rotten .
it's not worth the headache .
selling rotten fruit for sky high prices ?
the service was rude & disrespectful .
does this place even have a phone number ?
more importantly , every ingredient in the pizza sucked .
tl ; dr : worst .
the employees do not want to be working there .
they have really been going downhill .
extremely slow delivery and the food is mediocre .
this one star is for poor and rude service .
cheese bread was mediocre .
seems to have gone downhill quite a bit .
most recent order was not delivered .
this isn't our only bad experience .
the pizza had little to no cheese .
will not be ordering from this chain anymore .
not an authentic italian deli at all .
not an authentic italian deli .
the staff is rude to top it all off .
i can only speak to the sandwiches , though .
this is not pizza .
gross , don't do it .
pizza has always sucked .
tasted like grade school microwaved pizza .
also , the barber is really slow .
every time i went there it kinda smelled .
drinks are normally priced but not too strong .
i would not recommend it .
really , you could to better .
really , this bar is not that great .
needless to say , we were pissed .
the rest isn't the best .
you get free bacon on tuesdays .
weekends get really busy with college students .
a lot of racist people .
employees don't really care .
not my favorite place to be .
thankfully we weren't here for very long .
it was pretty gross .
slow service to pay the bill .
maybe cheese curds again too .
but not really worth going back for anything else .
it was pretty rude .
don't go here , you will b sorry !
i was disappointed with the arrangement that i received .
poor customer service and satisfaction !
overall thumbs down on the whole experience .
stay far , far away from this store .
i don't know why i went .
well , mcdonald 's food is not very healthy .
i wished i could give this zero star .
employees were mean and disrespectful .
quite an awful mcdonalds .
worst customer service i have ever experience .
ok , i will try a few more options .
why sell stale doughnuts ?
i have seen larger selections at most grocery stores .
it also was not the style he was expecting .
the service is also " meh . "
it was not a pleasant experience .
pizza didn't live up to the hype .
i am sorry to say it has gone downhill .
too bad , greenbush .
one of our worse dinning experience in madison .
sadly , the pasta we ordered was barely passable .
oh , lakeside , what happened ?
i was so so so sad .
no one greeted me .
it's just pathetic now .
i can't imagine a reason to return much .
the flavor was bland and unappealing .
their lasagna was nearly as poor .
it was drowned in sauce .
bland , bland , bland .
i won't be back .
the food is where they fall short .
i might have to move in .
the food is awful to say the least .
the white sauce tasted like nothing .
it didn't help the meal at all .
all wood like we were in someone 's basement .
nothing to brag about .
my date had some seafood pasta concoction .
she said it tasted like crab but still .
and the pastas taste microwaved and mushy .
the ravioli was overcooked , a lot .
quite possibly the worst italian i've ever eaten .
even the pasta was bad .
worst service and pizza was horrible .
but the food has gone downhill .
what a complete disappointment .
it was fine , but nothing special .
way too much cheese .
it was a pretty building .
and it ruined our celebration .
i really wish we had gone somewhere else .
no happy hour specials on the patio .
the service left a lot to be desired .
wait , wait , and more waiting !
no " welcome ! "
do not wait on us .
do not talk to us . "
our server was so-so .
could have been all the ignoring going on .
the cheese bread was also rather bland and disappointing .
i'm not one to pass up bread and butter .
i was very unimpressed with the food .
i'm sorry but this is not good italian food .
this was a mistake .
i just don't know why .
worse taste in my life for a sandwich !
the service was slow and understaffed .
probably won't be coming back .
it was like the interior was barely cleaned .
my seat material made it difficult to vacuum them .
i am never going back there .
so much for a dependable neighborhood car wash place .
say , " hell no , thank you . "
not fully wiped off a lot of stuff .
company policy : no refunds !
my car looks like it was hardly cleaned inside .
sounded kind of fishy to me .
obviously none of these people work at madison taxi .
so , so terrible .
expensive and unreliable just like the rest of them .
if i could give zero stars i would .
no apologies just rudeness .
madison taxi is a rip-off .
don't use their service if you don't have to .
don't use these guys .
move along this place is not worth the headache !
i'm not keeping my fingers crossed at this point .
madison taxi emailed a confirmation .
the mini corn dogs ?
i like food too much for this shit .
completely unprofessional , and no customer service ethics ever .
i am tired of the brown sauce . )
mediocre asian food made to accommodate american taste .
ok tasting but not authentic .
we won't be going back .
the food was not very good .
i would not come back to this restaurant again .
restaurant looks dull and old .
i ordered pork wontons and there was no pork ?
i couldn't even eat it .
i also ordered rangoons and they weren't even good .
almond duck was salty .
not a friendly man at all .
pork and the rest of the meal tasted sour .
worst chinese restaurant i've experienced , period .
stay away from this restaurant .
possibly the worst service ever !
small , soggy egg roll .
soggy chicken that smelled like dog food .
never again , jade garden .
undercooked chicken , slow delivery , no flavor .
it is cheap and not tasty .
the food was hot and the portions generous .
it fit the bill of cheap chinese takeout .
it was the worse i have ever tasted .
may try again yet not promising !
two more words : slow service .
stay away from this restaurant .
place was nearly empty but i was already here .
i was not impressed at all .
like a poor imitation ?
the americanized version is not good either .
this place is terrible .
may or may not have cried afterwards .
to me , that is not good service .
i think it could have been handled much better !
the bartender tells me he can't refill sodas .
other bad things - their pop is gross .
but the brisket was tough and gummy .
the chicken was ok but wasn't much .
just visited this place ?
i would not recommend to anyone .
i'm pretty disappointed in this location .
the fresh rolls were not very good .
the pho was mediocre .
again , the experience was disappointing .
the name is quite misleading .
all other items are laughable .
they serve americanized chinese dishes , which is strange .
my friend got the duck soup .
she didn't eat much of it .
the prices are also expensive .
it was a wednesday and not a busy night .
area behind the bar was less than clean .
should have went to ha long bay instead .
basil leaves to add to my bowl .
service was not at its best .
it was way too greasy .
his respond , they don't care .
the food is good but the service is slow .
in fact , they pushed back the delivery time .
this is the worst karaoke bar i've ever seen .
you also have to pay for each song .
the service was terrible .
it truly was unbelievable .
they were arrogant and rude !
her lack of service was par for the course .
it's more difficult to be rude than nice .
dean care health care is so disappointing .
i am very disappointed .
i left my message .
highly highly highly disappointed .
so there goes that night 's sleep .
margherita pizza was so-so , but had great crust .
maybe a different one would be better .
hallways were noisy with kids running around .
the worst hotel i've ever stayed in .
i hate this place .
the staff can not resolve anything for you .
the entree i ordered was spaghetti and meatballs .
how can you mess this up ?
food not good enough to visit again .
the steak was just ok .
nothing to be wowed about .
but would probably not go back there again .
they had one plain bagel left .
probably the worst panera i've ever had .
she could have put it back .
food is just not good .
it was cooked he way i asked , medium-rare .
it was fairly dry but not really ridiculously so .
the french fries were soggy and over salty .
not worth the price at all .
no one was there .
the beer was not very cold .
but the food was awful .
it just seemed microwaved and that too poorly .
i did not even finish my sandwich .
how can you mess up something so simple ?
it wasn't a good meal at all .
for my meal , i was craving a sandwich .
having said that , the service was lacking .
the calzone lacked " pop " .
the steak sandwiches weren't great .
in all , the food was underwhelming .
as a result , service was a bit slow .
in fact , things have actually gotten worse .
everything else appears frozen in time .
the chairs in the cafe are old and uncomfortable .
she has never said this before .
that is a horrible attitude .
worst customer service i've experienced in a long time .
unfortunately , it was too late for nice .
this target also had terrible service .
i like target , but not this one .
did not come up as the sale price posted .
not a huge deal but still a pain .
shouldn't a pen be readily accessible ?
he was not pleased .
and this really sucked .
avoid this one if you can .
needless to say , we left .
i was disappointed in the salad .
i was excited about all those yummy vegetables .
chose no mushrooms for the hot pot .
my partner order pad thai with chicken .
the room was maybe 1/3 filled .
and no chicken in my partners ' !
yet none of these are done justice .
they just skimp on ingredients in general .
this was my first visit to this noodles location .
my alfredo sauce was watery .
that makes me sad .
for a chain it's not bad , though .
but i might cry a little .
i'm not sure what the final straw was .
they were out if ribs and prime rib .
the rice was very bland .
probably never coming here again .
do not eat here .
food , not so good .
i ordered the sirloin , it was horrible .
how any manager allow so low level of service !
premium prices for food that is less than mediocre .
that is the only thing we could taste .
our server was not exactly johnny on the spot .
today is one of my highlights of bad service .
the problem is service .
not the best start but i can accept it .
i mean , really and truly ?
the food here is simply awful .
it's low quality and very disappointing .
maybe chain italian is just bad .
i also really don't like macaroni grill .
but , the food was crap .
the pasta was severely over cooked .
sausage was dry with no flavor .
my wife had the stuffed chicken marsala .
the chicken was dry overcooked .
risotto had no flavor .
i feel bad being so negative .
we will not visit this olive garden again .
the inside of the lasagna was cold .
that 's not creepy at all !
never had any problems at the other locations .
pizza is fine but service here is a joke !
avoid this place at all cost !
minimal bagel selection on a sunday morning was disappointing .
the bakery is expansive but mediocre .
final verdict : not bad , but don't bother .
no thanks , i won't be coming back .
i had a very bad experience with them , .
it was really frustrating .
this place does not know what customer service is .
stayed here recently with a group of friends .
don't stay here if you need to get sleep .
was really tired when arrived .
which was good then walked in my room .
the vent fan was covered in dust .
the coffee was horrible .
this hotel has basic needs , but is outdated .
the bad and ugly : hotel needs serious updating .
toilet hard water marks not appealing either .
i am not exaggerating it .
no big deal - i can live with that .
i had no choice but to wear it .
not much can be done now .
thanks for nothing , mens wear house .
nothing was even done to my cuticles .
a try - same price as this dive .
* where is your price list ?
needless to say , i won't be back .
avoid tlc and the chain places .
she was so rude and unprofessional .
, and we didn't find anything worth buying .
buyer beware , don't come here .
my exam yesterday was quite a disappointment .
what a waste of time !
a major disappointment after the other positive reviews .
i won't be doing business with you ever again .
overall a very bad experience .
felt like i paid money for nothing .
boy , was i wrong .
would i still be sitting here ? "
typical bait and switch .
the salad they ordered was mediocre , nothing special .
shouldn't have to wait and request eating utensils .
we weren't really impressed .
the waitstaff is hit or miss .
too many young people with poor knowledge .
i'm not going back .
the spinach artichoke dip was mediocre at best .
and the signature birthday cookie is no longer !
rude and incompetent waitress .
i always avoid giving bad reviews on yelp .
we pay , finish talking and leave .
sorry , long rant over .
very disappointed family tonight .
the bartender didn't acknowledge us .
we didn't want to risk another disappointment .
our pasta was below par as well .
can't believe this place has not been reviewed .
what a bunch of crap .
it was burned , cold , and dried out .
this is why eateries do not survive in mt .
can not believe how bad it was .
the food is horrible !
i can not stress this enough .
it was very rude and disrespectful .
this experience doesn't represent the band well at all .
( reservations are not required . )
it didn't really taste like pizza hut pizza .
the mighty have fallen .
standard but choice of dressings were not that great .
not a big deal but out of the ordinary .
the biggest let down was the badger special pizza .
and the mushrooms definitely been around too long .
the buffet is horrible !
went there today and the waitress was beyond rude .
i would not go back to this particular location .
seriously , don't come to this location .
like south park bad .
tonight was not much better .
service was pretty awful .
this is the worst group we have encountered .
i would stay away .
very disappointed and couldn't sleep .
i complained and there wasnt anything they could do .
i don't know how the employees stand it .
so i try not to shop here much .
customer service is terrible .
they make that situation the customers problem .
the tech goes off to find out what happened .
so , so obnoxious .
don't take your car here .
the windshield replacement was a total unprofessional install .
there is no fresh meats , all frozen .
but my god , what a disgusting establishment .
friendliness of the staff is a hit or miss .
the worst walmart in madison .
this walmart was super slow .
i'm not a walmart fan .
it's a frustrating place .
otherwise i avoid it if i can .
they are n't going to do it again !
no one even looked at me .
i left thinking i'm a ghost .
buy online at a lower price .
not another soul in the place .
pizza was decent but the restaurant itself is disappointing .
don't even try it .
way better options for your money .
approximately 1/3 shredded cheese .
the spaghetti & meatballs ?
dry , overcooked , barely flavored , hard .
customers shouldn't be ignored .
sad to say i don't recommend their delivery method .
multiple customers received the wrong order .
huh , not really sure why .
bbq sauce - too must and overwhelming .
cheese - too much .
the staff was pretty stingy with the vegetables too .
staff charge extra money watch out .
this place is running a scam !
save yourself the wasted time .
this is a walmart establishment .
no , this is what you encourage .
the service was terrible .
the food was also nothing to write home about .
i just don't get it .
my husband 's mashed potatoes were cold and gummy .
my chicken and biscuits were disappointing as well .
however the meal was horrible .
simply the worst burger i've ever ordered .
i feel sorry for her .
i will not be back any time soon .
however , the service was questionable .
certainly not our recommendation for a madison dining experience !
what a disappointing burger !
the smashed potatoes were bland as well .
pretty dense and service was so so .
they had meatloaf , perch and chicken .
no appetizers or desert .
it is not on their menu online .
i was completely cheated .
however , they were small bites .
this was not a dinner portion .
and it was cold .
the largest portion to my plate was fried apple .
it wasn't just me either .
in a word : disappointing .
a little too plentiful .
very disappointed in the drunken noodles .
far too oily and lacking in flavor .
there just wasn't any balance in the dish .
they ruined my wedding ring .
the service was not good .
the cheese curds were good and cheap .
breakfast portions are inexpensive and large .
sub par service and not the most inviting crowd .
stopped at ms during a badger game .
the drinks are cheap .
i really don't get it .
won't be going back .
prices are way too much for fast food .
i'm never going to that location again .
the turkey was actually frozen .
i'm sorry -- we don't do day passes . "
i however will not be returning .
everything else is overpriced too .
they don't even acknowledge you .
i won't be back .
i felt like a criminal walking into this place .
all in all not impressed .
they are extremely rude and obnoxious .
i will not be returning .
this information was not noted in the report .
i paid for expensive tests and still nothing .
that would qualify me as a first party .
-- -- - no one does this no one .
original review i had a really bad experience here .
the menu needs to rotate more .
it's convenient , but not worth the hype .
what a horrible reason to like something .
it's typical to get food that 's subpar .
so , that goes without saying .
once again , cold , mushy dough .
sorry , i'm not into cafeteria food .
are you 5-star people not looking around ?
don't let the cozy fireplace fool you .
so what the hell man ?
however , sober , its disgusting .
there are only refried beans .
mexican , its not .
cheap , i guess .
bad food , definitely never going back there again !
what a terrible experience .
there was no value whatsoever in our meals .
don't waste your time or money .
the beans were bland .
the shell was overly soggy and nasty .
the ground beef had no seasoning or taste .
gave the burrito to my roommate .
we were so excited to try this place .
totally disappointed and felt like we just wasted money .
i don't get how this place is in business .
obviously , i'm not coming here again .
do not get stuck in this trap .
( which i can not wait to join ! )
i was not thrilled with this gym .
tired and outdated equipment .
also , the weight situation is very unsafe .
i didn't even argue the point .
i'm glad i called supreme after this club .
we've eaten there before and have been pleased .
it felt very rushed .
that was truly awful .
but they are not that short !
the cheese wasn't melted .
my burrito supreme was cold as well .
do not ever order in the restaurant .
sounded like they were laughing as well .
won't go to this location again .
this has happened to me before .
missing items in bag from location as well .
slowest taco bell in the world .
awful never going here again .
plus , this has n't been the first time .
their service has become so slow .
i suggest try other vietnamese restaurant in the area .
this place should be a place to avoid !
and don't get the papaya salad .
pho , kind of disappointed .
the food was bland .
the service was horrible .
oh how i was wrong .
also the noodles weren't very good either .
the broth was ok i guess .
they can not substitute for anything .
they were rude and short about a simple request .
food was ok but not worth the price .
service was slow and terrible .
no apologies , nothing !
food is good , service is terrible .
it is pricey for lunch .
will not be returning .
she barely looked at me .
run , don't walk , for the exit .
poor customer service in my opinion .
so , i won't be going back .
i avoid this place like the plague .
this place is awful .
the customer service totally sucks .
buy less and buy better quality !
no wonder i couldn't find them .
this store was so confusing and frustrating .
she didn't try to help at all .
that is not my concern .
this should be explained by the tech .
too much of a hassle .
this would be funny if it wasn't so pathetic .
boy was i wrong .
no apologies either , which was a little disappointing .
oh hell here we go again .
no we don't have it disconnected !
i will never step foot in this store again .
the customer service here sucks .
i can't go back buy anything at best buy .
never come back buy anything .
i originally made the appointment for an oil change .
i did not take that recommendation .
why else would they act this way ?
go to discount tire on junction rd instead .
do not bring your child here .
however this place was horrible .
the machines are dirty and don't work properly .
no effective security - kids can easily be stolen .
this place is gross .
the games are outdated but at least their cheap .
i'm sure they'd do the same to you purse .
guess the apple doesn't fall far from the tree .
security sucks , plain and simple .
possibly the smallest chuck e cheese in the country .
i just left and never went back .
it will not be worth the wait .
typical mall place to buy glasses .
the worst place i have ever been for glasses .
i won't be back .
very disorganized and poorly run .
most recently , i had an iced americano .
the coffee is horrible .
needless to say we will never return .
anyway why complain just don't go back right .
when ordering the staff was less than friendly .
it is a bit confusing .
recently went there to relax before an appointment .
no apology , no eye contact .
why am i even writing this ?
have i totally lost control of my life ?
it's starbucks so you know what you are getting .
the coffee is only okay .
this location in particular is pretty bad .
it's not enough people !
isn't that the primary business ?
meatloaf at the hotel 's restaurant was alright .
this place needs pest control .
unacceptable , especially when here for work .
not much for throw down space .
maybe for camping but not for a hotel .
stayed here in april for a soccer tournament .
not much for throw down space .
one week later no response .
no additional information , just short answers .
but no one likes to feel ignored .
i keep reading about all sorts of shady activities .
security guards getting knocked out !
first , nobody jumped up to help me .
no new parts were purchased from kay jewelers .
i talked with the manager , denise .
i have no words to describe this place .
the food was just horrible .
we should have just left after eating the samosas .
" pathetic customer service " .
don't bother with the soggy naan at the buffet .
the rice was not well cooked .
payment for the food and experience was terrible .
buffet was not great and dinner was terrible .
i ordered online almost two hours ago .
zero stars if i could .
and why he demanded cash .
i warn you to not support this guy .
people like that don't last long in business .
i am a single mother with no family around .
money down the drain .
wouldn't renew even if i was nearby .
they would not agree to anything .
silly me for not reading the fine print .
no apologies for waiting .
the club is way overrated .
don't waste your money and time here .
dirty pool area and steam room is disgusting .
maintenance is very poor .
i have never had such low quality chinese food .
anyways , my room was spacious but felt dirty .
it was either too cold or too stuffy .
however , the following items were disappointing .
- the bed sheets weren't exactly clean .
probably won't be back .
you can find better quality .
now i was really worried .
not done , couldn't even find them .
shoe repair takes forever .
the place is a mess .
the last pair were garbage .
extremely poor customer service .
he told me he wouldn't honor it .
he was very rude when i questioned him .
he has no customer service skills .
we were very wrong .
we are not stupid by any means .
there 's just no luck in it .
the pot stickers were the worst of the bunch .
dare i say , i'm almost afraid of it .
surprisingly , i don't remember finding white rice .
only good thing : the beer is reasonably priced .
the chicken patty is difficult to describe .
but this is a weird one .
stated hours on tuesday are open till midnight .
holy rude service : - ( my poor friend !
sorry , not the point .
you won't find a better one . "
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
vera 's house of bridal is very unprofessional .
they didn't bother to let me know or explain .
i will not be taking my dog back there .
they've lost my business .
not worth the time and trouble .
very poor customer service .
it gets worse , though .
uh , does this look like walgreens ?
what a pathetic excuse for customer service .
they don't care about the customer .
angel cards are their pathetic life over there .
this is an absurd price for bowling .
the selection of bowling balls is bad .
look carefully at how cheap management is .
sadly customer is not a concern .
never again , i am certain of that !
the atmosphere and service was stuffy and rather cold .
the experience is not worth the price .
not the best dining experience .
would definitely select ruth chris or flemings instead .
the steak was bland and pan seared ?
not a good restaurant .
just left this place with my wife .
seafood and fish unappealing .
server team was pleasant but very slow .
my garlic potatoes were short changed on the garlic .
we were seated and served waters right away .
the side salads were fine , pretty typical .
so far , my worst steak in madison .
there was another server ( manager ? )
the food was not .
it ruined the salad for us .
i just wouldn't go back .
unfortunately , the steaks were not good .
the ribeye was very tough and lacked seasoning .
the flavor was missing as well .
we were very disappointed .
if only zero stars was an option .
sushi quality was very mediocre .
i will not come here again though .
i'm so sad to have to write this review .
to begin with , it was freezing in there .
i never did take off my down ski jacket .
next , the menus : gross !
the food is yummy though !
the decor is very tired and not that clean .
the service is completely incompetent .
however , i would not recommend .
once we got the food it was just bland .
my memories of the hibachi here were very fond .
the paint and wallpaper were peeling off .
everyone seemed to be confused and rushed .
the sushi was not fresh .
some of it i couldn't even eat .
sashimi plate was just ok .
i handed the first chef my menu .
well , this is the opposite .
food is ok , service sucked .
just ate here for the last time .
however quality control is non existent .
check out vip sushi next door .
this place is tired .
that 's not ok .
the area behind the bar was filled with trash .
i won't be back .
onion volcano , dumb .
the service was also very slow .
waited an hour for awful sushi .
even grocery store sushi .
sushi i don't even want to finish .
i could almost feel myself getting food poisoning .
edamame was cold and not even salted .
age tofu was soggy .
sushi was nothing to come back for .
this place is a mess .
thick layer of grease on every table surface .
the place was completely and utterly understaffed .
i am so disappointed !
not good at all .
i can't imagine enjoying it much otherwise .
she was just obnoxious and full of herself .
not my idea of fun .
customer service was not good at all .
the workers here were very rude to us .
as others stated , this is a teams only .
the meat was dry .
but , obviously , i am wrong .
steven l from ma , said it all .
this place is disgusting !
a black bean and cheese burrito with no cheese ?
are you kidding me ?
just avoid this place at all costs .
bland food and flavorless sauces abound .
everything was just bland and limp .
tl ; dr : bleh .
big big big mistake .
the food was awful .
the enchiladas ( chicken ) had little chicken .
avoid at all costs .
i'm not exactly sure how to describe it .
it doesn't taste right , let alone taste okay .
i wouldn't recommend stopping by here .
there are so many other better options .
- approximately zero communication .
worst car wash ever .
since then i have n't gone back .
otherwise i wouldn't recommend it .
worst car wash i ever got .
horrible experiences , and i'll never go back .
the past three times have been quite horrible .
it's gets worse every year .
not worth my time .
ive just set my expectations very low .
never never never use these people .
merry maids are the worse !
their employees don't speak english so communication is impossible .
do not use this company !
place was not clean .
no one returned my call .
they could not read there own receipt .
i looked high and low , nope .
she was less helpful .
this store really needs a serious overhaul .
first time here and we received terrible customer service .
if not , be prepared .
they apparently hate working here .
there is no such thing ! "
didn't mean to add insult to injury .
second visit no staff to help me .
too cramped and spotty service .
the food was ok , not worth the wait .
would not recommend this place .
an hour and fifteen minutes pass , no pizza .
the quality is horrible compared to what they charge .
tonight was the worst yet .
get my order to me asap !
online ordering is atrocious .
how does your online experience suck this bad ?
we have been disappointed the last several times .
call it in with no problem .
ordered italian sub and turkey club was sent .
disappointing when that 's the only thing you ordered .
half of the condiments and veggie bins are empty .
the options to put on sandwiches are super limited .
mediocre food and terrible service from this location .
tonight , still no sauce .
the food was ok i guess .
it was hard and crusty .
overall not a nice place .
the food is so bad .
he rushed me and was very rude .
it's mediocre at best .
he told me there is no food allowed .
they are awful to work with .
pretty lame excuse i think .
can't wait to get out of here .
next thing i know its sent to collections .
had the most horrible experience with them .
zero foam and not hot enough .
typical diner that serves bad food at okay prices .
severe lack of vegetarian options .
overall , pretty lackluster restaurant .
the menu wasn't impressive .
the coffee was awful .
service was prompt but lacking any warmth .
the food was unremarkable but not bad .
i ordered the broasted chicken , blah !
cabbage roll was way too salty .
rack of ribs too fatty .
i have no idea how that goes with salmon .
a couple of steamed veggies would have paired nicely .
the service was terrible .
the management was terrible that night .
glass bottled ketchup is so difficult to use .
the choices were broccoli cheese or clam chowder .
the clam chowder was nearly inedible .
the fries were just barely warm all around .
sorry , but we won't be coming back .
i will never be back .
the cashier was half asleep and way hung over .
strawberry fields of the old days it is not .
obviously , they don't care about customers .
it wasn't that horrible .
this ruined our awesome experience .
thanks for treating us like crap , jerk .
do not waste your money !
i didn't even know i liked salsa on eggs .
the bacon was tasty , the hashbrowns mushy .
it has never been so bad .
it was so bad .
ok , the food 's better than edible .
the food is consistently mediocre .
does it have some meaning i don't know ?
just don't stay for a meal .
this place is hit and miss .
they are operating as if they have no competition .
this is an update to my full review below .
so with much pressure , i gave in .
even today i still am not quite sure .
the bathrooms are appalling .
did i come on a bad night ?
this place was seriously bad !
the fries are not fries , they're potato wedges .
courier cafe is overrated .
unfortunately , today i was very disappointed .
it was very frustrating .
worst meal i have ever eaten out !
our visit tonight was a pretty lousy one .
worst dinning experience ever .
wouldn't serve us alcohol which i get .
they also smothered the tacos with some creamy sauce .
the service wasn't too bad .
there probably won't be a third though .
the coffee was weak .
not worth the wait .
sounds disgusting don't it ?
needless to say the baked potato never got ate .
ordered salmon with vegetables .
first trip here was much better .
second one won't have me coming back .
but the food was not good .
it was all kinds of creepy and unhelpful .
the worst service ever .
not helpful at all .
" sorry , we're out of chicken . "
with only an hour for lunch that is unacceptable .
not downright bad , definitely not particularly good .
to begin with , i wish yelp !
my waitress was efficient and personable .
the coffee wasn't very good .
the muffin french toast was awful .
the service staff showed little effort .
food is not great , but also expensive .
it has since , gone down the drain !
tasted of cheap store brand mac .
my whole family was disappointed with the food .
bad service , super slow .
would not recommend this place to anyone .
first of all -- these sandwiches taste like nothing .
i'm slightly confused at the high ratings .
better than the worst ?
the dessert , however was delicious .
i was extremely disappointed with sunday brunch today .
everything else was cold , crusty crap .
well , not so much .
my server did not want to be there .
the food here is just plain terrible .
if i could i would give them negative stars .
as a business , needs improvement .
scallop entree was lukewarm , terrible .
definitely a stressful and extremely unpleasant dream .
it was very uncomfortable .
it is all less than mediocre .
this place is such a mess .
man where is an outback restaurant in urbana ?
and it's not good .
the bacon and sausage weren't particularly flavorful .
just had a pretty disappointing lunch experience here today .
we switched plates , no big deal .
the service was nothing of note either way .
i wont be returning and would not recommend .
and a fly died in my husband 's beer .
seemed to me with no organization at all .
ruined some food freezing 1/2 the times .
stayed at this hotel 30+ nights .
if they won't return calls something is wrong .
the jeans were brand new , never worn .
when i picked up the jeans they were awful .
it was disorganized , chaotic , and expensive .
concord has lost my business for good .
very poor customer service .
these people are terrible !
lots of food and grease .
solid cheap drunk food .
but that 's not what bothers me .
no fries or drink .
and the baklava was not good .
no internet , still .
staff that is not lazy .
the hotel was definitely not clean by our standards .
air con ran but did not cool the room .
shower water pressure was low .
bed hard as a rock .
bare basics , no tissue .
well , just barely .
but then you go into another waiting room .
my biggest complaint was the room temperature .
i was so cold at night !
this place is pretty inconsistent .
( i have n't had it myself . )
the ones that are bad are pretty bad .
the hamburgers are gross .
there is not much mango to be found either .
they charge for refills on soft drinks , too .
the chef does not care .
not up to hilton standards at all .
first off , maintenance for the complex was terrible .
bugs are also a big problem .
so everything is old and not work perfectly .
talked to a female staff member on the phone .
the employees here are incredibly rude .
so , be warned .
don't know if i'd ever go meat here again !
the bad things : the waitress is extremely rude .
they have a bad beer selection too .
you obviously don't understand the idea of cool .
glad to see that i'm not .
ok , first warning .
btw i don't wear bangs .
never went there again .
the office is permanently closed .
wrong silverware , no bread plates .
bread service was slow though the bread was good .
the duck breast was well prepared .
the trout was overcooked but was still edible .
overall the dining experience was mixed .
what a lame excuse !
the portion sizes are very small .
little diamond in the rough .
but you could pick-up , so that was something .
just limit your expectations .
sadly , we were a little underwhelmed .
it came with gnocchi and assorted vegetables .
i do not like garcia 's pizza very much !
this is an awful mall .
the wait wasn't what bothered me .
of course , the air pressure would be different .
i wouldn't go back .
no tire rotation was performed period .
it was an extremely disappointing experience .
i didn't know that pork could be soggy .
i was very disappointed .
my ribs were less than pleasing .
you'll need water to wash down this sweet concoction .
unfortunately , everything else that makes the sandwich fails .
the bread is not much better .
sides were also generally unimpressive .
it tasted like eating raw potatoes .
the place was really busy on a sunday .
i actually couldn't get them apart to eat them .
chicken was very dry and ribs were chewy .
slaw was watered down and fries tasted old .
dry , flavorless chicken .
the current quality is really a disappointment .
my last three pork sandwiches were soggy and gross .
ordered slab of ribs and ribs were over cooked .
thought it would be pulled pork but was not .
would not go to again .
i'm not going here again .
so unhappy and still hungry !
we switched twice with the same disgusting problems .
this was the beginning of the bad experience .
it was a disaster .
not even a bible .
my wife did not enjoy the hotel .
tables are constantly dirty .
honestly , worst taco bell ever .
but this place was worse than average .
very very slow drive through .
waited way too long at the speaker .
stay away from this taco bell !
no apology when i got to the window .
they just don't care .
possibly the worst drive through in the country .
they ripped us off .
totally not the store 's fault .
omg possibly the worst experience of my life .
had a horrible experience at this club .
this place is literally so poorly managed it's ridiculous .
she says her chain comes off all the time .
terrible service , terrible prices .
long story short , these people are jerks .
i just got ripped off by this disgusting store .
still , i chose to purchase it .
a beautiful library that is unfortunately loud .
just don't try calling the front desk .
bad experience and service .
this hotel is not one of them .
this hotel is not one of them .
don't make the mistake i did and stay here .
absolutely horrible customer service .
however there was another employee that was very friendly .
the worst people to deal with .
it's not worth the savings .
they are completely incompetent .
sleep in your cars .
alas , they never showed up for the appointment .
not surprisingly , they do have really good bread .
horrible destination for dinner .
don't bother coming here .
the crust of our italian bread was burnt .
our waitress was not .
oh and their sangria is on point , too .
but really , what college kid is drinking sangria ?
do not let our wine glasses get empty .
we hate it here too .
overall the bread company is uninspired and very tired .
however , the service was very poor .
the waitress i had was unfriendly .
i got a turkey sandwich .
awful , awful , awful .
not a glass of water even .
everything way too salty .
unfortunately this was not the case .
i have accompanied my father on several doctor appointments .
the doctor i need won't accept new patients .
yet there are no other specialists .
hung up out of frustration .
not my favorite local chinese restaurant .
the menu is just a little boring .
the service was also quite slow .
service was slow and inattentive .
the food is mediocre at best and very greasy .
the prices , however , can't be beat .
but the food is never as good .
this is not good .
good for me , bad for someone else .
i am not a fan .
the hipster baristas are rude .
no where to chain up your bike .
they close way too early .
there must be some mistake .
clearly , i don't deserve to go here anymore .
the sandwiches are good , but inconsistent .
i've eaten carrots that were less crunchy .
tonight was the last time .
it was very sour and bitter .
no skill at all : / .
the wifi is awful .
slow service - servers do not communicate with you .
based on those , i would give it 4/5 .
this is not how a great bakery should be !
the pastries are fine but nothing special .
customer service leaves much to be desired .
i'll be getting my pastries elsewhere .
lovely on the outside , disappointing on the inside .
nothing about this was light , flaky or buttery .
i didn't even finish it .
i won't be back .
is customer service dead ?
it was not spicy at all .
their sauce is atrocious .
the service was fast ( 6:30pm ) and friendly .
the chicken fried rice was not good at all .
didn't let me know they were closed .
they didn't let me cancel .
the service was a little slow , but friendly .
unfortunately everything else is bad .
so not worth it .
it is just a confused menu .
this could be the most overrated place in cu .
beer selection good , everything else pretty bad .
the service is the reason for my low score .
this place is horrible .
the waiters are rude and the food is average .
i had the steak sandwich and was very underwhelmed .
don't think i'll be back for the food though .
skip this place at all costs .
the garlic mashed potatoes were decently good .
a so-so choice for food and drinks in urbana .
that being said , way over priced .
nothing special about it .
will not go back anytime soon !
health code rating : b .
the fucking chicken wings are breaded .
i probably wouldn't go there ever again either .
really disappointed in my customer service .
so disappointed in this customer service tonight .
i wanted so badly to love this place .
unfortunately , that was where the good stuff ended .
the pizza itself gets zero stars .
however , the food was pretty bad .
it is extremely dishonest behavior .
none of these things have happened .
their vets seem like they barely passed vet school .
avoid this hertz at all costs !
this was a complete rip off .
it is not about the money .
i will never use hertz again .
course is in bad shape .
no grass anywhere including the greens .
this course deserves a zero star rating .
unfortunately yelp doesn't allow less than one star .
just played it saturday and again was disappointed .
greens are hard as rock and very fast .
customer service is bad .
once they have your money they don't care .
must have them repaired properly ( if able ) .
can not recommend them unfortunately .
they have ruined two pieces of clothing .
i wouldn't recommend them to anyone .
probably not coming back again .
probably not coming back again .
couldn't be more displeased with jack .
i didn't care for his bedside manner .
there is no sense of customer service .
not too thrilled with this vets office .
wouldn't even put weight down on it .
she didn't even suggest it .
he said he doesn't like dealing with coins .
we turned around and walked out .
cheap food done poorly .
it's parking is worthless .
i am so appalled by this b and n !
i will not shop at this store anymore .
zero for the customer service .
none in the cafe !
they never bothered to call me back .
he was dead the next morning .
what was wrong with our dog ?
then why did we put him down ?
stayed three nights for an on site conference .
almost to the point of insulting .
never did get to buy a drink there .
guess what , no call as to it's arrival .
the whole week it was pretty hit or miss .
call me picky , but i don't eat meat .
staff is excuse oriented instead of results oriented .
this resort gave no such warning .
of course , they had already packed up .
what a bunch of a holes !
i rarely ever write reviews , but i'm disappointed .
hmmm so why is there a resort fee ?
management was not helpful .
because the reasons i gave above .
she said no , it wouldn't .
but that 's not really a compliment .
i guess that doesn't mean much anymore .
of course , no call .
nobody signed for them even .
no apologies , no refunds , nothing .
i'm sticking to alaska airlines .
shall we try a little math problem ?
maybe jet blue has spoiled me .
but next time i'll be flying jet blue .
i arrive , and proceed to the e check-in .
they of course told me no .
this is the worst airline ever .
how can any businesses possibly be such a mess ?
it's clear this airline does not value their customers .
this airline also sucks .
i guess i don't have a choice .
i recently flew us airways from phoenix to chicago .
if i could give no stars , i would .
the worst us airline , ever .
neither of these times did she apologize .
you don't have money to properly maintain your planes ?
i seriously thought i was going to die !
this really made me nervous .
i am not kidding you .
you will regret it if you do .
what is a mother to do .
i've flown over a million miles in my career .
they just wouldn't turn off .
and i hate you for it .
to make matters worse ?
are you kidding me ?
not on this airline !
the employees seemed rather unhappy all-around .
however , the flights themselves were basically decent .
i had the worst nightmare ever !
and then i decide to drive to my destination .
crazy and does not make any sense .
wont ' let us go on our flight .
cuz we check later those flight are all full .
i returned the voucher way before the expired date .
can i give negative stars ?
three days later is not reasonable !
this airline is america 's worst !
that 's not an unreasonable expectation , is it ?
the flight attendants are rude .
dont ever fly us airways to hawaii .
the flight attendants were rude and very unpleasant .
well , apparently us airways has not been informed .
we should not support such poor service .
it is the corporate culture that stinks .
the cleanliness of the plane is questionable .
i guess i always go through this with airlines .
first , i hate paying for luggage fees .
i wasn't going to any of those places .
even after i explained my situation .
us airways is a disaster .
this airline is awful .
please don't make the same mistake we did .
i wish i could award no stars .
i don't know where to begin with this review .
what i received was worse .
why don't you call me back when it's fixed ?
the next day , i started over from scratch .
richard said " no problem " .
just awful customer service .
maybe the flight attendants should do a quick check .
having a miserable experience flying from boston to reno .
sorry buddy , not really fine .
will avoid them at all costs !
free shirt if you sign up in the terminal .
something like : " bite me . "
the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
surely this is just a mistake .
so , i politely talked to a boarding agent .
i doubt i'll be flying with them , again .
really like their low prices .
3rd time and 3rd delayed flight .
we lost are already paid for seats .
clearly some employee training is overdue here .
it made for a chaotic and cranky crowd .
other airlines do not have this ridiculously strict policy .
alright i could work with that .
you're providing a service , not a death sentence .
alas , no dice .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
oh i forgot how much i hate you !
your staff is rude .
one even offered to buy me a drink .
my expectations for airline travel are quite low .
that is unreasonable and leaves no room for error .
as it is you just lost six .
nothing is new here about my bad experience .
flight was delayed in palm springs .
i missed the connection in phoenix .
not like united and continental .
customer service was pretty rotten .
you will save some money though .
disorganized lines at check-in .
my associate claimed it wasn't her fault .
but i will avoid us airways from now on .
i was expecting some kind of half way sorry .
the planes carpet is stained and old .
check-in , go through security with no problems .
8:30 am : en route to phoenix .
also realize i'm never flying us again !
one of the worst in the us .
two thumbs way down .
i am not impressed at all .
don't know how they remain in business .
no , they do not talk to people .
i'm not even sure i got a proper apology .
i will avoid flying with them in the future .
we can put in a generic request .
actually , don't even think about it .
just don't do it !
grumpy , unfriendly , blah .
worst flying experience of my life .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
the worst flight experience ever .
i just don't understand why they don't feed me ?
can't stand the service .
the gate should have been ready .
the customer service was terrible .
her attitude was so nasty .
stay away from this airline .
meh , i think i'll pass .
the worst tea i've ever tasted .
the whole experience just seemed a little run down .
really wish i could give them zero stars .
this was horrible treatment .
it was extremely disappointing .
i don't even know where to begin .
another thing i hated was the credit card push .
never again , us airways .
i'm going to get home tonight on southwest .
i deserve better treatment than this .
use a competitor - you'll be better off .
felt like southwest airlines to me .
price not worth it .
you have got to be freakin ' kidding me !
but this airline does not .
but this was not mentioned whatsoever !
i am stuck in phoenix for the night .
i was in no mood for jokes .
why not just schedule the first flight for 7:00 .
they are not covering my dinner .
why did i try another airline southwest ?
the service and attitude of the employees sucks .
you won't get it .
very disappointing and deserves no stars !
the service and attitude of the employees was horrible .
you won't get it .
i'm sorry for your experience .
us airways is just terrible .
i'm so thankful for alaska airlines .
what 's wrong with upper management of airlines ?
the flight back was a bit more annoying .
the worst customer i ever had in my life .
this is the worst airline ever .
i'm so sorry your experience with us was disappointing .
oh there it is .
there 's no other word for it .
it was completely empty .
freaking wasted my time !
worst customer service i've ever experienced with an airline .
united airlines compared to this airline .
that would suck worse .
well , neither is the ac .
should i up my review ?
but , i doubt it .
not even a free drink on board .
the line to check a bag was extremely long .
complaint : poor quality service !
nothing was said or done by the flight crew .
this is by far the worst airline !
i really hate this airline .
they are a bunch of rude flight attendant .
there was no special meal .
with no food , i became physically ill .
the representative blame me for not having a meal .
if there is a reply , i will update .
they don't care , i believe .
what poor customer service from beginning to end !
at this point , i freaked .
she explained that no changes could be made .
worst birthday weekend ever .
i will not fly them ever again !
there is nothing else to say about that .
that 's so ridiculous .
last time i waste my money with your company .
he was literally asleep at the wheel .
i was forced to miss a day of work .
horrible airline , flight attendants are rude and unprofessional .
my husband had his number , but not mine .
all clothes had to be washed or dry cleaned .
i won't hold my breath .
i will find another airline for my next trip .
never would i suggest there services .
wish there was negative stars .
should have gotten me on another airline .
no one could give me her managers name .
gate agent has n't got a clue .
this air line is the worst .
never flying us airways again .
i will not fly us airways again .
overall just unhappy staff .
i will not fly this airline every again .
nothing to show their concern for their customers .
communicate that with connecting flights .
i quit buying tickets on them years ago .
she said she didn't have time .
she didn't have time .
i so wish that i could give zero stars .
thank you for wasting my time you idiots .
total bs from this airline .
they are all getting worse .
always a bad time and i'm always angry .
this is the greyhound bus of the airline world .
no problem , just go to the gate .
just plain ugly corporate america .
do no use this airline .
this has been a nightmare !
this time it's weather causing the problem .
can't blame us airways for that .
attendants arrived and couldn't tell anyone anything .
they just left me stranded .
they just left me stranded .
i want to use companion certificate .
no explanation of why long wait lines .
no option for a call back .
don't do it , not worth it .
plane was old as dirt too .
if you are flying us air in phoenix today .
phoenix airport is fucking big .
the worst i've ever experienced .
they use mesa to operate flights out of phoenix .
mesa is a disorganized mess .
the worst fucking airline in the usa !
no exit row after i was on the plane .
they don't take your health into account .
situation : flight delayed , missed a connecting flight .
no upgrades or improvements were made .
refused to let us get off the plane .
the in flight staff were rude and dismissive .
never , ever again .
i missed my own wedding because of us airways .
she had zero compassion or empathy .
i could not believe my ears .
i try to avoid them like the plague .
to make matters worse , they don't even care .
their business model sucks .
and the people are rude .
won't fly with them ever again .
literally the worst airlines to ever fly with .
flight crew was half rude .
of course i said excuse me ?
this airline is ridiculous !
this entire ordeal makes no sense .
worst customer service ever !
i will fly alaska .
what a waste of my time and patience !
well , thought wrong , did i .
they saw no reason i should need a hotel .
this airline has been consistently terrible .
this cost us 4-5 hours of our time .
ignorant : she said there was room for us .
never had worst service in my life .
one star for cheap flights .
it stinks , but it happens .
worst customer service i've ever experienced .
rudest person i've ever encountered .
the next available flight is at midnight . "
not a bit of concern or empathy was displayed .
the people they bumped were treated extremely poorly .
do not spend your money with us airways .
she was super rude !
i wish i could give this ppl zero stars .
not a chance with us air - just terrible .
just terrible customer service .
then , jennifer , doesn't let up on it .
very poor customer service and rude employees .
this is why i almost always fly southwest .
of course , she missed her connection .
last week we flew from phoenix to florida .
a little confusing and delays are expected i guess .
the most uncomfortable seating i have ever seen .
that 's why we're delayed ?
they just left us all stranded at the airport .
it is a shame you are here in phoenix .
biggest waste of time i've ever seen .
not a good way to end my vacation .
worst airline ever taken !
do not bother wasting your money .
but what was really horrible was coming back .
doesn't deserve zero stars !
the attendant with no compassionate all !
i felt yelp was a better forum .
i could have driven to vegas .
this is the worst airline ever .
just a horrible airline .
miserable airline that cares absolutely nothing about customer service .
i will literally never stop until this is resolved .
i did nothing wrong !
i will not do it .
was anyone ever going to contact me ?
i can not believe that was offered .
the home story doors are not .
apparently they did not need our business .
however , the course was horrible .
pretty rough shape and ugly to boot .
lots of dirt - ugly .
this course was in horrible condition .
over all the course was just awful .
the worst i have played in the valley .
we will not be going back .
it's unfortunate because the course has potential .
unfortunately the playing area was just horrible .
yup , a ball washer .
folks , this course was bad !
bad , bad , bad .
nor was he helpful .
very poor customer service .
this place should pay you to waste your time .
not the best conditioned course for sure .
it wasn't challenging enough for me .
we got bored really quickly and just wandered around .
you don't really get better than that .
i will probably never go here again .
totally not worth the drive from scottsdale .
instead , we just found rough .
it is dirty and dingy .
restroom counter needed to be wiped down .
it was busy but not overwhelming .
pretty fun breakfast with my fav 's .
well , sausage i guess . "
it always seems cold or lukewarm , too .
poor service , poor food .
horrible coffee and very expensive !
come on now lady !
i was definitely disappointed .
the bread came out burnt and too dry .
they did not do well .
will not be back .
the omelet was flat and bland .
i probably won't go here again .
upon entering , i was ignored by everyone .
more like bad egg .
biscuits were large but horribly dry .
gravy barely had any sausage in it .
no big deal , mistakes happen .
but an apology from management would 've been nice .
bland , cold , slow , and bland !
frozen food bland to be honest .
this place was gross and sad .
this was restaurant was a bad egg .
i didn't like this place at all .
biscuits and gravy were dry .
staff not engaged or interested in customers .
it wasn't even that busy .
food was marginal and service was horrendous .
no i am sorry for the delay or anything .
no sense of urgency on her part .
potatoes were mushy like baby food .
seemed to be very chaotic and unorganized .
no apology or sorry for our experience .
how is that our problem .
shame on you good egg .
warning dine here at your own risk .
so sad , was a good breakfast place .
the service was not good .
i don't see i said that in my post .
what was worse was the water .
our glasses of water and we were out .
usually this place is ok.
it all seemed very blah .
you are looking dated and tired .
avoid at all cost .
eh , uh , meh .
this one is my least favorite hyatt locations .
called front desk , they sent someone up .
yes , atrium is hotel for " noisy . "
very , very loud .
so they should call maintenance to fix it .
( it really was that bad . )
the attention to detail just wasn't there .
last , the check in process is just bizarre .
what a horrible place to stay .
not the service i expected !
never going to stay at hyatt again .
first arrival a nightmare .
not told attendant what she said he said no .
very nice staff at this hotel .
ick , is all i can say .
i was tires and just feel asleep .
this is probably the worst hyatt i've ever stayed !
the carpet is dirty and has huge stains .
even the ceiling in my room is dirty .
it is so sad for the hyatt brand .
horrible hotel , will never return !
aside from that , the walls are very thin .
i will not be staying here again .
but i didn't expect that warm welcome .
expensive for the lack of amenities .
+ the views are great from the rooms
front desk was less than helpful checking in .
the bad : they charge for wifi !
how far this company has fallen .
probably wont be staying here again .
what hotel doesn't have free parking ?
the hotel staff is very rude .
the hotel itself is ok.
overall , i would not stay here again .
i should have stayed at the renaissance .
stayed here labor day weekend was very disappointed .
had my room switched .
walking to nearby restaurants didn't feel safe after 4pm .
food in the hotel restaurant bar was poor .
ridiculously horrible customer service .
the rooms are boring , small and not nice .
the pillow are terrible .
the service again lacking very much .
shower had mold stains around tub .
unfriendly staff , unimpressive room .
don't plan on taking hot shower .
so i got really annoyed .
customer service not what i expected for the price .
the electrical outlets were terrible , though .
the other outlets weren't much better .
i avoided the rotating restaurant on the top floor .
the elevators in this hotel were remarkably slow .
we will not stay here again in the future .
clearly not focused on the satisfaction of their guests .
this is complete bullshit .
this is my hotel room ?
i quickly lower it as far as possible .
i go to sleep and wake up hot .
i would not recommend staying here .
hyatt not too smart at all .
i'm a burger lover and this was just terrible .
the meat was gray and tasteless .
coworker and i went for lunch .
caramelized onions , tomatoes , peppers , and chicken .
won't order here again .
my husbands gyro was extremely lacking !
did not even have lettuce in it !
the dodge theater ) .
i have been drinking there for almost a decade .
only reason they get two stars ?
this place is truly awful .
the restroom stunk like old piss .
food was nothing special .
this was no corned beef i've ever seen .
this is a pub , not a restaurant .
the atmosphere is faux irish pub .
the waitresses were rude .
either way it was not anything special .
if it is busy though , don't wait .
you'll only get angry that you waited .
how can you mess up shepherd 's pie ?
the waitress still is not back !
6th stop of the dine around .
frozen potato skins as well .
slow and unfriendly service .
this is just another trash bar in downtown .
there are much better places to spend your money .
avoid it if you can !
unfortunately , the service is absolutely awful .
it's honestly the worst .
i will never step foot into this establishment again .
angry server , terrible food but great beers .
this is why you establishment sucks .
( we were there when it was free .
if we go back , we're not ordering food !
this place is ridiculous !
past that no thank you .
walked in on sunday .
she took one bite and said no .
it was drenched in a chicken gravy ala sick .
it was decent to average , nothing special .
not have it delivered to me already floating .
the atmosphere from the start was dead wrong .
customer service was pretty much zero .
i love hole in the wall chinese food restaurants .
the rest was terrible .
i mean , mystery meat .
i will never return .
the dishes were terrible .
it tasted of ketchup and vinegar with some pork .
the rice was terrible .
save your money and go to panda express instead .
i went today and it was definitely below average .
it was very drab and badly need of updating .
it wouldn't be enough to bring me back .
the servers don't appreciate your business .
maybe it was a freak incident , maybe not .
either way , i won't be going here again .
don't waste your time .
i didn't wait long for my food .
maybe i will try the soup next time .
but the service was horrible !
service was mediocre , food was not great .
paid cash and change was not an option .
unfortunately it was overwhelmingly disappointing .
skip this place and to wong 's instead .
sing high does have a better looking dining room .
no refills on ice tea .
with a mystery flavorless white sauce drenched through out .
which was ridiculously over battered .
here 's where things get ridiculous .
this is not one of them .
why did i return here ?
i'm never coming back here .
sing high is just not what i remembered .
the walls were dirty and needed to be cleaned .
bad service all together .
what a huge disappointment .
service was so slow it almost didn't happen .
the shrimp with chinese peas and hong kong steak .
very disappointing experience for this arizona landmark .
i had been craving a good egg roll .
wow , what a disappointment .
the egg foo young was just ok .
the egg roll was the worst i ever had .
the man behind me sent his back .
never to return again .
so i was not satisfied with their food .
took forever to get the nasty ass food .
then i couldn't eat anything !
how do you mess up fried chicken wings ?
same nasty batter on them as well !
chicken tasted almost raw !
i refused to pay for any of my food !
she was rude to few people in party .
she has a horrible attitude !
she is impossible to talk to at the window .
don't even bother asking for sauces .
this place puts the dick in ridiculous .
not good customer service .
you decide that it really won't change .
try my florist once a year .
but let me make my attempt .
not to say that the bread isn't good .
a lot of money for beyond bland .
bang on , nicole , bang on !
i hate hate hate valet parking .
i hate it so much .
i won't turn over my keys to them .
the service can be appalling .
the food is basic and very expensive .
both the sandwiches and drinks were disappointing .
the bread is the only good part of anything .
are you kidding me ?
the food is overpriced and just not worth it .
i won't be back ever .
our waiter seemed more scottsdale than downtown phoenix though .
overall , way overrated and over-priced .
the service was a little slow all around .
it was very awkward .
the service was completely awful .
they priced it like it was special though .
no happy hour specials ?
now i'm downright pissed .
no , of course not .
( sorry this is so long .
what kind of restaurant doesnt have child seats ?
everything is overpriced and ridiculously underwhelming .
service wasn't good the food not much better .
try putting cold butter over cold waffles not cool .
not a good thing .
the service here is downright terrible .
everything here is super slow .
in any event , i avoid this place .
this place just doesn't feel very comfortable .
its bad in general .
the service is lame .
bruschetta is poor and bread isn't toasted .
the service is below par , way below par .
everything was hot and/or cold as appropriate .
the service was plain awful .
this is my pet peeve .
what a terrible experience .
wish these guys could get it right !
it feels like a big city restaurant inside .
at least that could have been prepared properly .
my florist should be the bomb .
my florist is all atmosphere and no substance .
why isn't this place better ?
lackluster , slow service .
i was not terribly impressed .
the most recent time the service was poor .
either way i don't recommend this place .
this place is awful .
bathrooms are filthy with urine all over the floor .
this location , not so much .
while i was waiting another parent buzzed me in .
i would urge anyone to avoid this business .
sorry , crazy jim .
however , the owners are soooooo unfriendly !
horrible service from the entire staff !
this gyro had meat , tomato and onion .
that is hardly how you make a gyro .
not to mention the tzatziki sauce was awful .
so i chose the fries .
she repeated the total .
she told me the pasta salad was on special .
the service was bad and the food was average .
save yourself the hassle and skip this place .
she was very rude .
after seeing other reviews , i'm not surprised !
i've never been treated this way before .
i will never go back to this restaurant again !
their curry lentil is terrible !
i'm sorry but that is not curry lentil .
i'm not sure about now .
very disappointed with new management in this place .
this was the worst i've ever had .
the food also has been terrible .
no more , i am quite done .
then the rest of us have to suffer too .
the toppings are very pedestrian and limited .
traffic jam = a wreck .
worst latte that i have ever had .
no foam , all milk .
the meal itself was marginal at best .
also , their bathroom was an absolute mess .
the place didn't seem very clean either .
just not a good experience .
the sushi was grocery store quality and cold .
however , they always forget the soy sauce .
this place is awful .
instant noodles are not fresh .
noodle soups should not be accompanied by rice .
needless to say , i barely slept .
lighting and sound were spot on .
why would these clothes be art ?
unfortunately , i felt extremely uncomfortable during my stay .
this was , unfortunately , a disappointment .
facebook for tv is what the morning show is .
no one ever got back to me .
the gym downstairs is crowded and messy .
but this particular one is not up to standard .
replacing equipment with crap no one uses .
the worst y i have ever been to .
men 's locker and showers are disgusting .
the list goes on and on .
treated my family like shit .
do not use him he is the worst .
treated my family like shit .
do not use him he is the worst .
so i will try mail it elsewhere next time .
nothing i was after .
i really like this place .
i'm not easily offended .
i am not sure where to start .
it was just bad .
i am extremely disappointed .
the staff is extremely rude .
just old props and singing .
my kids were disappointed .
save your money ppl and catch a movie .
however , the staff is completely rude .
the seating was extremely uncomfortable .
i learned my lesson not to use budget .
however , they certainly didn't have to charge me .
the vehicle received was a kia soul .
one of the worst rental car experiences ever !
truly disgusting business practices .
customer service was terrible .
will never rent from budget again .
avoid at all cost .
worst excuse for customer service i have ever experienced .
do yourself a favor and rent your car elsewhere .
probably worst car rental experience ever .
absolute worst car company !
what i was really signing was the upgrade charges .
this location lost our car after we returned it .
then , the steering wheel had grease on it .
i have used this hertz rental agency twice now .
take caution on renting from hertz .
why are they soooooo slow ?
this the comments i left with hertz .
the car was ok a bit dirty but ok .
just the customer service sucked .
but no insurance amount was not explained to me .
not a person , a box .
definitely not my best experience renting a car .
i probably wouldn't rent from hertz again .
i'm pretty sure i wouldn't rent from hertz again .
but my most recent rental was quite the ordeal .
never leave without a receipt .
even then the service can be poor .
you're wasting my time .
bye bye , hertz .
won't be renting from you again .
a few days later we got a flat tire .
car was also dirty .
this location is terrible .
waste of my time .
more bad planning from the corporation becomes my problem .
customer service rep was also rude to my wife .
i am also not the only one .
too little , too late i am afraid .
woman next to me is livid too .
i'll never rent from hertz again .
hertz is generally not the cheapest .
in phoenix , i am almost always disappointed .
i am very dissappointed with hertz .
the phoenix airport experience is horrendous .
i won't put up with it anymore .
had the worse experience .
ruined our 1st day of our short vacation .
i will never use hertz again .
took longer to rent my car than fly here .
the workers can't do simple addition .
hertz , you are very sneaky and dishonest !
me : no thank you .
worst rental car experience we've ever had .
no explanation or compensation for the wait was offered .
dropping off our car was even worse .
we get it , delays and account problems happen .
worst experience with a rental car to date .
poor customer service and unethical employees .
i want this resolved immediately .
worst car rental experience in my life .
i'd never rent from hertz again !
worst car rental experience ever !
i will never rent from hertz again !
i am now renting from budget and others .
i will never rent from hertz again !
talk about unorganized and slow .
not at this hertz .
will never rent from hertz at the location again !
but not if you're renting from hertz .
i am very disappointed .
he didn't even care to look at his vehicles .
lines to exit are jammed and long .
very , very lame .
my bill was overcharged .
i will never rent from hertz again .
their customer service sucks and they rip you off .
won't rent here again .
no car , no explanation or why .
hertz is horrible at this location .
worst rental car experience ever !
was put on a wait list for an hour .
left messages and no returned calls .
hertz just lost a loyal customer !
avoid hertz at all costs and go to enterprise .
you will avoid a huge headache by doing so .
the wait was ridiculous .
paid too much for a tiny car .
we left a message no call back .
well , it's all crap .
you're wasting my time !
there was zero customer service .
i just rented with hertz in phoenix .
i recently rented through hertz using aaa .
i will never rent from hertz again .
won't rent from them again .
this is my second time renting from hertz .
i learn later there is no gas cap .
car fails on the freeway .
walk across the garage to the gold desk .
are you kidding me ?
do not rent here .
i couldn't believe what i saw .
this is the worst company in phoenix .
avoid this business at all costs .
first , it takes them forever to process customers .
absolutely do not rent from this company .
run , don't walk , away from this company !
think twice before choosing this location and company .
only one person at the car checkout .
do not use this location .
do not rent here .
car would not start .
not surprised by the other negative reviews .
i rented a car from this hertz last weekend .
if i could give negative stars i would .
their customer service is nonexistent .
my experience was terrible .
everything about the experience is horrible and slow .
next time , i'm just getting a cab .
staff was rude and unorganized .
i would never rent through hertz again !
this hertz i had a bad experience getting out .
hey hertz - - - open another exit lane !
at this point , i'm not too happy .
not good times there .
returning it was smooth , too .
i will never rent from hertz again .
i will never rent from hertz again , sadly .
read your documents carefully and learn from my mistake .
do not rent from this place .
hertz in general is a joke actually .
i will never rent from hertz again .
th is place doesn't answer the phone whatsoever .
you can not do anything for me .
worst rental car experience we've ever had .
we barely had room for our luggage .
then she said , " oh , no .
it has no trunk and no back seat .
she said , " i have no idea .
i suggest you avoid hertz at all costs .
extremely long wait time .
unfortunately we purchased online ( don't recommend this ) .
i wish we could leave less than one star .
i can't even believe this happened .
i don't see how this is legal of them .
even then they did not have car reserved .
first time , not too bad .
it wasn't and they gave my car away .
this is annoying and takes extra time .
if i could give them zero stars i would .
unfortunately , yelp requires at least one star .
worst car rental ever !
i hated everything about this .
and the car doesn't have any power .
when is bad service considered fraud ?
on a trip to arizona , be my guest !
i purchased a full tank in advance .
the customer service agents were terrible .
terrible service , horrible cars !
long lines , horrible service , terrible cars !
i cant imagine what that would have cost me .
too bad , they ran out of cars .
shame on me for giving them a second try .
i almost walked away .
the airport location does not answer their phone .
i will be renting from avis in the future .
hertz will likely not be helpful .
i arrived at phx around 6:30 p.m. friday .
this location is very poorly managed .
honestly this place is a big disappointment .
i just don't even know how i feel .
worst customer service experience i have ever had .
awful customer service , they are scam .
the branch manager wasn't helpful either .
worst rental company i have ever dealt with .
we are very unhappy at the wait and service .
i purchased my rental on priceline .
what kind of scam are you running at hertz .
does it not sound ridiculous ?
no biggie , but new to me .
do not waste your time .
the staff at the counter was kind but overworked .
they have lost this customer .
my worst rental car experience bar none .
you should upgrade " it was a nightmare .
hertz is the absolute bottom of the barrel .
hertz would not rent me a car !
no problem , my reservation is the next day .
he can not find my reservation .
as i stated , i am a local resident .
something is seriously wrong with this place .
many folks were calling the corporate office to complain .
i declined this absurd rate .
bottom line , terribly staffed and trained employees .
and not one other car rental agency has lines .
we will never use hertz at this airport again .
there are plenty of rental options at sky harbor .
very shady practices going on here .
there would be an upgrade fee .
she then asks if i want insurance .
shame on you hertz .
i would give this zero or negative stars .
three hour wait to get your car .
people are not getting the car that they prepaid .
i will never ever use hertz again .
very shady additional fees slipped in to my charges .
they seemed to simply not care .
all the other rental companies had no waiting lines .
they will try and wear you down .
very shady practices going on here .
the service level here is very poor .
horrible , horrible service .
very very long line .
the lot attendants will refuse to even acknowledge you .
i rented the car through priceline .
avoid hertz they are not worth the hassle !
they just don't care .
turns out the reservation was through expedia .
the whole process really was very irritating .
that would be so much less aggravation .
kiosk is not better than live employees .
tried to charge me more than i was quoted .
the car had trash in it and was dirty .
i wish i could give this negative stars .
isn't that your entire business model ?
don't waste your time .
however , i believe it should have been free .
every other rental place has 3-5 agents helping .
hertz , hurry up and go belly up .
significant changes in management needed .
very poorly run operation .
i am a hertz gold five star member .
there was no loyalty to me .
couldn't be any worse than hertz at this point !
just avoid this place .
no guacamole , no pico , or anything else .
my friend said that the chips were awesome .
she didn't like it very much .
having said that , their lasagna is tolerable .
which was also a big mistake .
she was very rude as well .
you will not get the best of customer service .
and yes , the customer service is terrible .
get your vehicles off my property ! "
totally , utterly , absolutely unnecessary !
get off my property !
i will never return again .
the girl said that i was rude !
that she was rude and unprofessional is an understatement .
i have never been so badly treated .
three caps came lose .
on the third i stopped going back .
this was the worst dental experience of my life .
plus the facility itself was dirty .
speak with horrible tone and rude .
avoid avis , hertz gave me much better experiences .
terrible car selection and they all have high mileage .
i would stay away from here .
they don't inspect the car before you take it .
she was very rude and short .
great car rental but overall horrible customer experience .
as gold member it was super disappointing .
the vehicles were very basic .
the lady who helped me was so painfully slow .
absolutely would not use again .
we were tired after a long flight .
hopefully , it's limited to this particular location .
the worst car rental experience of my life .
if i could select no stars , i would .
i don't even own a pet .
i advise all my employees to do the same .
not exactly a professional job .
too many other choices .
it's seriously so over the top it's ridiculous .
i'm taking my business elsewhere .
kind of a lame dry cleaner .
the staff is rude and the ambiance is tacky .
but i reserve it in case of emergency only .
but it filled the hole .
grilled sandwiches , smaller portions and cheaper prices .
rock hard flavorless tomatoes , etc .
my egg salad had shells in it .
this place is weak !
this place is horrible .
the service was completely rude .
never very go their for lunch .
the service was horrible and the food was atrocious .
it was worse than bar food .
i couldn't even finish my sandwich .
don't get the blt .
this place honestly shouldn't even call themselves a deli .
i guess they need to listening skills as well .
customer service is non existent .
does not follow up or make things right .
extremely bad customer service .
normally , i would give southwest a five .
once again , the attendant skipped over my row .
two trips ago they badly damaged our luggage .
really kind of sad how far they've fallen .
this one is pathetic .
crowded smelly terminal and old planes .
yikes what a disaster .
o and the " dish tv for free " .
went to the desk , no luggage .
i don't understand how that can happen .
used to be my favorite airline .
i just posted this to southwest 's facebook wall .
is it a lack of employees ?
i'm so glad i was early .
my loyalty to southwest is constantly being tested .
i only wish that was true .
it's not a bargain anymore .
on time performance terrible .
no bad weather anywhere .
cattle run gone bad .
southwest airlines is out of style .
when they are bad - they are terrible .
their system made a mistake - not the traveler .
sadly , this was the tip of the iceberg .
southwest doesn't know the meaning of customer service !
no explanation , no compensation , no communication .
why would anyone fly with this airline .
i sure miss us airways .
additionally , figure out your boarding system .
has n't been real fun .
see ya later , you circus of an airline !
their delays are the worst .
are you kidding me ?
she's rude and looks to argue for no reason .
her tone was aggressive and she was extremely sarcastic .
i am so disappointed with her poor attitude .
no one around me looks happy .
my phone is dying .
taxes for a flight i didn't board ?
i even confirmed with rep over the phone .
it was very busy at that counter .
i have never had such a horrible experience traveling .
i contacted the customer care .
something wrong with this picture .
maybe next year i should go with another airline .
this is my first experience with chicken and waffles .
a bit too weird for me .
i was really disappointed .
the coating on the fried okra was hard .
i was sooooo disappointed with this one .
the cake didn't have flavor , just red .
the service was friendly , but slow .
the service was unbelievably bad .
wife 's plate was just as bad .
very disappointing considering all the good reviews .
i don't care if the chicken is good .
it's not worth the wait .
chicken and waffles do not belong together .
why is the kool-aid flavored red ?
i had so much trouble finding it .
lo los chicken n waffles .
there goes the ambiance .
actual restaurant : too small and cramped .
the chicken was very salty .
salt does not equal flavor .
that 's a cheap way to make it creamy .
they also do not have ac inside this place .
all i did was down fruit punch .
i couldn't enjoy my chicken and waffles .
the chicken was mediocre .
we ate and chatted .
to boot the food wasn't that good either .
but don't expect much in the service department .
this place is not all the hype !
chicken was a little greasy .
it was just ok .
the fried chicken is hit or miss .
not cool lolo 's , not cool at all .
our server didn't make us feel welcomed .
yelpers let me down on this one .
i didn't finish it nor did i want to .
nor was it flavored in any manor .
$ 20+ for soul food that was so bad .
not impressed at all .
hardly worth that long wait .
are they crazy this is still the hood ?
good for groups was a big no for us .
how hard is a salad with chicken .
overall experience in new building has gone downhill .
the bad : the chicken lacked flavor .
the waffle was small and just blah .
the was no standing room inside .
go to down south instead !
from the start the manager was very condescending .
it's a restaurant not a night club .
the chicken was crispy , moist , and flavorful .
that was a tad annoying .
it was kind of too late , anyway .
worse than when we had arrived .
was that too difficult ?
this place will never get my business ever again .
two other things we didn't like .
do not bother and here is why .
nothing to write home about .
the catfish was bland .
the fried chicken is flavorless .
no seasonings at all .
low low quality and high high prices .
very disappointed , just not worth it !
needless to say they lost two customers today .
i didn't like it at all .
i also didn't like how loud the music was .
it did give me a headache .
lastly , the service wasn't very great .
customer service is not favorable .
i will never spend money here again .
the building is adorable , brick wall warehouse feel .
not worth it at all !
the service was slow !
the hostess here is terrible .
the acoustics of that room made it incredibly loud .
annoyed and starving we gave up and left .
the chicken was pretty flavorful but inconsistent .
maybe we've been spoiled with our homemade belgian waffles .
not for the people .
i replied nothing and hung up .
the answer was no !
ok here is the down - low .
but you'll wait for it .
this is not the way to run a business .
no one even acknowledged my existence .
i hate when people make excuses .
just apologize and fix the problem please .
i ordered fried green tomatoes and chicken .
the tomatoes , no where to be seen .
no apology was offered by anyone .
okay , that 's the end of my rant .
without customers then you ain't got nothing .
couldn't even get a salad .
very awkward and rude .
not a very comfortable environment at all .
you people are horrible .
stay away from the red velvet cake nasty !
not worth the wait .
the food was great , but service was awful !
i can not believe i left a tip .
the food was not good .
my toddler didn't even eat their mac and cheese .
it was so dry and disgusting .
no more lolo 's for me .
like literally my friends were also disgusted .
well today we had the worst experience ever .
first an hour wait , okay sunday afternoon understandable .
nope we didn't even get that .
needless to say , they were way better .
also , my order was only partial .
she said my mac and cheese was coming .
she never even checked on us .
i won't be dining here again .
either way the quality seems to have gone downhill !
it wasn't very busy which seemed like a plus .
are you kidding me ?
i'm so angry about my lack of service .
only was checked on one time as well .
i will not be back .
the worst food ever !
the chicken breast was very dry .
food was overpriced for bad quality .
i would not recommend eating here .
sunday afternoons are extremely busy at this phoenix location .
this kinda sucked because i was starving !
it was the catfish served plain on a plate !
so disappointed in today 's visit .
restaurant was not busy at all .
the wait time killed the whole experience .
couldn't enjoy the food like i wanted too .
first , the waffles are always dry , always !
nothing like small chicken and thick kool-aid !
unprofessional employees so loud .
the area doesn't seem safe .
when it was taken the wrong drinks came out .
not worth the time .
corporate should be getting a call from me soon .
horrible don't eat there .
not worth the trip .
let me repeat that horrible .
no eggs which i ordered over medium .
not luke warm but cold .
are you kidding me ?
this is not good ole southern food .
i will not go to this place ever again .
i want to like this place so bad !
i can't recommend this place in the mean time .
but not with that ridiculous wait time .
corn bread was good , but a little dry .
someone needs to fire bruce .
if i could give them no stars i would .
i have never felt so insulted in my life .
needless to say , i couldn't eat here .
i couldn't bring myself to order .
if i could give them no stars i would .
getting in to lo lo 's is ridiculous !
no apologies , nothing .
been here an hour , still no food .
the service was not exactly rude but uncomfortable .
towards the end we did feel a bit ignored .
second worst haircut i have ever had !
never received worst customer service in my life !
i hate assigned seats at a concert venue .
nothing fancy , just water .
way worse than airplane seats in coach !
why are we packed like them ?
i'd hate to be tall and be sitting there .
she didn't disappoint me , however the theatre did !
it was a mess .
don't tell me ! "
we are extremely unhappy about our experience .
don't tell me ! "
wait , that didn't sound right .
my sister could not see anything the whole night .
getting in was a big mess .
it was very frustrating .
i will not return for another event .
was calling to get information on a concert .
things weren't great from the beginning .
i will not use them again .
this company is a total joke .
it still isn't here .
i will not be going there again .
worst nail place ever !
this place is horrible .
it makes me wonder how she treats her workers .
if i could give them zero stars i would .
don't let them rip you off !
this is a poor business practice .
i have had two horrible experiences with this salon .
very unprofessional ran salon .
they wouldn't honor the advertised drink special .
avoid at all costs .
how do you f up a quesadilla , guys ?
stopped for a drink before the symphony .
i find it hard to believe we're invisible .
also , don't get the tortilla soup .
not my first place for a drink downtown !
stopped here for lunch today before the opera .
they are sorely understaffed .
the main reason is the poor service .
these folks ignore customers frequently .
" excuse me , excuse me , excuse me !
she said something about we only need spoons .
the service is horrible !
i approached the manager and he was useless .
when my burger came out , it was undercooked .
worst service ever guy in pink shirt !
gave the place two tries for better experience .
the worst food i had ever tasted .
very dry , no flavor .
disappointed as i was hungry .
service was horrible , just horrible .
also , food was blah .
nothing like some food poisoning at a dive bar .
poor service & dirty glasses .
too busy to bother .
i ignored him and ate .
that 's not the point .
out gas , parking and now a blown evening .
i wasn't really impressed with this place at all .
the rice and beans weren't bad .
i get the girl on the phone .
mmm i could go for some right now .
my eye appointment was a total fail .
i wouldn't recommend this location !
horrible staff and customer service .
the equipment has been breaking all the time .
i really don't like this gym .
poor gym with poor lack of customer service .
okay , not everyone likes sports .
i don't want to watch it .
news does not count .
do not take your children to this location .
i walked in and was asked for an id .
he too asked to see my id .
it literally tasted like blood .
atmosphere can be warmer if the wait staff smile .
it and took care of the transaction .
husband and quick tips " .
decided to not return to this establishment .
my biggest problem is the food .
i won't be back .
i should have never came back .
i can't really add much to it .
the music didn't fit the ambience .
it would fit a sports bar better .
will not go back there again .
not really , though .
the actual flavors really fell short .
i stayed out by this place .
terrible service and average food .
but no one wants to bother having dinner there .
the owner ( blonde ) was at the bar .
nor did we get menus .
the guy next to us had the same problem .
she didn't look , respond , nothing .
again , the al a carte thing isn't clear .
there was barely anything on the shelves .
i'm not going back there .
but , i sure wouldn't write home about it .
i doubt i will be back .
the mt dew was ok .
unfortunately , it has been consistently mediocre at best .
the ribs were barely room temperature .
steaks have either been too tough or overcooked .
worst food i've ever been served .
total waste of money .
mine was cold and not complete .
totally poor customer service .
when the food finally did come it was cold .
you could see the fat just sitting on top .
waitress didn't know menu , she look so lost !
save your money & avoid all together .
i love country music but it was too loud .
its sad that its so bad now .
we all left dissatisfied with this place .
the only place that was empty !
the place smelled like a old dish rag .
there was a thick layer of dust every where .
this place is terrible .
a little dirty place in a bad strip mall .
i told her i thought it looked orange .
the stores just don't compare .
it's not so bad when the weather is nice .
i visited this store the second week it opened .
worst tattoo i've ever had !
i probably should have stuck with pizza .
no vegetarian salad options as promised for our event .
the pizza was extremely greasy , like overly greasy .
i would not recommend this place .
worst customer service ever .
not bad but not good either .
however there lunch sandwiches are pretty pricey .
service is just too laid-back .
my wife will never go back .
the attached gas station is awful as well .
i will not go back there after such disrespect .
beware , ripped off at bj 's !
how is that the consumer 's fault ?
would not recommend this place .
but he will get someone right on it .
so no quality work no return business .
sure they have an egg fee ?
i am tired and angry at the problem .
hit or miss at this place .
yeah i'm kinda getting tired of this place .
not a hard car to wash .
just not a good job .
i think they just put a new sticker on .
do not go here !
ok , no big deal , stuff happens .
the managers excuse was a " new guy " .
but it gets worse .
" you didn't have any floor mats . "
skip forward to june of this year .
are you kidding me ?
i'm beyond sick of this happening .
and this is a waste of my time .
just left bj 's and am very disappointed .
rv bathroom and kitchen area were not cleaned .
we will not be using them again .
don't come here if you're in a hurry .
the only people who weren't rude were the cashiers .
not coming back here again .
what 's funny is my floors were not touched .
i am not going to stay here another minute .
i filed a complaint and they are ignoring it .
they are ignoring me now though .
i didn't even get a call or anything .
austin needs to find work elsewhere .
i used them through my home warranty in april .
i wouldn't use them outside of my home warranty .
i am very suspicious of their prices .
so i used him again and what a mistake !
the owner is very full of himself and rude .
do not use this company .
worst customer service too !
: ( i felt rushed and taken for granted .
not satisfied at all !
i wouldn't recommend this salon .
worst hair cut i've ever received .
the second time was absolutely horrible .
but the service was severely lacking .
i'm disappointed , even for denny 's .
the second slice was hardly even toasted .
this location needs to step up its standards .
this was my experience .
shouldn't it be the other way around ?
how horrible to treat someone that way .
they don't know whom you are !
crappy service , crappy staff , crappy inventory .
rude , rude , rude .
it didn't even look like our ring !
poor poor poor craftsmanship done here .
save your time and money and look elsewhere .
sadly my experience was less than enjoyable .
so me not knowing this industry said okay .
so after i said i want to just cancel .
there is no excuse for this .
i'm seriously about to cry of frustration !
then about a day later the same problem occurred !
after they finished it died again !
he refused saying they did do work .
obviously mark i must be lying .
ordered wings with blue cheese delivered to hotel .
would have been better .
the cheese was plentiful and tasted alright .
the sauce was not that good though .
the crust on the pizza was fairly thin .
i've experienced better pizza elsewhere .
i sent a note of complaint to corporate mcdonalds .
first of all the chicken sandwich was so tiny !
what is there to say , it's garbage food .
dry , flavorless burger .
they suck , food was sloppy .
this was a pretty disappointing place .
clearly poor management , or no management here !
i always warn people i know about this place .
save yourself the headache and just go somewhere else .
plus there customer service isn't that great .
please whatever you do don't go here .
the service department here is terrible here .
please avoid this place .
nobody fixed my problem .
seriously unbelievable and awful management .
do not use this company .
cheap parts that break right away .
horrible horrible customer service .
i will never use this place again .
if i could give a zero i would .
worst place i have ever been to !
i was treated like garbage .
they only said for me to bring my car .
worst customer service ever .
it's the same price as buying a new part !
i was screwed over and learned my lesson .
karma will bite them in the ass asap .
i don't like it .
this place has become just dirty and embarrassing .
just recently i went back a few times .
i don't really visit many truly divey bars .
not a very good part of town either .
i totally get that this is a dive bar .
but honestly i've been to better dive bars .
the first thing that struck me was the location .
i'm sure it was flat .
it was cold though .
not impressed by this place at all .
sad , b/c i've heard great things .
i dig dive bars but this spot is nasty .
my drink tasted off .
i can't see myself coming back here anytime soon .
clearly , this was not the place for me .
my favorite part was getting the shirt .
this is a tough review to write .
this building is old and smelly .
i have never seen a more poorly executed event !
my noodles were over price , and uninspired .
i don't get all the rave reviews .
but nothing to rave about !
ugh i hate a dirty looking crew too !
i split the chicken salad sandwich with my friend .
next time i'm calling the health dept !
tammy is not helpful and very rude to customers .
horrible on the phone .
place your order inside then wait for it outside .
i guess spoiled me with real mexican food .
skip if you have a choice .
you may not be so quick to go there .
place reminds me of an outdoor cafe in mexico .
the food here is awful .
even the fried rice was bad .
idk but i don't like it so much .
the bad : pretty much everything else .
i could not eat this stuff .
i was soo spicy hot , it was inedible .
that was it , i won't be back again .
i asked why it was so expensive .
my first impression of this place was horrible .
the food here is pretty good but horrible service .
the table next to us waited just as long .
flies everywhere and this was inside not the patio !
beyond gross and the tables were disgusting .
won't be back again .
they are not helpful in providing food either .
-- lost its traditional feel through the remodel .
beans again with no flavor .
it's salsa , not marinara , people !
-- chili colorado is just thick , no flavor .
the food was bland .
even the bill paying process was slow .
overall , the food just wasn't good .
won't be going back .
not worth your time or money .
ketchup salsa , yuck .
30+ days later , no response .
the technician stated i did not answer my phone .
do not use this company !
they don't have any sense of customer service .
i've been hung up on lied to and cheated .
they have very poor customer service .
save your time and money and go elsewhere !
then never fixed my refrigerator !
so , so bad .
avoid this repair place .
mind your own business because clearly you are clueless .
i would not recommend this company to service appliances .
scheduling an appointment took longer than acceptable .
avoid them if you can .
worst experience using a company in my life .
the lady in the phone really didn't care .
there are hundreds of better choices .
they out right lied to me twice .
the new lamp wouldn't work , after multiple tries .
this is not what was said in our conversations .
i won't be going back .
price was right taste was wrong .
there was nothing special on it .
chicago hamburger co is where it's at .
this place doesnt believe in seasoning .
chili fries tastes like carl 's jr 's .
hello , rubbery batter !
but the burgers are too thin and lack seasoning .
i really don't get the great reviews ?
there is nothing special about it .
are you kidding me ?
the behavior is unacceptable for a mcdonald 's .
decent hamburgers , horrible service .
she said she'd get that taken care of .
the baked potato was find .
overall not a good experience .
fast food would taste better and cost less .
not a good way to win over customers .
it has potential , but obviously lacks good management .
i wouldn't recommend this restaurant at this time .
i did not , so i just shrugged .
i went with a bacon cheeseburger on wheat .
very disappointing experience at the hamburger works .
but customer service is awful .
do not get the bloody mary .
the place was pretty run down .
the bartender was beyond rude and impatient .
the chicken sandwiches and burgers are no longer consistent .
avoid this place unless you're desperate .
instead i left hungry and angry .
neither of which knew how to cook a burger .
shame on you duke !
this place however , does not !
the food is worse then subway .
and you can tell with one bite .
the roast beef was rubbery and old .
the dip was cold .
just left this place without getting food .
i'm hoping this doesn't happen often .
stood at counter , nobody greeted you .
you walk in and smells like burnt bread .
he did not look happy .
now , i have to search elsewhere .
al pastor wasn't on the menu which was disappointing .
didn't have chips when we asked the waitress .
they are really much more hype than substance .
it's not a " skipped " payment .
it's really an amateur operation .
sadly will be returning to a big bank .
absolutely horrible branch staff & management .
all the bad reviews are true .
the list goes on and on .
avoid this institution at all costs .
i am contacting the bbb again .
there are very long wait times .
calling the bank doesn't help answer your questions .
i like it but then i don't .
but i feel like i get cheated too .
and , this answer is the trap .
there really is very little benefit .
when they realized their mistake they declined the loan .
no one tried to keep my business .
arizona state credit union gives headaches .
doesn't it sound fishy to you ?
it apparently wasn't worth their time .
i guess im not scene enough for this place .
guys in girl pants , here is your venue .
damn that place is hotter than a steam room .
this is not a good review .
she said they would not .
really , she told me this .
they saved me money .
the pm mark was pretty sub-par in my opinion .
i wish i could give this business negative stars .
after all , propane is not my business .
they are rude and unprofessional and ghetto .
no phone etiquette or manners .
my taco tasted just like kfc .
it was crowded and not friendly .
this place was messy and loud .
you call that a green sauce ?
their chips are n't anything special either .
service was ok , carne asada tacos pretty good .
got home and realized i didnt have my burrito .
the girl didnt ' seem to care .
the staff was not friendly at all .
i found out this was a bad idea .
this place is gross .
the food is not good at all .
my drink was flat when she brought it out .
i did not check my order and went home .
i entered the dining room and waited my turn .
the cashier refunded my credit card transaction in cash .
but tonight our shredded beef tacos were literally sour .
won't be going back .
needless to say never going back .
sometimes you just want awesome neighborhood mexican take out .
this is not the spot .
decoration are very dusty .
bathroom was not very clean .
will not be eating that menudo after all .
they use a low end mix .
the burrito was basically beans and very little meat .
that sucks , because i don't care about that .
are you kidding me ?
any good service skills know that that is unacceptable .
and you lost a returning customer .
the service was typical counter food .
it cost you nothing and goes along way .
i would not waste my time on this place .
they literally do not care .
did not enjoy the meal .
parts were cold and very greasy .
meat was tasteless and tough .
rice had no flavor .
will not return here , many other choices available .
food is expensive not the quality for the price .
the cashier was soo rude .
personally i did not like this place .
will not be coming back .
worst customer service ever !
where has customer service gone these days ?
poor , horrible customer service .
do not eat here .
will not be stopping here again .
service was subpar from waitress stephanie .
the redeeming factor was the waitress named india .
i ordered bacon very very very crispy .
what i got was rubbery undercooked bacon .
if not , its very unfair practice .
bad eggs and awful service !
the most horrible experience ever !
would not recommend this location to anyone .
then we received no menus .
it was put back together wrong .
this guy doesn't know what he's doing .
it's just not right .
nothing got fixed either .
through w them this is too much !
however , walk-in service was fast and friendly .
i would not recommend doing business with this company .
shame on grand avenue produce .
grand avenue produce gets a negative star !
did not take out the trash either .
our rooms smelled like piss and sweaty gym socks .
the breakfast is only bread and stale muffins .
first off , this is a motel ( i.e .
it just didn't smell so fresh and so clean .
but really isn't for what you get .
there is no fridge .
sometimes experiences are extremely that bad .
i did not feel safe in this environment .
this place was not clean .
i've stayed in worse places .
broken curtains , and the bathroom walls had stains .
around this time it was past midnight very late .
so i jumped in the shower .
we could smell the " body odor .
i do not recommend this contractor .
do not ever hire them .
dynamite is far from being da bomb .
my review is a zero review as well !
i hate this company .
that 's bad customer service imo .
do not use this company !
they should change the name to the greasy pit .
sadly i think i won't me coming back .
never saw that before in a restaurant .
the meat didn't look too fresh either .
not at your restaurant .
i'm not so sure if i would go back .
bun bo hue was pretty awful .
i will not be going back to this place .
his voice was so loud that everybody stopped talking .
shame on you , pep boys !
don't go here for anything .
way over priced like a few hundred dollars !
dont come after dark .
the wait is extremely to long .
the waiting room is crowded & dirty .
be prepared to wait a long time .
this place is an absolute joke .
had the worst experience in this place .
this wasn't one of those times .
never had a urge to eat here until recently .
do not know how this place stays in business ?
this place really needs to change .
the major problem i had was with the estimate .
don't use this company .
they took forever and didn't communicate well .
do not go to this kfc .
there was only one person servings walk ins .
hell , most managers don't deserve that .
this place is way to slow .
i was so disappointed in pete 's .
i think gross might describe these .
this was the biggest disappointment .
this place is garbage .
the food is disgusting .
it's fried imitation crab sticks .
it's just the food that is so bad .
the fries were limp and flavorless .
fish is not seasoned , has zero flavor .
and how do people think this is cheap ?
i ended up getting the hell out of there .
do not waste you hard earned money .
it must be different in the day time .
stick with the cheap burgers and wings !
that is completely wrong !
i am very displeased !
horrible service received yesterday .
it goes promptly downhill from here .
i'm sorry , why ?
thus , it is not correct . "
-- to drop the ball .
normally , i can't finish two !
" it's chili colorado which is red sauce . "
i stuck with the red sauce .
the beans literally tasted like lard !
an excuse for not taking it all .
sorry yelpers this was awful !
cheese crisp was made with an old tortilla .
cheese was barely melted .
horrible experience compared to previous visits .
the food was just alright .
i actually tip more than their forced tip charge .
restaurant impossible should stop by and help this establishment .
but not taking my business there again !
i don't know how they pass their health inspection .
this place is pretty bad in my opinion .
i was basically on my own to train myself .
the weight room equipment is very old and limited .
staff were not happy .
not sure how this placed passed any health inspection .
no grade was was seen posted .
run down , terrible food and overpriced .
the staff seem to hate being there .
so do not go to this place !
industrial towing should be avoided at all costs .
( check arizona republic for stories ) .
please avoid this tow company .
plus , the chorizo was pretty bland .
could 've used some sausage in there too !
horrible , horrible , horrible service !
he will not return calls .
do not use this company .
but i do not think this company cares .
bread was stale today .
all they use is celery , sprouts and onion !
i will not be back .
calling to get an issue figured out ?
however , this is a college , lol .
other than that , it was sub-par .
so this review goes to the cafeteria .
the carpets are worn to the floor .
the hot tub is a one person small bath .
shouldn't there be a sign or something ?
well , i was wrong .
they have kids doing it .
kind of pretentious , snooty , & stuck up .
you lost a customer .
so off to halo we went .
don't you want the service ?
incredibly horrible customer service .
she acted annoyed , like i was bothering her .
she was polite , but was rushing me .
won't be going back again .
it was such an awful experience .
she was very rude and short with me .
don't even waste your time talking to her .
shame on me tho .
the workers were very rude .
it seems voice mail is the only option offered .
seems to be quite the trend here .
the office staff is rude .
also the office is located within a terrible neighborhood .
the office staff is rude .
also the office is located within a terrible neighborhood .
next appt is sometime in july .
we're glad you appreciated the care for years .
just generic answers i could find on the internet .
was not offered an appt a week later .
wouldn't let me come back at a better time .
i've never had anyone demand my keys before .
there 's no way i'm going back there .
i know , i know .
it's always kierland , kierland , kierland . "
don't hold your breath folks .
so , why not ?
hours later , i get a fax .
" it's not leaking .
these guys here are n't friendly .
customer service is truly lacking .
will not be returning .
do not use these people .
two hours later and i'm still waiting .
not happy , not coming back !
avoid firestone at all possible costs .
total lack of respect of my time and money .
i won't make that mistake again .
one could have been save if treated correctly .
teeth cleaning was sub-par .
that was over a week ago and no response .
i would not recommend coming to this office .
everyone hates the dentist , except me .
instead , sent me to collections .
poor business practice and terrible customer service .
patients that utilize dental insurance , beware .
all in all , a disappointing experience .
avoid at all costs .
hell no , who has time for this shit ?
the staples was nearly empty that time , too .
well maybe they'll stop by on monday " .
um , yeah , that 's not professional !
frustrating when dealing such an important and expensive event .
would not recommend this company .
i wouldn't even come here if i were dead !
i hated kfc for the longest time .
this is the worst kfc location ever !
then , my order was wrong .
the food is inconsistent .
it just went downhill from there .
this is the worst damn kfc i've ever seen .
again returns with no comment .
i am not a fan .
it was very thin and flavorless .
this place is gross .
it all tastes the same - greasy and disgusting .
we will not be going back .
absolutely the worst place in the entire valley .
it sure beats the hell out of this joint .
worst burger place ever .
i won't be back .
this is about where the good stuff ends .
does it not travel well ?
nothing like the dish i was expecting .
have you people never eaten anywhere better ?
mine wasn't much better .
i spend a ridiculous amount of money on food .
the falafel i didn't think was that great .
the worst persian food i ever ate .
i won't be back .
i have nothing more to say than stay away .
but it's not persian .
so not persian food .
because no stars was not an option .
when we arrived , it was pretty dead .
i was so disappointed .
i do know it wasn't good .
my coworker didn't really like his stew either .
i won't be going back .
even their hummus is mediocre .
don't have high expectations if you go .
terribly bland , boring , overpriced food .
overpriced for the quality or flavor you get .
unfortunately , this place lacks just that !
this tasted like cardboard and looked like it too !
disappointed to say the least .
the food was not fresh .
the bread was totally stale .
the plate of food was barely lukewarm .
the dough ( yogurt drink ) was good .
too many other choices in the area .
i spent forty bucks on leftovers .
i said , that 's weird .
bad , bad business .
diamond 's was just plain bad .
i was going to be sick .
the toilet was already full from someone before me .
someone needs to shut this place down .
not this time , i pass .
all in all , i would never go back .
like thick , gooey goo .
i don't know , maybe i'm a snob .
i don't know how this place is in business .
sweet sour chicken had no vegetables .
this place has horrible customer service .
one family walked out as we were getting there .
unfortunately the service was terrible .
it was the worst food and customer service ever .
it was very dirty and run down .
food was bland and tasteless .
overall , just a real low quality experience !
she was told it shouldn't be long .
i would never recommend there unfair services .
no advice , no close look and no explanation .
yes , maybe , and maybe not .
the attitude these guys have is unbelievable !
i just didn't feel welcomed .
they seem to hate that there .
you will waste a lot of money .
i am not a picky eater by any stretch .
carne asada fries were disappointing .
terrible service , every time .
i won't be going here again .
this place could be so much better .
i couldn't believe it !
my purse had money and my passport in it !
i'm sorry i spent any money there today .
thankfully , it wasn't a lot .
so rude and disrespectful to paying ( gay ! )
stupid music and just all wrong !
overall , i will probably be back.
sorry , but i hate this pathetic place !
it's kinda sad , actually .
a shockingly low number .
bartender said there were not any that night .
wow , what a slap in the face .
this is bad karma !
it was so not all that lol .
i'm not likely to come back .
this place is not worth a cover charge .
it's phoenix , not new york darling .
the patio was useless for non smokers !
i am not new to the gay scene .
i hate this place .
it's the absolute worst .
i like charlie 's for the most part .
the music was terrible .
ew , never again .
they treat you like crap .
huge mistake , but i've learned my lesson .
honestly , not a fan .
but it's just meh .
but that 's the only highlight .
why people keep coming back here is beyond me .
the place is just sad .
the drag show was to long and forgettable .
even with the drink specials it's not worth it .
beyond rude work staff .
don't waste your time or money .
my friends dragged me here one time .
not my type of place .
the staff here is very unprofessional .
this is a fucking sauna .
seriously their staff just doesn't give a shit .
not such a big deal though .
but no i received nothing of the sort .
oh no something 's wrong " .
i'm just used to a more friendly office visit .
is that too much to ask for ?
i could not believe it .
there is no added value at all .
update : they also screwed up my prescription .
tamales don't compete with local fare .
just not spicy enough for us .
unfortunately , they are totally unreliable and inconsistent .
did i ask for rice and not get any ?
and i'm a mediocre cook .
no delivery on orders .
what mexican restaurant doesn't have carnitas ?
no complimentary chips and salsa with order .
the enchiladas are not good .
the rice is boring .
maybe i just ordered the wrong things .
highly disappointed on all levels .
my tostada was so soggy it was disgusting .
the rice was undercooked and a bit dry .
the shredded beef taco was dry and underwhelming .
i will not be spending my money here again .
however , the customer service is seriously lacking !
okay , it's cheap .
found it pretty boring and plain .
won't be heading back anytime soon .
the food is mediocre at best .
this place is mediocre at best .
it's like they don't even try .
there are so many better choices .
i would not come here again for the food .
ate here this weekend and what a disappointment !
what the hell happened to this place ?
i guess the owners just don't care anymore .
they could literally not try any less .
nope i will never be back .
it didn't make any sense to me .
it was dirty and the food basically sucked .
i wouldn't recommend this restaurant , unfortunately .
this restaurant lately has not been good .
the only thing worth eating was the salsa .
ordered the carne asada burrito with rice and beans .
being mexican , this food was disappointing .
so , i guess we can complain .
the eggs were disgusting !
the potatoes were burned .
i also feel like they were frozen potatoes .
the chicken i had inside felt like rubber .
it was ok i guess .
most likely won't visit again .
i just purchased a gun from this pawn shop .
and all we got was boring old ice cream .
maybe they were just having a bad night .
rip off and slow .
not really impressed with their ice cream .
that was fine as that was all we desired .
the menu stated clearly that closing time was 10pm .
i did not know what he ordered .
this was very disappointing .
i , however , was extremely disappointed .
sadly , we had a horrible experience there tonight .
tonight , i went with kids .
on the drive home i could smell onion rings .
and quickly down water .
slow service and overpriced ice cream .
this time it wasn't !
bananas are dirt cheap .
been coming here for years .
consistently slow service , inside as well .
the mix is way off .
did i mention the slowest drive-thru ?
this particular franchise appears to have really poor management .
nothing special here just over priced mexican food .
the score is low because the delivery is slow .
i gave this place a try two times .
unfortunately i will no longer return .
not so much anymore .
smoking here will continue and no one will mind .
just leave any filtered cigarettes at the door . "
this place just sucks .
one point for cheap drinks .
this place is hard to rate .
at least the beer is cheap , i guess .
vegetarian fast food options are limited .
then , they got my order wrong .
the food is also garbage .
i got a sausage egg and cheese burrito .
i ordered the jalepeno honey chicken biscuit .
absolutely the worst taco bell food i've ever had .
a complete waste of time and money .
we won't be going back.
worst taco bell ever .
i never have this problem on 3rd st !
they are rude and unprofessional .
if i could put zero stars i would .
i had a horrible experience at this office .
then she got up and walked out .
he never once looked me in the eye !
avoid this practice at all costs !
i really needed to begin taking medication .
this is not typical or acceptable .
so , i am going elsewhere .
the office staff is awful .
this place is horrible .
by far the worst staff ever .
and , the staff is completely rude and disorganized .
there isn't a lot to choose from anyway .
my teriyaki chicken was just meh .
and it smelled like fish .
she also didn't finish her eggroll .
sushi is supposed to be bite sized .
i won't be going back again .
don't waste your time , money or appetite .
they do not deserve to stay in business .
i would not recommend this place .
the quality of food is not good .
there are too many other options with better quality .
clearly will not return .
no flavor , the chicken was fatty .
took two bites and threw it in the trash .
just didn't seem fresh .
that should have been the first clue .
the chicken was dry and tasted old .
the vegetables tasted old and were inedible .
even the rice sucked .
gave this place another try .
i am quite certain the standards have fallen greatly .
this place is always dead for a reason .
teriyaki sauce was totally weak and tasteless .
i'm so disappointed and angry .
overly over price to be in the hood !
screw this place and screw john !
it was not yummy .
it was not inexpensive .
it did not refill soda drinks .
it had no other customers .
i expected a lot better from the reviews .
it was never terrible or inedible , just blah .
i am just not one of them .
the egg rolls are more like egg roll tapas .
moo shu chicken was flavorless .
needless to say , we won't be back .
o dog blew in for some to go .
prices up and portions weak .
goodbye my once trusted prime .
very disappointed with the orange chicken .
too many other places for asian fare .
don't waste your time or money .
prices are not bad but selection could be better .
i have always felt the customer service was terrible .
ok so i go to turn it in .
i would not recommend this office to anyone .
i would not recommend this practice .
the problem was fixed !
she did not apologize .
she was actually very unprofessional and rude .
this place is unbelievable !
i called to cancel and was treated so rudely .
i don't do doctors who don't listen .
needless to say , we have n't been back .
she did not even address half of my concerns .
dr. **** was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i couldn't believe it .
they scheduled me for 6:00 pickup .
it was a nightmare .
no one ever called me .
the doctor was an incompetent ass .
not the german shepherd .
they refused to offer any other alternative .
it was very disappointing .
so i said there 's no way .
shame on money hungry alta vista !
it was beyond rude .
very strange experience with alta vista .
the staff immediately responded and ran some tests .
i do not expect anyone to work for free .
my warning is be careful with this place .
i'm very disappointed in alta vista .
my experience today started out just lackluster .
as owner she doesn't know who 's responsible .
this is a big problem for me .
this was not the case here .
it was just so ridiculous .
what a huge waste of time .
it was beyond ridiculous .
i've never been treated so poorly in my life .
they are ridiculous over priced even for a vet .
not to mention they were incredibly apathetic .
so i left , with my dog .
alta vista is a terrible place .
i am not impressed .
for a very sick cat .
and he was still sick as hell .
and they ignored me .
did my dog get better , yes .
i doubt i will go back .
vets seemed young , inexperienced and at best unhelpful .
i ordered the taco salad with beef machaca .
and i can not understand why people do .
i'm paying for this shit .
i really hated this place .
i got the beef flautas and they were awful .
the shells were somehow soggy and flavorless .
i hate this place .
i will never be back .
i could walk here from my house .
it's cheap and has a big menu .
i am so disappointed with mi patio .
but that is not what happened at all .
nothing that would make me come back though .
it's not that great .
honestly , i couldn't recognize anything but the flautas .
it looked like a salad .
he was a white guy .
good margaritas , mediocre food .
you couldn't pay me to eat here again .
friendly staff but food is simply mediocre .
won't be recommending it .
back in phoenix and back to mi patio .
it was good but nothing special .
no one stopped us to ask why .
they just didn't care .
i didn't really care for the salsa .
also , the chips were stale .
my husband had beef tacos with rice and beans .
he didn't finish his plate .
we were pretty convinced that our waiter was high .
the margaritas are good but cheap for a reason !
for me , i can't bare to chance it .
i would not recommend .
chips tasted stale and salsa was just so-so .
i would not recommend nor will i be back .
do not get the taco salad !
kind of a mess .
the rest of the restaurant experience is horrible .
the restaurant wasn't even full .
service was not attentive in the least .
soft drinks were flat .
service wasn't much better .
the worst i have had here in phoenix .
the food was gross .
should not of done that , food was nasty .
will not go again .
i was extremely disappointed .
i trusted yelp and this time i got burned .
the service was slow but very friendly .
the service was terrible .
the staff seemed extremely indifferent towards the guests .
it was just not good food .
two beef tacos , rice and beans .
the beans were tasteless as well .
the complimentary chips and salsa were just as bad .
rice & beans had no flavor .
this was my 5th visit .
i'll stop giving this place anymore chances .
as i entered i was greeted and seated promptly .
the coffee was hot but possibly reheated .
i have had worse but also much better .
the plate was drowned in the yellow stuff .
unfortunately i will not be coming here again .
my husband and i went here for lunch .
a very generic response .
there was no cheese on my husband 's chimi .
he asked for it , but never got it .
cheap drinks made with cheap booze .
one of the worst mexican restaurants i've eaten in .
service was awful as well .
really really bad food .
still we were stupid enough to try it .
the food was terrible .
as noted : disappointing .
this place is terrible !
would certainly not come back here any time soon !
i won't be back .
pricing , it's ok .
the owner was not there .
that was not comforting .
dropped off at 10:30 on a wednesday .
requested them to " comp " one shirt .
then , i met the older lady .
she is the reason why i have not returned .
her attitude was quite condescending .
it was a very unpleasant experience .
diane and his son are very rude and unprofessional .
bad service , bad attitude , bad selection .
not the selection or the price .
seriously no customer service .
your not going to screw me buddy sorry .
would i recommend this company ?
save yourself additional money and stress and go elsewhere .
will not return to this location .
the fade and side burns were uneven .
i chose three chicken chunk items .
let this be your warning .
oh god what a disaster .
the only way to describe it was sub-par .
i didn't try it .
avoid these items like the plague .
ownership and staff is mildly rude .
counter staff turns over frequently .
i purchased a huge calzone using my debit card .
i co-worker challenged me to a pizza taste test .
ours came out quickly enough , and was accurate .
nothing seems particularly bad , just underwhelming .
a little steep for that neighborhood , i think .
well there are no rewards here for that !
sigh , so much for my favorite pizza place .
her loss , pino 's loss .
sadly , no more .
the guy sitting there was nice though .
i felt bad for having to deal with her .
it wasn't anything spectacular .
basic takeout pizza options in phoenix still suck !
food was less then spectacular .
totally from a box , flash frozen .
so it wasn't all bad .
in fact it wasn't bad tasting .
kinda old , cute menus with home made paper .
but when there are not better options .
i am not done with thai rama .
canned peas and corn in my soup and curry .
the flavor was very mediocre .
but i probably won't be back , either .
its just the sauce was bad .
i really was hoping for a better dish .
their curry reputation is reason to go back .
but the food couldn't save it .
all three were fails in my book .
too sweet and the noodles lacked definition .
it wasn't my favorite .
thai rama ding don't go here .
the food was overpriced and bland .
do yourself a favor and skip this place .
i called and called and no one answered .
guess i am ordering from somewhere else .
i felt like the chicken skewers were dry .
but really strange experience .
i am not eager to come back .
that 's extremely rude .
don't bother coming here .
dined at thai rama tonight .
assorted vegetables & tofu in yellow curry .
not what i ordered .
thai e san here we come .
i'll stick to thai basil next time .
i been here before it was great .
i'm never coming here again .
they tried to play god .
nurses made one critical mistake after another .
the hospital doesn't care about people .
i left feeling like i was neglected .
the first test ordered was a urine sample .
i entered er with severe back pain .
the rooms are n't even cleaned .
the hospital needs to get a cleaning crew asap .
then their fees for services are insane .
wan na know why health care is so expensive ?
avoid at all costs .
i would not recommend dignity health to anyone .
there 's not much we can do here .
i am so frustrated i can't stand it !
my last visit however not so much .
they did not admit her , into the hospital .
unfortunately it went south after that .
no she does not !
i went downstairs to get water bottles .
then the next thing she wanted was an mri .
maybe this should be called the va hospital .
this is a horrible hospital .
it was very unacceptable treatment .
unfortunately i do not recommend them at all .
i would rather die at home then go back .
downright obnoxious and it should be against the law .
pa not called to see my arm .
all while i was unable to breath .
they then pulled the mask off of me .
not the actual surgery .
they are horrible and have many complaints against them .
emergency room lacks compassion .
dr ross is a bad doctor .
worst experience in my life .
not after my er experience .
this place is horrible .
bad customer service in emergency room .
this hospital is lacking in compassion and care .
were fine , until wednesday night .
the x-ray tech offered me two blankets .
my mother never left the hospital again .
it was very unprofessional and against privacy .
there is zero patient privacy !
she then proceeded to not get back with me .
it had lettuce and cheese on it , too .
so dull and bland .
it's yummy but not worth driving here for .
maybe i didnt look hard enough .
i wont say there 's no pride .
limited , unhealthy menu .
a tad bit worn both interior and exterior .
protein was tough and soup tasted run down .
the fry bread house sounded amazing !
in an extremely offensive manner .
he offers my boyfriend fry bread with beans .
it's not melted or anything !
of course , it was terrible food .
bland -- and nothing interesting .
not much flavor in the red chili .
the shit was disrespectful as hell .
i sat down and waited for my menudo .
that ish didn't even taste good .
nothing too great about this place .
won't be going back .
i am just not sure why the great rating .
they are too busy to pay attention to you .
i've had a horrible experience here .
got no time for that !
what is wrong with healthcare in this city ?
i just don't get it !
i have left multiple messages and still nothing .
this is unacceptable to have such poor communication !
i had a horrible experience with them .
shame on these people .
my mother never left the hospital again .
this place is horrible .
my doctor prescribed me the incorrect meds .
a miserable front office .
but you can not see them !
unfortunately the staff is not so great .
it made me laugh out loud .
can't believe they sell nazi items here .
apparently i'm too nice .
i am too nice .
now , they are trash .
i'll not be going back .
however , use this establishment at your own risk .
she took my order , no explanation .
not the best i've ever had .
it was hard as a rock !
i don't see any real reason to go back .
this was my first visit .
counter service was simply unfriendly .
the atmosphere and decor leave much to be desired .
how do you mistake egg salad for turkey ?
we walked in , and were not even greeted .
she said somebody would call me the next day .
manager said , that was a mistake .
that is the only positive thing i can say !
it is dirty and sketchy looking .
may i have the contact info for the manager ?
this company clearly is not interested in customer service .
won't be using them again .
how frustrating is that !
of customer service needs to be fired immediately !
can't wait till our lease is up .
living here was the worst experience !
the management has been horrible .
sorry cactus , but i won't be coming back .
only three things are possible .
unfortunately the same dj .
yup karaoke all over the speakers .
dj can play any song requested .
why this employee is still there is beyond me .
someone stole my bike at this location .
( a big mistake ! )
bad karma happens to those who steal .
i couldn't hear the movie the whole time .
i could avoid the crowd and noisy people .
this is the worst theater in the harkins chain .
don't waste your time the way they wasted mine .
then they hung up on me .
this place is not that good people .
not to mention she kept touching her nose .
the entire parking lot smells of rotten garbage .
unappetizing , unsanitary , and disgusting .
sadly , i was disappointed .
not in this case .
i just wasn't impressed .
i wasn't impressed with the restaurant dcor and cleanliness .
but i was very disappointed on my final bill .
that 's why i gave them a one star .
very nice people but foul food .
rubbery tasteless spring rolls .
inedible vermicelli with egg rolls and grilled pork .
the " vegetables " were horrid bland tasteless .
the worst vietnamese restaurant in phoenix .
like you might get sick bad .
the scheduling process is ridiculous and complicated .
so they really don't give a crap .
too bad oh soo sad .
get a clue , people !
this place is alright but not the greatest .
their tacos are not authentic tacos in my opinion .
the guacamole taste like frozen store quality .
poor service and low quality food !
it's thin and flat ?
never saw a flat catfish before .
not a lot of flavor .
but looks a little like a cafeteria .
it has no flavor whatsoever .
fish was over cooked , shrimp was bland .
even the soda didn't taste right .
they didn't have this at the other location .
i just walked out .
he didn't receive his final paycheck after leaving .
i would caution anyone considering using this firm .
i would never support his business again .
and service is as bad as ever .
it was very unappetizing .
this place is disgusting !
it's dirty and the food is not worth it !
unfortunately everything is bad .
been here twice and they are rat infested !
too bad da vang wasn't like that .
that is just completely wrong .
again , total disappointment .
made me want some enchiladas .
but i won't be back .
the service was horrible .
second , the food that arrived was overcooked .
i'm sorry , but this place is sad !
da vang is not that place .
now for the bad .
disappointing , disappointing , disappointing !
not sure how else to describe it .
my meal never showed up at da vang .
no apology , no empathy .
so , definitely a big zero for service .
the chicken pho was mediocre at best .
stir fried noodles with pork & shrimp .
sauteed beef with lemongrass over rice .
i guess i won't be going back ever again .
ate here again just the other day .
for me like my blood pressure was going up .
guess i'm skipping lunch today .
the fish oil had no flavor .
the staff was friendly and the food was okay .
i was not thrilled to say the least !
eggrolls were greasy & the chicken was way overcooked .
if only zero star was available .
does anyone know good vietnamese restaurants in the valley ?
food was not good quality .
foods great but english isn't .
i got nothing helpful from them .
stop waste my time .
i don't have time to waste at all .
i'm never going there again .
the place has always been slow on delivery .
it was like a bad episode in real life .
it def smelled bad and it was not water .
i walked them over and pointed at the cockroach .
the most horrible restaurant experience ever .
the pho was mediocre at best .
there was little flavor and tasted pretty bland overall .
the spring rolls were mediocre as well .
didn't taste fresh like they should have .
overall , this place has fallen off .
when we got there , service was horrible !
none of them were on the same page .
the pickled veggies were sad strings .
we left full but unsatisfied .
cashier lady is rude !
the location isn't the best location .
the speaker at the drive-thru doesn't work .
save yourself the time and headache go to kfc .
staff is unfriendly and rude .
their corporate office and how they will deny it .
i would hesitate to purchase any frozen items here .
i would not recommend this place .
might as well not wash your hands .
thats how bad it was to me .
the decor is dated and ugly .
my food is never all the way hot .
this will save you a trip and disappointment .
oh yeah let me get right on it .
total body conditioning was listed !
it just wasn't the experience i was expecting .
needless to say , i did not go back .
really a drab smelly dreadful place !
sorry but customer service is lacking here .
i feel sorry for them .
how gross is that ?
it's not safe after dark !
don't bother going inside .
ick ick ick and ick .
do yourself a favor and skip this mess !
oh , how the great have fallen .
tenants left , and so did patrons .
i don't see myself ever going back .
not much to this mall .
fool me twice , shame on me ? "
the waiting area was very small and dark .
that wasn't gon na happen .
the room was dirty , trash on the floor .
i will not return to this hospital ever again .
i was so hungry , i tried it anyways .
the rice is barely enough .
the worst part have got to be the service .
i would not go back because of the service .
methinks not , " then one star it is .
also , the place is a filthy dive .
i just don't care .
the menu was somewhat generic .
the staff is extremely rude .
they've definitely lost myself and my friends as customers .
even for cheap chinese the food was not good .
what s waste of $ .
my boyfriends mongolian beef was also absolutely disgusting .
do not eat here .
i ordered house chicken for pickup .
few locations and limited online ability .
there are plenty of better options .
why don't you make more money ?
also this location has no water in their fridge .
unprofessional staff and lack of customer appreciation .
i find this so ridiculous .
the doctor is very very very old fashioned .
reduced hours for bowling !
this location is terrible .
my whole family will never be coming back .
she was very rude and cold .
i just am never going back .
i will never use banfield again .
i miss her terribly .
none of these dogs are as smart as her .
lazy vet exam leads to poor quality care .
i won't be signing up for this again .
not helpful at all .
i have been very disappointed in this kfc .
my orders are consistently wrong .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
we gave them to a drive through customer instead .
we didn't see any managers try to fix things .
this employee named jonathan was totally and utterly clueless .
every time , they have messed up my order .
tonight , i have had it .
then they got my order wrong .
i am really let down .
i used to like kfc .
too many good places to choose from .
isn't this deceptive advertising ?
bought chicken for my family for dinner tonight .
they regularly get my order wrong .
i'm partially to blame since i keep going back .
took one bite and threw the whole meal away .
i ended up walking out empty handed .
so i went to the bar and just ordered .
i am a fan of dives .
my husband added cheese to his .
cooked to death , very dry and flavorless .
honestly , it was a disappointing trip .
again , empty drinks .
the burgers were ok , not great .
everyone else 's had the same problem .
but at least the mini corn dogs were good !
beer battered and gooey , with tons of ranch .
needless to say , it was very disappointing .
why is this place deserving of such buzz ?
even the cheese didn't shine through .
so in i walk .
tv is on , college basketball .
went for a bite .
there nearly no flavor at all .
i hate those frozen steak fries !
beer price is ok .
the server was nice , but very slow .
and my cell phone still smells like the restaurant .
don't eat here or eat at your own risk !
there is also no mention at their website .
worst customer service i've had golfing in the valley .
first thing i noticed is the selection sucks .
awesome store , especially to walk around in .
the people there suck bad !
i will never be back .
i was willing to spend the money tonight .
i don't know and don't care .
i won't be back .
i talked to dan as the manager on duty .
return policy is not great as well .
i feel like it's slowly going downhill .
worst counter service i have ever received .
she tossed it in the bag and walk away .
not a good idea !
it was confusing and a little gross .
this one 's not for me .
i'm sorry ; this place is just weird .
it was , frankly , pretty disappointing .
i won't be going there again .
their attitude is terrible .
they could give a crap about anything there !
the only thing that was good were the pitas .
the not so good : the calamari salad .
this was not it .
we had a very bad experience here recently .
it was a very mediocre salad too !
the place is dirty , parking is rough .
i would not take a date there .
i would not take a co-worker there .
i would not go there for a business lunch .
two tomato slices and they were rotten !
i feel bad for anyone who goes there regularly .
my usual salad wasn't as fresh tasting .
had very bad experience .
wrong way to take of a situation .
tonight was just the last strike for this location .
dinner was a gyro and fries .
the pita bread and the gyro meat was burned .
i was not told how long it would be .
there was no consideration for me the patient .
honestly worst doctors office ever !
wasted half my day in a freaking doctor office !
was considering this office i am no longer interested .
i wouldn't recommend this place .
receptionists are rude on the phone .
my nurse practitioner was rude .
( mrs. berry ) .
they pack people in wall to wall .
receptionists are rude and incompetent .
she has no business working with the public .
this pizza hut is a joke .
hell i may never order pizza hut again .
am i forced to give a single star ?
instead she just cancelled my order all together .
it's been a long , long , long time .
tried it out again and still disappointed .
under cooked dough pizza with raw spinach on top .
the only good part was the crust .
there are better dry cleaning options in the area .
my experience here was horrible .
first time was the saturday before easter sunday .
i understand they were extremely busy because of easter .
waste of time & money .
nail technician rude and didn't do a good job .
today was the last time .
no detail , presentation , or taste .
some of my shrimp looked old .
i doubt i go back .
overpriced , no customer service , weak selection .
this is why people shop at home depot .
dishonest , rude employees .
service here is pretty bad .
these people were so rude !
will not be eating here again .
disappointed , was really craving a mexican burrito .
horrible service and horrible food .
will never waste my time or money there again .
but who knows no one really said .
it was lackluster and not very tasty .
i has a bad experience here .
no guacamole , nothing .
i know homemade versus canned and these are canned .
the cheese crisp was really lacking and very oily .
much better food , and not from a can .
the shrimp itself was extremely rubbery and overcooked .
will not be back .
gooey cheese and yummy sauce .
however , the shredded beef taco was very disappointing .
a tad dry but i've had worse .
the fried taco shell was extremely tough and chewy .
they refuse to put green chile in enchiladas .
i went from twice a week to never !
chicken and broccoli was eh .
that 's pretty bad .
i gave this restaurant several chances .
they sent us the wrong one .
we've been disappointed with them twice now .
horrible food at way inflated prices .
over all the pizza was not a big hit .
the coconut filling was bland and almost doughy .
not worth it at all .
very disappointed in the food & lack of response .
the sauce was eh .
i wish i just had cereal .
too small for anything !
he is nice and fairly personable .
i'd give it zero stars if i could .
it reflects the ghetto area surrounding it .
customer service is pathetic .
it is mexican by a stretch of the meaning .
the orders are always wrong !
seriously , just keep driving , do not stop .
repeatedly the worst taco bell ever .
amazon is the better way to go .
i am very disappointed .
be careful don't be fooled by the friendliness .
this one is consistently horrible !
worst whataburger i've ever been to .
i was highly disappointed .
the food was cold .
now it's just lame !
this was literally the worst experience of my life .
it was very frustrating as you can imagine .
the car is having the same problems .
some of the worst food i've had , period .
the soup was yellow , thick , and cold .
almost left when i walked in .
food looked gross and not prepared properly .
still ate some and it did not taste right .
after that no one ate their food .
maybe just raising her voice would have helped .
i won't be going back .
i would not recommend anybody eat here .
" it's a little off .
the hashbrowns were mushy inside like mashed potatoes .
the food was over priced too .
i would not recommend eating here .
no repeat visit here .
i still think she ripped me off .
i left a fat tip .
i had horrible service the first time .
but pho bang takes shabby and runs with it .
the noodle bowl was ok too .
nothing to write home about .
i would say avoid this place at all cost .
i'll not be going back .
there are too many waiters and not enough cook .
maybe she was having a bad day .
dirty , crowded , with unhappy employees working there .
cheese steak was alright not the greatest .
all in all would probably not come back again .
needless to say i have never returned .
the pizza wasn't bad , i've definitely had worse .
the crazy bread was awesome .
hot and ready is a lie !
avoid this place at all costs .
they are just as bad as a bank .
10am friday morning , no call from samantha .
so i talk to alex , another supervisor .
she is apparently busy and can not talk .
once , i can understand , stuff happens .
the " hospital " staff is the worst .
this is for the groomers .
the groomers seemed irritated and impatient .
overpriced , usually broken , sometimes used wal-mart garbage .
i hate having to go here .
horrible service all around .
don't know how much lower it can go .
i would not recommend this place .
the gate was installed crooked .
this is not right .
over all the employees were lazy and rude .
i know i'm lame .
dont even waste your time .
the bed room up stairs was awesome .
this place obviously does not .
probably not going back .
this place is gross !
we were very excited about this club at first .
we were very confused .
other than thinking , " are you fucking serious ?
this is a horrific mcdonalds .
just wasting water in the desert and smoking .
how gross are you mcdonalds ?
may be the worst mcdonald i ever been to .
won't be coming back for a while .
now how gross is that ?
shouldn't the combo be a standard item ?
no free one that day .
the product line is the same as every subway .
not a single good beer .
there 's something wrong with my dog 's eye .
they just left us hanging .
but i needed to get that shirt .
the staff was as helpful as possible .
everything else is very poor .
adding on unnecessary charges not approved by me .
however , the customer service was horrendous .
looked like he could be a mechanic .
this was the worst possible hotel experience ever !
the staff here are extremely rude .
if i ran this place i'd fire everyone .
price seems to be the only positive here .
the worst auto zone i have been to .
go anywhere but here .
don't ever eat here the employees are racist .
had my first bad experience with this place tonight .
awful place with poor customer service .
went to drive thru , smh .
they are always long and slow .
walmart has faster lines and i hate walmart lines .
i called phoenix pest to get an estimate .
do not use this company .
you will get better rates and better service elsewhere .
i called phoenix pest to get an estimate .
do not use this company .
you will get better rates and better service elsewhere .
do not use this company !
this place is trash .
bad service bad dancers bad customer service .
this is the worst strip club in phoenix !
the bartender was really pretty shitty drinks though .
i left and i will never go back .
wasn't at all like i remembered .
wasn't happy with this time .
it sucks , this place went down hill fast !
don't waste your time or money .
scam -- no dancers and no refund !
i would suggest staying far away from this place .
worst strip joint i have ever been to !
side dish wise , i was very disappointed .
the waitress wasn't too friendly .
found most of the tables empty .
took too long for as slow as business was .
the pancakes were fine , but nothing special .
the food isn't all that great .
my ribs were cold when they arrived .
i got sick that night .
the zucchini app for the table was a-ok .
the salad dressings threw me off a bit .
the potato was fine .
the decor is cowboy steakhouse .
the fries were soggy .
the service was mediocre at best .
they surely need a make over .
the ribs were the worst i have ever had !
the only thing my wife liked was the chicken .
sorry guys , but very disappointed .
i am not from the area .
usually not a good sign .
they were rock hard and dry .
didn't see that coming .
the thing is the service was so slow .
it took forever to just get the burgers .
the baked beans were pretty tasty .
the pulled pork was bland .
no smokey flavor in any of the pieces .
this wasn't one of those places .
grabbed my lettuce and tomato and thought wtf ?
not surprised this place is closing soon .
shut the damn doors already !
i had a flavorless steak .
it needed spices and was really tough .
after reading the reviews , we expected greatness .
those waitresses were very grumpy .
the bbq sandwich was just fair .
don't waste your time going to the restaurant .
the chicken was cold , dry , and tough .
the ribs were over cooked and dry .
the iced tea was old and stale .
i'm not happy its gone , but no wonder .
either it's safe or it's not .
rent different guns to see what you shoot well .
they were rude on the phone and in person .
ill never go back once i get my gun !
careless staff and they let anyone in .
i was without a shower until this was done .
this review is not for poor workmanship and quality .
i don't know how this place stays in business .
it tasted like pure grease .
worst service and food i've ever had .
it is a complete waste of money .
do not go here for piercings !
when i say their customer service is terrible .
i'm taking my business elsewhere .
seemed very nice on the phone .
then again , received no answer .
nothing as of yet -- very frustrated .
i wasn't very impressed with this location .
i like to know the good and the bad .
but they need better trained staff .
all of their teachers are not certified .
they didn't try to resolve it .
well , they out right ignored me .
the crab puff had no filling .
delivered to la quinta hotel .
i wouldn't waste your money here .
so unprofessional and rude .
waste of time and gas .
i would not recommend this place .
horrible service , mediocre food .
terrible food + terrible service .
food is not that great .
very expensive they charge for ice tea refill .
they are the worst agency ever .
they are worth nothing , so you get nothing .
she answers me , lying , " no " .
if i could give zero stars i would .
don't waste your time !
talked to management and nothing was done !
below average qt in my humble opinion .
he was just very rude about it .
one has a bad attitude .
i will not be back to this store location .
should i sleep in my car tonight ?
not even worth the call .
can i give zero stars ?
i would never ever recommend these guys .
i may give it another try for dim sum .
would not go back again .
i did not go for the dim sum .
not a huge fan of dim sum .
it was busy the entire time we were there .
i went to try the walnut shrimp with mayonnaise .
some call it crystal shrimp others mayonnaise shrimp .
: ) i really wanted to like this place .
i will not be back .
the carts were few and far between .
nothing stood out as great or horrible .
shrimp in lobster sauce .
dim sum on a busy saturday .
unfortunately , this is my least favorite place .
the eggplant with the shrimp on top was old .
even the chinese broccoli was old and over sauced .
greasy and low quality .
too bad bc i used to love this place .
even when they're busy , they don't ignore customers .
i would not recommend this restaurant to any one .
don't order their soups , its loaded with msg .
the service - bad !
the quality of food here was terrible .
i won't be making the trek back there again .
very disappointed this time around .
service is very very poor !
mediocre dim sum if you're from southern california .
the place was pretty busy at 9am .
the food didn't taste fresh to me .
the service ruined what was great food .
and that is really sad .
needless to say , we won't be coming back .
staff is so rude .
also some of there food are too oily .
the service was the worst i have ever experienced .
if i could give them zero stars i would .
the dim sum was very greasy and soggy .
they don't burn noodles .
i will not be eating here again .
poor quality dim sum .
all the server just standing there and hangout .
the cart people always look unhappy .
what a disappointing experience .
so there is not much i can say here .
i won't be going back .
food was underwhelming and too greasy .
didn't see the usual options offered at dim sum .
the food isn't even that good .
this place feels very low budget .
pretty uncomfortable if you ask me .
food is jus pretty bad .
if not that , it's just way overpriced .
are you kidding me ?
this restaurant had the worst customer service .
they both burned me , never again .
never go to this just brakes .
the manager is very rude .
i'm not too happy about that .
he didn't put the pads back on the car !
the coffee was old and not very hot .
food isn't fully cooked .
my english muffin was hardly toasted .
just tasted like bread and butter .
our server was luis and he was very attentive .
the cooks just need to get it together .
worst service ever and the manager was awful .
hash browns soggy with grease .
this place has the absolute worst service ever .
the worst place i've ever experienced .
this place is terrible .
the customer service stinks !
with a table of seven , everybody complained .
my pancakes tasted like fish .
if i could give no stars i would .
i'm so disappointed in denny 's .
the worst denny 's i've ever been too !
i refused to eat it or send it back .
from there it just got worse .
food came out cold and/or extremely greasy .
but a reliable late night breakfast .
service at this restaurant is terrible .
the meat was gross .
he says they were pretty good .
i've had two bad experiences .
went for lunch today and never got my order .
i will not go back !
just avoid this place and save yourself some frustration !
why can they make good al pastor tacos .
don't even use real corn tortillas .
the only good thing was the horchata .
and the pharmacist didn't even have a dang clue .
do not rent here under any circumstances .
shut this place down seriously !
flavor wasn't too bad .
so it is take out or delivery only .
the guy working the counter wouldn't honor the coupon .
unfortunately , i found it to be so-so .
the second time was funny , why ?
so i rescheduled for an ultrasound the following week .
so now , i come back for my ultrasound .
and i refuse to have a horrible birth experience .
it was not taken !
less than stellar experience on this simple order .
worst pizza service i have ever had .
but they made sure to charge me !
she asked me for the address of my location .
this pizza hut is the worst !
so they couldn't guarantee anything .
the manager did not return my deposit .
kinda like getting screwed in the drive-thru .
overall , if you want pizza , order elsewhere .
these folks don't have it together .
customer service is not great .
i don't like their bagels .
they're small , bland , and too dense .
my favorite bagels are costco 's cheese bagels .
i'm not going to lie .
the service is awful .
not here , stay far away .
not worth a penny or second of your time .
the absolute worst part was the lack of sanitation .
do not waste your time .
lets just say the worst !
the only plus is that they do friendly staffs .
this place is the total opposite of urgent care .
but that 's not my problem .
don't bother with this location if you want quality .
this place is just horrible .
dude come up with a better excuse .
he took no responsibility whatsoever .
slow , slow , slow !
awful pollo loco in phoenix .
i seriously hate coming to this location .
it's the worst service ever .
it was rubbery and gross .
in summary , they are inefficient and not understanding .
i really wanted to think it through .
i was pretty disappointed .
no one called me back .
no one called me back .
stayed home from work to wait for them .
disappointed with their follow through .
again , no reply .
very disappointing taste and quality .
the place didn't even smell yummy .
we sampled cupcakes to try different flavors and frosting .
frankly , i was insulted by her response .
it was dry and flavorless .
i know i could of made better cupcakes myself .
too bad i can't give it zero stars .
sadly i felt it was a bit sub par .
i had high hopes , was a little disappointed .
the cupcakes just didn't stand out to me .
same thing with the packaging of these cupcakes .
the whole experience was eh .
neither of us finished ours .
not worth the money , trip or calories .
worse than store bought .
small cheap place , narrow aisles .
avoid at all costs .
i could not see the meat or salad .
i am not joking .
they've lost this loyal customer .
super unhappy , and i didn't even eat !
then she said it was fake .
i have had two bad experiences .
don't let the name of this place fool you .
enough to warn you to avoid getting food poisoning .
don't think i will be coming back .
the pool isn't always clean .
don't make this your first choice .
it only got worse from there .
the maintenance is also a joke .
the management are so rude and not helpful .
worst apartment complex ever .
management and maintenance are not at fault .
the fault is the corporation who owns the property .
please consider other options for your living arrangements .
warning do not move here !
they are so rude .
there is no customer service .
i wouldn't recommend them to anyone .
she is just awful .
i'm going back to my old cleaners .
this cleaners is horrific !
after ordering , everything came out pretty quickly .
see , just not consistent !
i wouldn't recommend this place .
you can't win with this office .
worst experience for the entire process .
please save yourself and avoid this place .
hire a security officer already !
i just don't get it ?
definately won't be filling prescriptions there !
pharmacy is always slow .
drive thru is not a quicker option .
i did not have a good experience at all .
will not use again !
it still looked terrible afterward .
i will not be going back .
i had a hard time with my stomach .
then i was called into the exam room .
didn't introduce himself and wasn't very friendly about it .
i received no call back .
this practice is the worst in every possible way .
that was the first bad situation .
this place is horrible in every way .
this business deserves zero stars .
front desk staff is also not very helpful .
this place is horrible in every way .
house special friend rice : very , very dry .
the rice could easily be separated into individual pieces .
the beef , chicken , and shrimp were skimpy .
others might like the sweeter , breaded sesame beef .
don't go to this crappy school .
it is not worth the money .
phoenix is much worse .
all in all , this school really sucks .
dont waste your time and money !
its the worst apartments ever .
the water there is also so gross .
it was so gross .
do not rent from this place !
customer service is horrible !
they didn't do shit .
my stove was broken when i moved in .
why do they have a gate ?
it's a shit hole .
this place is loud , dirty , and outdated .
pet owners don't really clean up after their pets .
i would not recommend anyone to live here .
this place is loud , dirty , and outdated .
pet owners don't really clean up after their pets .
i would not recommend anyone to live here .
or the maintenance staff has left for the day .
even that , it doesn't help .
the freshly cooked pasta leave something to be desired .
the salads were limp and obviously not fresh .
the sourdough bread tastes stale .
i made a mistake and left my phone !
couldn't even take more than one bite .
the server was screaming why ?
but i talked to him " .
they may have a more professional service teams .
salads were not fresh .
soups were bland , tasted like old dirty socks .
i would recommend not going here .
save yourself from being disappointed and don't stop here .
not everything is better with butter !
totally not the case .
the omelet is seriously fluffy , and quite large .
my first bite was not a pleasant one .
really , this is just meh to me .
that 's why i ordered an omelet .
the green chili omelet was ok .
the potatoes were not hot .
bad , bad , bad choice .
i was very , very wrong .
continental breakfast was good , but avoid the pool !
not a very clean and comfortable hotel here .
i would not stay here again .
list too long to name .
wi-fi very slow and not reliable .
didn't have much options for the free breakfast .
i don't know who 's lying .
the beds and pillows were really comfy .
bathroom vent was filthy .
tile repair job in the bathroom was also shoddy .
refrigerator would not get cold .
" just the chicken ?
so i just leave .
these chicks are rude .
i won't be back .
i won't be back .
overall it just could have been a better experience .
to be fair , we didn't eat there .
however , their salad lacks substance and dressing blend .
even rice lack flavor .
much better greek places out there .
not going back sorry .
fries too salty and the wait was too long .
but the soggy fries .
bland , boring , cafeteria style food .
the beans tasted stale .
the rice has no flavor .
sadly , we will not be returning ever again .
the food was horrible !
this place is terrible .
never will i go there again .
this place is no where near mexican food .
my entire experience at this restaurant was horrible .
i see why this place is not busy .
just had the worst mexican food ever !
i've been to the 7th ave location .
northern location not so great .
not worth it to send it back .
but i am not sure why .
far cry from the 7th ave location .
probably the worst i've ever been to !
i was told no very rudely .
i in turn was rude .
service is slow -- very slow .
by the time the food arrives it is cold .
also the waiting room is turning into a mess .
it's not worth the drive to me anymore .
the office manager is rude .
the front desk staff is not friendly .
i was handed another patients dental record in error .
the dentist is rough in his procedures .
this is probably due to the long wait .
this place stole my money !
roach problems that spread from other units .
friendly , yet extremely slow and inexperienced maintenance .
i don't know , it looked pretty .
this " first apartment " experience started off rocky .
so we did and nothing important got fixed .
whatever you do , don't move here .
the lack of professionalism and understanding is disgusting .
this has not been a good experience .
this most recent one is the worst yet .
don't waste your time and money !
the cons : security : lacking .
noise levels : unbelievable .
the worst staff ever !
greedy terrible company , seek other options .
won't be long before this place goes under .
hole in the wall doesn't always mean good food .
the meal i did get was horrible .
she didn't apologize for not bringing all our food .
new place has better food , same cheap prices .
denied , because no one cares here .
then one day they changed to lower quality meat .
my experience here was horrible !
very disappointed in our recent trip to this location .
the burgers were bland and had no flavor .
i will never return here .
unfortunately , that 's not how they came .
the food always seems cold .
i still find sonic only mildly appealing .
the burgers have zero flavor and are cold .
the frys are crap , the tots are ok .
this " business " is a big hot mess .
no room to walk .
neither party received their checks .
now there 's going to be a problem .
anyway , i never went back to that store .
this certainly is not tex-mex .
there 's no flavor to it except raw tomato .
the meal was pretty bad .
fajitas is just plain bad food .
overall this was a poor experience .
aside from that , everything is average at best .
it was lousy and i wouldn't recommend it .
nothing fancy , certainly no frills .
it's a true shame .
then she apologized and walked away .
ambiance is ok , clean but dated .
it is truly bland and tasteless , remarkably so .
update : i realized i had overrated it before .
it's alright , but nothing special .
they start you off with chips and salsa .
are n't veggie fajitas supposed to come with beans ?
this was not one of them .
the queso topping was watery and bland .
horrible service and food .
was definitely a waste of money !
don't waste your time .
chicken was bland no flavor .
won't go back and won't recommend .
another on bites the dust .
visited fajitas again and was very disappointed .
they used to use huge shrimp .
restaurant was very clean and airy .
very unprofessional - will never go back .
you don't get your bang for your buck .
the fajita pan was mostly onions .
it was good but lacking alcohol .
they never skimp on the meals .
not in a good way .
the meat was tender , but cooked uneven .
not at all like tortillas i have experienced .
oh and the waste !
it tasted like a watered down crappy margarita .
i grew up coming here .
the first thing i noticed was the decor .
are you kidding me ?
the teachers are rude and unprofessional .
the education is very poor .
complimentary breakfast was standard .
okay buddy , relax , i just asked .
a little friendliness goes along way .
unfortunately i didn't notice this until i got home .
outback steakhouse is alright .
one salad was obviously topped and one was not .
it took awhile to get this thru to him .
and why had my order been sitting awhile ?
no answer to that one .
no sorry for the inconvenience from him .
manager did offer me another salad though .
not good customer service .
we had a horrible experience several weeks ago .
no reply from email to their customer service .
what a disgrace all the way around .
the service was extremely slow .
the food was good but the experience wasn't .
after an hour it was too annoying to stay .
never will go back .
the fish tacos were dry .
so gross , actually tasted rotten like rotten cheese .
when we smelled it we realized it was rotten .
shame on the management .
several staff member walked by but none for us .
the service was very lacking .
it was a bit insulting .
pretty disappointing experience for the price paid .
the service was awful !
we're not too impressed .
my wife has n't found anything she likes .
i showed it too the waitress .
anyway , not a good experience .
i used to really like this place .
sadly , we will probably not be back .
the server was kinda not nice .
apparently not the case in stingy arizona .
uni was not an option on the menu .
the rolls were handled by a hispanic sushi chef .
that 's where the greatness ends .
went around dinner time , it was completely empty .
would not go back .
i can't believe they have return customers .
the nigiri is not fresh at all .
the salmon and tuna actually smells a little stinky .
our server lacked knowledge about the menu too .
nothing that we ordered particularly stood out to us .
plus , we felt really uncomfortable in the environment .
oh it was just awful .
this time was not like that .
everything was bland and not quality .
food is gross , and not cooked well .
every order was wrong the food was awful .
short line this am , quickly seated .
potatoes are cooked to death and hard .
she seems offended by my attitude .
can't include my inside voice thoughts here .
the service was very poor .
she was having problems with her eyes .
you could not get this at a normal pharmacy .
it's essentially panda express and the prices are reasonable .
this stuff ripped my stomach up .
i'd rather go to panda express .
i didn't even finish my food .
but if your looking for quality go elsewhere .
walked in wasn't to impressed .
horrible service and will not order from here again .
they refused to do it .
this is an old run down sheraton .
this is probably the worst sheraton property out there .
this is not one of them .
bad form for service process .
that is more than bad , it is offensive .
i couldn't stay here again sharing a bed .
i would have replaced that in my own home .
so it was not even cheap !
rough stay at this place .
would not really ever want to go back .
seriously , find another place to stay .
this was a terrible , outdated , unfriendly hotel .
this hotel is very old and not well maintained .
not the best hotel .
she then informed me my reservations were cancelled .
the worst customer service i have ever received .
i didn't mind the old room so much .
unfortunately this is not one of them .
it could 've been way better .
location : hotel was hard to find at first .
bathroom : the bathtub drain was clogged .
marriott needs to check in on this place .
marriott should be embarrassed .
i would not recommend this hotel .
it is not up to marriott standards .
there was no room to put our stuff .
third , the trailer tires all blew .
this left scratches on the sides of the boat .
wish i could give this one star .
i don't even think that it was altered .
food was served quickly and tasted fine .
here 's my problem .
no , really , i'm not kidding !
the problem is the food is terrible .
skip this place for any kind of meal .
won't be coming to this location again .
i wouldn't stay here again though .
front desk says too many people are on it .
i paid and drove around to my room .
i wish i drove around first .
this is suppose to have a fully equipped kitchen .
just a bad hotel .
there is free wifi , but no desk .
phoenix , and no pool or spa ?
do not stay here !
the carpet was gross !
this place was just all around disgusting .
then we got the hell out of there .
she thanked me for the information about this place .
i did not feel safe here .
only the beans had flavor .
save your money and go to taco bell .
the second time i came the service was horrible .
i was not impressed with the food .
i will not be back !
the service is little to be desired .
we will not be back .
i didn't touch the rice .
he didn't care for his meal .
this place is not good .
the food just isn't very good .
i was left standing at the service bar .
quality of food was terrible !
atmosphere not good for dinner .
it wasn't crowded at 1pm .
it's probably never crowded .
my first visit last month was awesome .
i got another basket of old , hard rocks .
i will probably never return !
don't eat this dirty food with terrible customer service .
drinks station was filthy & didn't work properly .
fries were limp , bland , gross .
burger bun smelled like fish .
not like it would have done any good .
it's really too bad .
even said , it's just a toe .
sadly , the only real choice is la fitness .
the place just isn't that nice .
i do not like coming to this one .
customer service is poor .
prices are highly inflated .
however , their return policy is a joke .
i grab my debit card to pay .
bottom line , they lost a customer here .
it is not clean !
they do not make good scrambled eggs .
the whole service was awful !
it was so horrible .
are you kidding me ?
so that grossed me out .
feels rushed to get folks off .
this guy is the worst !
i've been wanting to check this bar out .
plus no custard between crust n fruit !
threw the whole thing out !
i do not know why they were so cold .
they greeted and welcomed my husband but not me ?
i walked out and will not go there again .
do not use this company for pool service .
place was dingy inside , not very clean .
just gross all the way around .
not coming here again .
i felt bad for the one worker doing everything .
i regret not having the time to shop around .
stay away from smiley plumbing .
stay away from smiley plumbing .
we use the rude groomers and the nice vet .
today was very bad .
dogs still need to eat .
horrible customer service and the manager was worthless too .
i will no longer visit this location .
do not go to this place !
this place does not deserve any stars .
by far the worst jiffy lube i've been to .
they tried to see me everything .
i won't go back .
they tried to see me everything .
i won't go back .
don't go to this place !
i give this place no stars .
i really don't know about their other services .
these apartments are a nightmare .
they are so unbelievably incompetent it's ridiculous !
do not rent with the turn apartments !
they are not safe , and poorly managed !
haha what the hell is this .
just turn around and find another place .
the fries were cold and undercooked .
even the sprite seemed flat .
avoid this taco bell at all cost .
do not give this place any business whatsoever .
all of the workers are incompetent .
this place is terrible .
never coming to this taco bell anymore .
the girl taking the orders was rude .
she rushed our order .
drive thru at this taco bell sucks !
it is inconsiderate , but more so annoying .
it is a constant problem .
they just need to figure out a better system .
last time going there was a disappointment .
ordered a bacon ranch , no ranch on it .
this location is a disgrace to the marriott chain .
the hotel itself is very old and dirty .
sometimes you can not trust the brand name .
the building is very old .
to add injury to insult .
i've filed bbb complaints against hertz with no reply .
i don't understand some people 's work ethic .
do not buy appliances from here !
i just purchased a new dishwasher from home depot .
i shouldn't have to help myself at home depot .
never will set foot in this place again .
the pork fried rice smelled like rotten fish .
i will not be returning to this store .
they probably don't know what that means .
the place has become bad news !
next in walked another employee with a customer .
horrible customer service at this discount tire .
i have never been treated like this before !
horrible customer service at this discount tire .
i have never been treated like this before !
the atmosphere was just pretty blah all around .
fake friendly doesn't cut it in the service industry .
day bartender is extremely rude !
i hate to review based off a short visit .
don't waste your time .
the meat was overcooked , dry and bland .
if you want mexican food , go elsewhere .
it was cold when i got home .
freaking nasty , overpriced , and incompetent staff .
probably will not get again.
couldn't even finish them .
this place has some nasty food .
the bun was bigger than the chicken breast .
every damn time i'm missing avocado .
had a really bad experience .
he says oh i know .
and , the owners are not very attentive anymore .
the portion size is hit or miss .
well there was very , very little .
i would not go back or recommend .
i wish i could give no stars .
i got horrible food poisoning from here .
don't waste your time or money .
the rice was bland .
the same bland rice and beans accompanied the tacos .
ive never been so frustrated since i can remember .
they are thin , crispy and pretty darn delicious .
the chips were really a killer though .
the chicken they use is a little funky too .
here are my problems .
overall , we will not be back .
did not like this place i'm still hungry !
they are thin , crispy and pretty darn delicious .
the chips were really a killer though .
the chicken they use is a little funky too .
smothered in enchilada sauce .
that 's unprofessional and just plain stupid .
very ugly modern church .
the blankets were really thin .
the wifi was spotty .
really bad and strong .
do not recommend this hotel to anyone .
( no exaggeration ) .
the second night was even worse .
the bad : everything else .
our room was as poorly maintained as the elevator .
the sink had no drain plug .
this place is disgusting !
i'm not sure if its a hotel or apartment .
people yelling going from room to room all night .
the rooms are even worse !
i called , they switched us no problem .
second room better but that is not saying much .
dont ever rent there .
spinach con queso was ok .
guacamole , rice and beans were pretty bland .
the place wasn't crowded which was nice .
although the portions were great they were very bland .
no kick from either chile .
even adding salt didn't help .
i was disappointed in the lunch .
they didn't listen to what i ordered .
this is the worst mexican restaurant !
horrible food , horrible service !
would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
he never checked on us again .
he was just gone .
it was a very poor way to do business !
but honestly , we're still in a bad economy .
the service was bad .
big mistake on my part .
overall i wasn't very happy with my experience .
all five people working were complete morons tonight though .
they are not friendly .
don't get me wrong with the two stars .
not sure why such high reviews .
pale tasteless tomato chunks , for example .
it tastes like cardboard .
pretty disappointed with my visit this evening .
really good place to eat but really rude cashier .
she made things so difficult and was very unprofessional .
even remodeled , it still looks dirty .
this is the worst mcdonald 's ever !
customer service is horrible .
but let me tell you !
the fries were cold and stale , as usual .
they deserve negative stars .
i'm at walmart and decided to get a burger .
very slow drive thru .
don't bother unless you like to torture yourself .
this particular jack just is horrible !
the store smells like urine .
their employees hygiene is terrible .
disgusting food and terrible service .
in arizona this is consumer fraud !
avoid like the plague !
dining room a mess !
no coke in coke machine .
his offer fell super short of being satisfied .
not to mention the management .
very rude and ugly people .
just save your money .
i wish i would have .
it wouldn't let me do no stars .
me and my girlfriend had problem after problem .
there were poop stations with waste baskets !
the property looks nothing like the photos .
don't waste your time .
would given negative rating .
worst management and worst apartment .
i would recommend find another place.
way overpriced and not worth it .
burger patties are thin thin thin .
only upside was the fries were good .
still serving cold burgers .
cold burgers and fries .
this location is absolutely horrible .
the food isn't good .
i got food poisoning and it is very upsetting .
we will not be going back to this place .
cockroaches are now added to our horrible experience .
my neighbors are so loud and obnoxious .
horrible experience from the start .
it was utterly disgusting .
horrible experience from the start .
it was utterly disgusting .
i am not prepared to move so suddenly .
needless to say , we walked out .
here is where i have a problem .
annoyed at larry 's apparent need for lunch money .
i wait for my car to roll out .
first i could not open the gas cap .
a few days later my battery is completely dead .
stress is not a word big enough .
but it's the inconvenience that was a frustration .
he did not agree to this .
there was no full service check out open .
only the u scan ones were open .
the few vegetables available were limp and over cooked .
number one : disgusting bland food .
every single ( limited selection ) dish sucked !
the onion rings were crap .
the egg rolls , crap .
the desserts sucked as well .
ugly pink walls with horrible dollar store decorations .
but still not worth it .
i really hate to do this .
i don't get it .
onion rings : looked like a brain .
the breakfast provided was mediocre .
i will not go back .
when the order arrived , it was screwed up .
i ordered a cheese crisp with chicken on it .
when my food arrived it was cold .
my mom 's cheese enchilada wasn't cooked either .
the cheese wasn't even remotely melted .
not worth the hassle .
the main issue is the terrible service .
the night crew here is terrible .
this is horrible mexican food period .
also , i did not receive everything i ordered .
the bartenders are just so rude .
the older lady could possibly been the worst .
she just came across angry .
don't waste your money here is not real mexican food.
please don't get me started on the salsa .
the green corn tamale made me sad inside .
the masa was gritty and dry .
the chips and salsa were good .
not likely anytime in the near future .
i'll go elsewhere next time .
it was just an all around bad experience .
needless to say , we walked out .
the restaurant has been remodeled , i like it .
the food was mediocre .
i got a pedicure from here yesterday .
i was not happy .
i personally handed this individual my card .
the rice and beans were just okay .
nothing special there either .
i really don't get the appeal of this place .
there is just not a whole lot of flavor .
al pastor was dry and boring .
the wife would never go back again .
not friendly at all .
counter ordering and get your own drinks .
by this time everyone was worried about getting sick .
the owner actually refunded our money and we left .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
i had chicken enchiladas and it wasn't great .
i said ok ill try it .
no i mean no flavor in the el pastor .
i mean really a bone !
not like this you wont .
you fail here and bad !
the tortilla was almost hard enough to drive nails .
my fish tacos were tasty although a bit bland .
numerous times our orders were wrong .
their voicemail isn't even set up .
chips were not warm .
carne asada was more like hamburger crumbs .
wendy 's chili is much better meat quality .
generally this was just average at best .
very disappointed with this place !
chips taste stale and salsa lacked flavor .
i just wasn't one of this people .
an hour later , still no food .
and very limited inside seating .
and salsa which came out quickly .
big time , mostly batter and just a mess .
don't waste your time or money here !
no different than any other pharmacy .
sure wish i could give the pharmacy zero stars .
which i never received .
i am so disappointed in this pharmacy .
they make walgreens have a horrible name .
they advertise hot and ready pizza .
only cheese pizza available .
only about taking your money .
the egg 's were not cooked all the way .
nothing to write home about .
the waffles were lame .
the employees just walked through it .
no tv hook ups and very slow internet connection .
we stayed here back in april .
the beds were very uncomfortable ( cheap mattresses ) .
the bathroom was even worse , it was dingy .
if i could give zero stars i would .
bathroom door would not stay closed or lock .
blow dryer didnt work .
i feel sorry for anyone who moves in here .
but don't take my word for it .
are you sure the a/c isn't working ?
just a few more months of this nonsense .
either they are dishonest , incompetent or both .
this place is a nightmare .
can't even let my kids play outside .
they have a very poor servicing .
not friendly at all .
the staff in the office doesn't care about anything .
worst haircut i've ever gotten .
terrible fade and terrible barber .
noisy , awful place .
mushy baby cucumbers very few cashiers open .
it varies from annoying to just a total zoo .
so i went to another doctor .
i left called my insurance company .
so i am going somewhere else .
they way she asked was not polite at all !
and other future costco potential customers .
dr kelly cross & associates optometrist .
and spent the whole time rolling her eyes .
these people shouldn't even be in business .
will not use them again .
with safeway it seems really hit or miss .
they're always soggy an barley cooked all the way .
all were painfully mediocre .
so i hardly ever order delivery .
she was beyond annoyed with me .
obviously she just doesn't care !
the cheese was rubbery and not tasty @ all .
hope nobody likes dressing ?
the veterinarian prescribed antibiotics .
jenny ruined it for me .
i would not let her handle my dog .
it's too often down .
this time was too much .
i was not help by bob .
just had my first visit here .
the customer service sucks .
do you guys just hire anyone off the streets ?
the person who answered the phone was rude .
i said no thank you .
oh my god this place is gross !
they wouldn't take " no " for an answer .
we recently hired pour masters for my wedding .
are you kidding me ?
so here are the things that went wrong .
i actually regret it .
no more all you can eat catfish !
there was no manager to be found .
it was all her fault my experience sucked .
it was just alright .
not nasty , but not delicious either .
overall , it was just an ok lunch .
the ultimate fries with ranch are gross !
they really skimp out on the meat and cheese .
probably , until i find another better philly joint .
worst customer service ever !
the worst company i have ever dealt with .
this has been a nightmare .
we heard nothing from her and received no emails .
worst company in the world .
i had no idea how bad they were .
nightmare and a bunch of liars !
run , do not walk away from this company .
customer service is the worse here .
i will never know because they lost my business !
ordered : nachos with grilled chicken .
worst customer service ever !
ordered photos online and never received them ?
really feeling like i got ripped off here .
not a happy customer here !
i'll try to avoid coming back .
might be the worst fedex store i ever visited .
employees don't want to help you .
i visited the store twice , twice worst experiences .
very rude people here .
when i walked in , the place stunk .
this weekend 's pizza was overly saucy .
i'm not looking forward to returning anytime soon .
the pizza itself was ok .
would not recommend at all .
avoid this place if possible .
wings were expensive , but only mediocre .
nothing to go back for .
i had a terrible experience here .
i would not recommend this computer store .
my large chicken bowl was not packed very full .
i went here for lunch last week .
needless to say i was a little grossed out .
it was a saturday night , peak dinner time .
no balsamic or herbs or salt .
i am very bummed out about this .
never again , i say .
-i ordered chicken parmigiana .
i will not go back again .
then had a chicken caesar salad .
another friend had the same problem !
had n't been here for some time .
it's too bad this was such a bad experience .
will not be back .
service was nice , but slow .
would not recommend going back until something big changes .
that should have been my clue .
but tonight it was awful .
there is no excuse for such terrible service !
may try for dinner but never again for lunch !
apparently they don't have it anymore .
not a chance in the world !
no personality , rude , slow , terrible service .
never go back to this place again !
and i said your professionalism is lacking .
don't waste your time or money at this place .
we went for lunch and had the worst experience .
our service was incredibly slow .
the drinks were rarely refilled .
i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone !
all of this would have been fine .
it tasted like toilet water .
that is no exaggeration .
it was so gross .
then we met our waiter , jose .
we will never return to this restaurant .
i have n't been here in about a year .
i won't be back .
both , mine and my husband dinner looked pathetic .
i never even tried my food .
we will have to go elsewhere for awhile .
disappointed in the food .
my steak was served cold .
this evening 's dinner was a disaster !
how much more plain can i make it ?
i didn't even bother to argue the point .
that 's just gross .
i just don't get it .
thanks for nothing , mcdonald 's .
it was super thin and didn't have much flavor .
ummm , i guess nothing now .
if i could give them negative stars i would .
meh , oriental express doesn't do it for me .
the vegetable eggroll was just disappointing .
soggy exterior and not so great .
it looked like they'd completely forgotten the sauce altogether .
the place overall was not appealing to the eye .
it was very ( hot ) spicy .
i couldn't eat it .
the pizza was really doughy and greasy .
this location is the worst !
won't be back even though i live right there !
will not order from here again .
absolutely horrible place of business .
unfortunately , i probably won't be coming here again .
the bread was tough and stale .
the meat was tasteless and cold .
not getting this ever again .
well , that was an unpleasant dinner .
tonight decided to give them another try .
customer service was none too great either .
i do not like food here .
would you turn away away a 20+ people party ?
so it wasn't some small trip bowling .
i paid for something i never got last time .
just don't do it .
there was no point saying anything to the employees .
they hate working on friday and saturday nights obviously .
slow staff and they fail to acknowledge your presence .
customer service is non existent .
this company is horrible to deal with .
however , holly never called nor showed up .
instead i get the deluxe snack wrap .
holy cow , worst customer service ever .
there was no reason to be treated like this .
maybe breakfast would be better !
pricey little sandwich joint and cheap atmosphere .
you can taste that the meat is not fresh .
the coleslaw had way too much mayonnaise .
not worth the time of day .
the younger ones were mostly ugly and or fat .
the music choice sucked .
worst bar in the n. phoenix !
ladies night worst nightmare .
sorry for the bad review .
at this point , i had lost my patience .
so he finally walked away .
i find this whole experience unacceptable .
no more , no less .
started going to cj years ago in california .
so sad , cj used to be so good .
cookie on the dessert was hard and cold .
not sure we will be back .
i don't know what 's been wrong .
too dark to even read a menu .
mashed potatoes and vegetables were forgettable , too .
it was not the waitress who brought them .
no extra plate or info to this regard .
no problem , we request more salsa .
but it doesn't look like much more salsa .
cj used to be one of our favorite restaurants .
it wasn't even a full section .
food was all bland and no taste .
hamburger obviously processed and frozen and then cooked .
it was a very disappointing visit .
the wait staff is slow and not very friendly .
manager said she would fix things but didn't .
presentation was also bad .
probably won't go back .
not worth the money .
the menu was extremely limited and over priced .
the turkey was dry and lukewarm .
to me it feels like they simply don't care .
the service was also lacking .
the fries are n't anything to speak of either .
i really try hard to like this place .
we all know how bad salt is for us .
i really don't like much about this place .
i might know why .
what a mistake that was .
i have never had such a bad meal .
prices seem extreme for the poor quality .
the service was not good .
ordered an expensive hamburger that was below average .
fries dry and thin .
not impressed with their food at all .
they never called me back .
still feel severely robbed , though .
turned around and walked out .
by that point i just left .
service on any weekday is terrible .
for the first time , yelp has burned me .
this tasted like fried beef .
don't believe the hype .
i threw most of them away .
you just can't fix stupid !
the carne asada tacos were full of onions too .
the food was flavorless and generic .
treated my family horrible .
i purchased a groupon for an oil change .
was told : " they don't really make appointments .
so he also says saturdays are walk ins .
so i get there saturday at 8am .
terrible for oil changes .
horrible horrible horrible to say the least .
they completely lost my business today .
and no one has ever called me back !
call me jerry fletcher , please !
had to grab a waiter for refills .
horrible customer service from not very knowledgeable wait staff .
won't be coming back .
i'm a better cook than the guys in back .
the grits were just a bowl of flavorless mush .
no salt , no pepper , no butter .
why can't we just pay the waitress ?
the vegetables were overcooked .
my wife 's pork chops had no taste .
the corn bread is gross .
the food is okay but nothing special .
i wish i could give negative star ratings .
the restaurant was pretty empty .
they were out of biscuits of all things .
dont waste your money or time !
completely ripped off by that place .
thankfully she wasn't the cook too .
nothing really makes sense in here .
i am a reasonable person .
it's not okay to not make your mistakes right .
went for dinner -- -- it was meh .
the sushi sign in the window caught my eye .
as a sushi restaurant it is horrible as well .
the dishes come out with way too much sauce .
the sauce is not even a good flavor .
avoid this place at all costs .
this is pure lack of skill on sushi making .
the wait staff is also pushy and slow .
overall , not a good experience .
this place is nothing like it used to be .
i am very disappointed in this place .
doesn't get any better than this !
we will not be going back .
my waffle was rather dense .
horrible service almost an hour to get our food .
we normally enjoy this location .
if not , its very unfair practice .
bad eggs and awful service !
this denny 's wasn't even great .
they wrote our name down on the waiting list .
did not finish my food and left .
the cashier was slow incompetent and rude .
worst denny 's i've ever been to .
horrible service and rude management .
who really gave this place so many stars ?
the favors weren't very good .
i paid for the meal and drove off .
i threw them away .
it was not warm and juicy .
thats right , it was cold and rubbery .
what an odd and disappointing experience !
well , they were cold .
no one greets me or anything .
home depot lost two sales because of them .
not my favorite experience .
they have hardly anything to choose from .
first , i had not given her the address .
greatly lacking in any customer service !
the crew was arrogant and surly .
he apologized for my experience and i appreciated that .
on the appointed day , they didn't show .
do not use these people !
for the removal of a fallen tree ?
no return phone call again !
do not use this company !
worst customer service ever .
and i just had to walk away .
lead kind of talked down the sales guy too .
don't bother unless you have weeks to wait .
they were also rude about it .
do not use this company !
poor and inconsistent service .
i have rented from different locations before .
this has been my worst experience at enterprise .
i could not believe my ears .
what a hassle this entire ordeal has been .
a huge headache all around .
is time i can't get back in my life .
very disappointed in their customer service .
so , i put in another call .
i get my bill .
there was no partial month .
my sound is awful on some channels .
e-mail support is even worse .
what a horrible joke .
sick of the devil you know ?
they must be from an old survey .
tried again and still nothing .
and shady fee practices .
too damn much for terrible service and incompetent support .
totally unacceptable , would never consider cox again .
if not , then no charge .
he tells my dad there will be no charge .
all i need to do is return my equipment .
apparently that was not convenient for them .
he repeated that they could do it tuesday morning .
no attempt to make this right .
customer service is terrible .
if i could give them no stars i would .
notice i didn't say it was the best .
this company is out of control .
they charge to much for very poor service .
my expectations are low .
i'm so tired of cox .
i will not look back or regret it .
it continued for another week and i cancelled .
don't make that mistake .
these bowls ain't cheap .
this could have just been done over the phone .
she could have been seriously hurt .
so i searched on google find out this place .
so she called the doctor from another room .
but don't judge a person by a look !
not the ideal place to get work done .
my nuggets were old and stale .
very disappointed after this visit .
went for lunch and wasn't impressed .
not my idea of good food .
will not be returning !
my technician was friendly but did not wear gloves .
there are too many better shops to visit .
maybe they were having a bad day .
but everyone was horribly unfriendly .
when i walked in i asked for a fill .
horrible dirty walls , floors , chairs !
this was my first time getting my nails done .
i am never going back .
ross is located in an outdoor strip mall .
won't be coming back to this location .
didn't receive a receipt and food was gross .
i was somewhat disappointed at the quality though .
its too far . "
thanks for nothing , pink lotus !
ok , he took off to the back .
i was not happy with the beef lo main .
not a dish i would suggest .
they are clearly not set up for dine in .
bliss has definitely gone downhill .
this club is a rip of .
don't waste $ $ $ on overpriced admission .
dancers cracked out running through the parking lot screaming .
what level of hell is this dive ?
funny they took me out and it's gone downhill !
it was a huge waste of time .
the worst nail salon i've ever been to .
i didn't even leave the salon until almost seven !
i couldn't believe it .
it's lasted literally less than a week .
the leather is torn and ripped on the chairs .
the pedicure was less than stellar .
it seemed very unclean .
sometimes hard to get dr note for work .
want to talk about the lump in her breast ?
sorry , that requires yet another appointment .
she also missed the tear in his knee .
and the doctor is terrible .
don't go see dr .
she is a lousy doctor !
she doesn't deserve the title of doctor .
sink is a complete idiot .
they don't deserve even half a star !
my advice to anyone is don't do it !
i dont know why i keep coming back !
do not use this doctor !
first of all : poor customer service !
very awful , rude environment .
they take people 's money and give horrible treatment .
will not be returning .
sink and her assistant .
words can not fully describe how horrible it is .
sink danielle and her assistant !
most awful experience i have ever had .
there is clearly no pride or integrity here .
ridiculous , ridiculous , ridiculous long waits !
another trip that didn't go right at the drive-thru .
this del taco is an absolute wreck !
then after his call he didn't change his gloves .
this place is garbage .
we need a zero star rating here !
went through the drive thru , repeated the order .
wasn't what was in the bag .
slow service and rude employees .
got a bunch employees standing around doing nothing .
called to schedule my ppl written exam .
my first quest was to buy some grapes .
i did not like going to this target !
i ended up putting my stuff down and leaving .
don't think i'll be going back .
seriously the most awful target bathrooms .
the store isn't stocked very well and is dingy .
this target is horrible .
this target is crap .
worst customer service i have ever experienced .
that was horrible customer service !
the cashiers customer service is usually only okay .
today it was terrible .
i will not come back to this location .
not a fan at all .
whatever you do , do not move in here .
i had their security stop my visitors from visiting .
do not give this place your business .
this place is the bait and switch masters .
i've gone here twice simply to put gas .
i go back out to pump and nothing .
i'm like what the crap ?
i yell back , no .
i won't be back and recommend you avoid .
this office has the worst office staff ever !
the office staff is rude and unprofessional .
time and money we can never get back .
this place is only out to take your money .
they just want your money .
all i can say is just don't do it .
not just vets , but all students .
it is not just me either .
the major fault is staff training .
the hotel didn't bother calling my cell phone .
the place is filthy and disgusting .
i wish i never left my tent !
beds are so uncomfortable .
be prepared to take out your own trash .
they seem to never have enough towels .
are you kidding me ?
talk about making a customer feel low !
what 's not to dislike .
you should avoid also .
they did poor work .
they made the existing condition worse .
they failed to follow instructions .
they failed make things right in the end .
i couldn't believe what i was hearing .
i will not be back there again .
there 's only so much she could do .
before being allowed near anyone else 's head .
don't go to this car wash !
second time didn't even dry my car .
it tasted stale and had a weird flavor .
the orange chicken was just ok .
i wouldn't order the meal again though .
the broth tasted sweet and was just weird .
it pains me to write this review .
the orange chicken wasn't the greatest i've ever had .
stuffed jalapeo where good , descent .
lo mein : tasted exactly like old stinky cabbage .
don't take my word for it .
not good at all .
frankly it was a waste of calories .
the lo mein dish is okay , nothing special .
very outdated and not modern .
that was a total joke .
i just don't get it .
everything just seems a little dated and worn out .
i went to get my haircut today .
again with the complete disregard to what i'm saying .
my wife could hear me from across the salon .
i hate wearing product in my hair .
the stylist ( vietnamese gentleman ) does not listen !
i couldn't hold back a small yelp of pain .
another small yelp of pain .
very very frustrating experience .
however , the wait time is ridiculous .
kinda want outta here .
it's too long of a wait .
this place is terrible .
this just was not acceptable .
this is the worst place ever !
urgent care is horrible !
don't worry i'm not hungry or anything .
worst fucking place ever .
this place is an absolute fucking joke !
at this time i was totally disgusted .
soup was canned soup .
uncooked soggy dough crust .
service was abysmal too .
please don't waste your time or money .
horrible , just horrible .
a lackluster meal all around .
i couldn't take more than two bites of it .
the tomato sauce is overly sweet and basically flavorless .
now for the service .
waitress " maggie " has no common sense .
still won't go back again .
meatball hero - sauce was bland .
we ordered the cheesy garlic bread and a pizza .
had mixed experiences here over the years .
waste of time and gas .
never returns emails or phone calls .
are you kidding me ?
do not use the bathroom - fair warning .
it was worse than anything you can imagine .
the sauce had zero flavor .
i probably wont spend my money here again .
not sure about these guys .
bad first time experience .
the pizza though was bland , very bland .
i won't be back though .
i dont even know why anyone likes this place .
thanks , but no thanks .
no flavor just salty and plain !
tried it for the first time tonight .
i won't be going back .
obviously very disorganized and not a great first impression .
while initially pleased , we keep finding major misses .
arrogant and really creepy .
high prices and lack luster customer service from staff .
very disappointed with this particular location .
this place is trash !
i did not yell .
i did not make an outrageous demand .
i couldn't believe him and his terrible customer service .
their store is dark , dingy , and dirty .
the entire atmosphere of the store is depressing .
petco is not where the pets go .
no offer to transfer the call .
do not go here .
i too would give it less then one star .
i feel they lack education an knowledge about teeth .
however , i rather go elsewhere .
i have left several messages with no return call .
check everywhere else first before using this companies services .
i'm so disgusted with them .
they are very dishonest .
however we never actually stayed .
very bad customer service .
i do not recommend for a bday party !
anyhow , the vet never called .
the other medication i was given were broken pills .
for boarding , pick another place .
checked the end cap - none .
i wish i could score this zero stars !
an employee told me i wasn't allowed to sit .
michaels will never get my money again .
later , no call and no tech .
worst business experience all year .
do not waste your time with this company .
terrible a/c units & terrible service .
they have continued to ignore me .
would not use them again .
do not use this company !
i scheduled an appointment for a routine maintenance .
first off , they told me the wrong date .
what terrible customer service .
every year it is some new problem .
never happened , i gave up .
do not use them for any service .
they insisted they could have done the repair .
wish i would of known more about hvac then .
all said terrible install .
probably could have had a new unit by now .
really these guys are happy with such sloppy work .
later , no call and no tech .
worst business experience all year .
do not waste your time with this company .
businesses can't pay yelp to fluff their reviews .
these guys are horrible .
i can not believe they are still in business .
there was no problem with this repair .
bottom line , don't trust them .
might as well get a new outside unit .
never said a word about it .
what a complete ripoff .
be careful of a/c warranty work .
they'll do the cheapest fix possible .
our ac has broken twice in the last month .
this is completely unacceptable .
i don't want to hear it .
not a good start for new system warranty .
nope , cancel this install .
worst hvac company , hands down .
glad to know they purchase lousy parts .
certainly won't be getting my business .
it has n't helped .
i don't recommend this company , unfortunately .
he confirmed it was not .
plus their customer service is terrible .
do not use this company .
so i tried again at 10am .
what a huge disappointment .
do not use this company !
a rude customer service agent answer the phone .
the phone representative is dismissive .
the worst customer service !
don't do business with these people .
do not schedule an appointment with this office .
do not waste your time with this practice !
i wish there was less then a star .
the wait time is horrible for all appointments .
i just wish it was how i felt .
i do not trust this practice .
the office staff is very rude .
no caring here that is for sure .
i would not recommend them to my worse enemy !
so disappointed with this practice .
this place is gross .
never ever going back .
the food is mediocre , ihop may be better .
the skillet was terrible .
we didn't eat beyond the top egg layer .
we didn't even eat the majority of the skillet .
i would not recommend this place .
walked in and was seated right away .
i went to the restroom and it was disgusting !
the wait staff was nice .
the tomatoes were light pink and also mushy .
i don't like being told i can't order something .
the pancakes were not cooked completely .
the place is old and run down .
very expensive for poor quality .
the place looks run down and dirty .
not going there again .
complete waste of time and money .
the front desk gave me a dirty room .
never booking a room in this hotel again .
most likely won't stay at this one again .
so i've experience better .
she couldn't even get up for god 's sake !
do not use this clinic - period .
guess we just might find out .
my sweet puppy is dead .
i feel bad for my dogs .
instead , i was ripped off .
i really looked forward to it but not anymore .
i'm never going back !
i had a horrible experience here .
the tax on the liquor was nonexistent wow !
the wings are awesome , i'll give them that .
run down and gross .
there wasnt much people in the bar pretty mellow .
bad all around experience .
i would not shop here again .
glad i didn't buy anything .
my experience at this staples was less than decent .
the whole store seemed to lack employees .
are you freaking kidding me ?
the hassle could have been avoided .
i'm just that cheap .
i'm just that cheap .
there 's nothing else we can do , " .
both were no charge .
the rice and beans were the highlight .
overall , i'm not a fan of garcia 's .
i'm like really dude , for some sour cream ?
seats were old & busted .
first , it was too hot inside .
finally , the prices are just too high !
the server was rude and disrespectful .
guess not seems like it's going down hill .
worst service i have ever gotten !
would not recommend this place to someone i hated !
the food was bad .
oh my gosh , do not go here !
i understand that things wear out .
i'm never coming back .
i was pretty pissed off .
first there was 15-20 minute wait not to bad .
still no hot salsa or green salsa .
service was really bad .
worst restaurant i've truly ever been to !
nothing to write home about .
now it's just sad .
probably better to not waste your time .
maybe go to ross instead .
the store is not clean .
staff is not friendly .
prices not that great compared to their competitors .
very messy store and expensive for what you get .
it is so disappointing .
i wish my tires had that much rubber .
the product is awful .
i'm hoping they were just having a bad day !
this place is horrible , it is roach infested .
the management company grey star is awful !
if i could rate them negative stars i would .
stay far away from this place .
this place is a terrible place to live !
last year i had no problems with the ac .
this is arizona it's already hot by march !
my air was not working on the 1st .
so your notice did nothing for me to prepare !
but yet again it was not fixed .
they were so rude that we walked out .
just used this business for my wedding .
totally unnecessary stress the day before the wedding .
this could have been handled much earlier .
i've never had such bad chinese food ever .
they no longer have a liquor license .
the sweet & sour chicken was very overly breaded .
not really a big fan of this place .
egg rolls are bland .
no one at the table cared for them .
place smelled musty when we first came in .
all in all i will not be coming back .
needless to say we will never go back .
not the best restaurant experience .
i wish i could give them no stars .
i ordered chicken curry , not green pepper curry !
even the fried rice was not up to standard .
none of it was edible .
we probably won't be going back .
the staff was a joke .
will never wash here again .
this has to be the worst laundromat in phoenix .
avoid this dump like the plague !
ew , this place stinks !
it looked a mess .
most dishes were overcooked .
worst dining experience ever !
all she did was scream at me .
this time i was pretty disappointing .
almost all of the food wasn't hot at all .
some of the other was lukewarm .
bathroom was not okay .
i went here for lunch on a saturday afternoon .
i have not been back since then .
pretty much a waste of money .
wasn't tasty and it wasn't horrible .
its always a stomach ache away .
restrooms are horribly dirty .
the place is mediocre clean .
the food is ok but way too greasy .
the entire time i was there nothing was rotated .
no rating on the door .
in fact the staff was just downright rude .
horrible customer service especially at the pharmacy .
such poor customer service .
don't ever make this mistake .
expect a poorly built bathroom .
you have better options than renaissance apartments .
worst apartments in az i have lived hands down .
stay away from this one , it is ridiculous .
i understand business inside and out .
anyway , long story short .
very rude , incompetent and has no respect !
what an amazing disappointment !
we should 've just left right away .
i felt so bad for my girls !
they were extremely slow .
she clearly did not want to help us .
wouldn't be surprised if she spit in our blizzards .
overall , horrible customer service .
i won't be coming back .
so how bad could it be .
as mentioned they recently painted and hung blinds .
i could not imagine this place before .
nothing stood out , nothing was horrible .
i doubt i would be back .
i should have walked out .
the honey chicken was ok but not great .
the diet coke was mixed very wrong .
i know it's good but a little expensive .
finding a good one is just too tough .
food was ok , nothing out of the ordinary .
for the money tho , it was average .
i'm not coming back to this place .
worst food i've ever had in my life .
don't waste your money !
you cant really mess up jello .
beer bottles were everywhere and the beds were disgusting .
never stay here if you can avoid it .
i got bits all over my body .
third room okay i guess .
just wanted to sleep .
the location is sketchy !
only positive was that the staff was nice .
she should not be a manager .
very unhappy to see that .
if she is there , just leave .
the jewelry i bought turned out to be defective .
obviously too big for my ears .
just wouldn't recommend it in general .
bummer of a hotel .
nope , not family friendly at all .
still the front desk didn't seek to acknowledge people .
didn't seem like a great response to me .
the outdoor pool and jacuzzi were dirty .
the coffee for the coffee maker was not refilled .
i didn't even know there was breakfast buffet .
the room we were given was nothing special .
the air conditioner barely kept the room cool enough .
would not stay here again .
it was just another negative that had piled up .
get ready for to sweat your ass off .
so i let the girl on register know .
so basically my whole order was bad .
went to go get a berry chicken salad .
i can't have feta cheese due to being pregnant .
i asked for my money back .
overcooked rice , cold chicken .
i wanted more vegetables with the chicken teriyaki .
just won't be back to this one .
explains why so empty .
the vegetables were dry as well as the salmon .
but the way they went about it was poor .
i'm fairly sure i won't be back .
never going back to this shady place .
this place is slow .
wal-mart would have been better .
absolutely no power whatsoever .
oh sure , thats why it's empty .
they lost my business !
10pm on a friday night .
tried subway substitute steak sandwich .
alright then , worse things could happen .
a new hire assistant did them .
prior with instructions not to file them .
they are not worthy of you time or money !
i'm not going back there ever again .
i won't be back .
stopped in last friday for dinner .
i was very disappointed .
we tried it and it wasn't good either .
i mean , come on !
our last order was a chicken taco salad .
the chicken was very cold and tasted blah .
our waiter was so dull & clueless .
he had no clue how to answer this .
the rice was the only thing that was mediocre .
however , not in the last year .
went there last night and the service was dreadful .
the place was very hot and dirty .
that 's not okay .
last night was the worst i've ever experienced there .
i didn't even finish it .
never , ever coming back .
i suggest you don't waste your time either .
this location left much to be desired .
our waitress was terrible .
i now know why it's never packed anymore !
this will not be it .
it has not started well .
basically the margaritas are trash .
just realized we did not get silverware .
my chimichanga for a fried item is completely soft .
seems old pre made .
you get a decent amount of the bad food .
but bad is bad .
service was the worst !
this restaurant clearly doesn't need yours or my patronage .
i've not been impressed with the food or service .
the food was mediocre at best .
i received a taco with flavorless frozen fish stick .
there will not be a third time .
food was below par and service was terrible .
i'm really starting to wonder about you , phoenix .
but most importantly , the burger was extremely salty .
similar to the snack bars at sporting events .
however , don't come here for good service .
even friends of mine have said she's been rude .
i'll try my luck at another location , perhaps .
don't bother with this location !
the staff is rude .
again another gas station with no public restrooms !
they're expensive and the food is gross !
they're fried rice is bland and dry .
soup was bland and nasty smelling .
it wasn't bad but also not memorable or special .
just run of the mill chinese .
first time here ; tonight for dinner .
the service leaves little to be desired .
our server wasn't pleasant at all .
i have been going to this restaurant for years .
first , the waitress was as dumb as rocks .
i'm sure it went right in the trash .
it may not be safe !
this is the wal-mart of pool halls .
it's massive and impersonal .
the people who work here are really rude .
the beer is nothing special .
i will never visit this place again .
never a shortage of tables .
service is pretty slow .
their fries were also overcooked and burnt .
really bad atmosphere for women .
the food is also terrible .
unfortunately it's always burnt or there 's no flavor .
" flies spread disease .
the place looks dirty , too .
maybe i just came at the wrong time ?
can't get an order right .
i will not eat here again .
i went in at 1pm and got lunch .
the employees there were unfriendly and unprofessional .
none of the orders were correct .
a mistake i will not make again .
first off , there was no sourdough .
glad i drove out of my way for it .
i won't be coming back .
meatball sub horrible , little rocks of meat ?
nope , not going back .
meat portions were small at best !
stay away and spend your money elsewhere .
not my favorite sub sandwich .
the place is okay , the staff is alright .
staff is rude an unapologetic .
pizza tastes mediocre at best .
i won't be back .
i can not afford to go to another dentist !
( and donuts too ! )
the cashier wasn't rude , but definitely wasn't friendly .
not a fan and definitely not going back .
dinning room really old and depressing .
save your money and go elsewhere .
food & drinks were terrible .
the quesadilla was as expected .
the rolled tacos were not very good at all .
this location by far has the worst customer service !
i get home and they forget two burritos .
obviously not , she wrote it on her arm .
ok , this place is cheap .
no sweet and sour for my egg rolls .
me , i'm not feeling this place at all .
wish u could rate this place less .
it was oily watered down and frankly tasted disgusting .
the lo mein was bland and lacked in vegetables .
the egg rolls were oily and tasted weird .
i spit out the one bite i took .
i was skeptical and nervous to go in .
the place needs a serious cleaning !
but sadly i will never come again .
the chicken did not taste like chicken .
this day was worst than the first .
tokyo express is no longer the restaurant it was .
brought or food out partially , then disappeared .
the salsa was not good .
her response was oh ok .
the service was pathetic and food was ok .
she didnt even deserve a penny .
i will never visit this location again .
the cashier was the only good part of it .
they are slow , always want to park you .
she didn't know english .
she told me , she didn't speak english .
at this point i am now becoming annoyed .
the eggs were set , slimy , and cold .
the pancakes were cold .
there are enough options there to satisfy most .
the cheesy texas toast bread .
second , the salmon , was not edible .
i took one bite and could not take another .
i would think neither does your manager about his .
i am sad to say no .
you don't get it your way .
i didn't try that combo though .
booths were dirty and uncomfortable .
she did not greeted us .
they seriously need to get rid of her .
i only needed fills and polish .
she kept telling me i was too sensitive !
it was just weird .
didn't try mongolian but it looked ok .
can't beat the takeout .
not by a long shot .
rude , rude , rudeness !
if i could pick zero stars i would !
she even tried calling me a liar .
this place is the most racist establishment in phoenix .
they are rude , they follow you round .
stay far , far away from this place .
i went in april for my annual exam .
my appointment was scheduled for 4pm .
ok , fast forward to my appointment date .
that i'm supposed at the w. indian school rd .
she refused to tell me .
she no longer works there .
they say , buy here pay here .
this was my second time coming to this restaurant .
it was rough , real rough .
this place has the worst customer service ever .
to be completely honest i hate this home depot .
yesterday 's visit was extremely disappointing .
they were horribly cut and cut wrong .
do yourself a favor and skip this store .
i do not like this home depot .
the worst experience i've ever had .
i am so mad , i'm shaking .
seriously , i can't make this up .
thanks but no thanks .
the gentleman helping me was awesome !
havent been to this mall in awhile .
i didn't even want to give this one star !
this mall used to be the absolute worst .
no pride ( in the community of course ) .
sears is not the place to buy clothes .
no one will hurt you .
i do not go to the malls too often .
there are n't too many great stores .
this mall is not too big .
worst mall i have ever been to .
the food is disgusting !
also people begging for money right outside the door .
never again , this place should be torn down .
it will get sad rather quickly .
there are no complaints on my end .
very bad service don't get your phone fixed here .
can we just get the phone fixed ?
the environment was hostile and unprofessional .
veterinarian couldn't speak good english .
worst place to take a pet .
needless to say it was very expensive .
just spare the disaster .
such horrible customer service .
i'm sure walmart would 've taken them back !
rotten meat same day purchase and 1st time there .
the store was filthy and unorganized .
very long lines no matter what time of day .
don't even get me started on the starbucks line !
it was like she didn't want to be there .
service slow , pizza and wings were horrible .
zero stars , if i could give it .
doesn't stop by to see if you need anything .
the worst place i've ever eaten !
just a mess avoid at all costs !
the place wasn't even busy at this time .
never will i be back to this place .
this place is awful !
not the food but the service .
no more service from me .
worst service i've ever experienced .
didn't even acknowledge us .
horrible , horrible service they don't deserve any stars .
i'll never b going back .
totally inappropriate for any family restaurant in my opinion .
was not immediately impressed when i walked in .
place is in desperate need of some renovation .
drink was served in a cheap plastic cup .
so i ordered a salad instead .
also way too much cheese .
i don't like big brother hovering over my shoulder .
they make me feel uncomfortable to shop for wigs .
they are not compassionate or understanding to my condition .
i'm pissed because good customer service would have been .
we leave and walk the mall .
first off , this place is beyond crowded !
i cancelled my membership after a week .
horrible gym and service !
i went in as a guest no fee charged .
this is when things started to get ugly .
man , was he rude .
the equipment is outdated .
the restrooms didn't work , toilet paper everywhere .
it always feels crowded .
make him put his weights away !
locker rooms disgusting , smelly .
i went once and refused to go back .
i'm pretty sure you'll walk out of there sick !
if i could rate a zero i would .
it was the same if not worse .
that 's pretty ridiculous .
i didn't bother to shower there .
never again will i go there .
this gym i way over do for an upgrade .
but , hair in food ruined the experience .
owners speak little to no english .
wouldn't accept my coupon from verizon .
overall , would not return .
yelp failed us on this one .
no problem right stuff happens .
this place was ridiculous .
don't go back to baskin and robbins !
will never play here again after playing here today .
bunkers are annoying and inconsistent .
it's just not an enjoyable place to play .
better values and better pace elsewhere .
no pay at pump .
the entire visit lasted two and a half hours .
the receptionist threw me serious shade .
she just isn't thorough .
she just wasn't good with people .
food , i didn't like .
i didn't eat much of it .
overall , it's a typical chinese american restaurant .
extremely long wait time .
avoid this location at all cost !
no , just the regular oil change , thanks .
these people are complete idiots .
it was a little rude and off putting .
just a terrible location .
it wasn't any better .
asked for fried rice and honey sesame chicken .
then she asks me what entree .
then i get up to the register .
she rings me up and hands me one cup .
sat down to eat .
the honey sesame chicken was cold .
the orange chicken was barely warm .
this last trip may have been the breaking point .
doesn't offer and soy sauce or anything else .
very unimpressed and won't be coming back again .
tip to all the panda express managers .
will not be coming back to this location .
its not hard to take an order .
the place in general was not clean .
poor customer service , poor quality pizza .
the worst customer service ever !
they've gotten my order wrong every time !
do not order from here they are the worst !
i keep trying to give this place a chance .
the upside down blizzard was water down .
i gave them a call and never answered .
left them a voicemail and never returned my call .
she didn't apologize for the error .
she was too confused to answer my question .
i wouldn't recommend this stupid place at all !
i don't recommend going there .
this place is awful .
stay away from this unprofessional establishment .
can't get basic orders correct .
my husband has had problems with this location too .
i love kfc , but this location is horrible .
the chicken was dry and way overcooked .
they lost a sale and customer for being cheap .
do not go here for food .
don't even hang out in the parking lot .
don't eat the pizza , or hang out .
no apology or nothing !
arrived early to my appointment scheduled at 3pm .
if i could give lower , i would .
it too was similar .
the hot n sour soup was okay .
my partner thought it too sour .
it looks like someone 's already eaten it ! "
oh god in heaven : no !
it had very little sauce and very little cheese .
completely flavorless in my opinion .
i won't be ordering pizza from here again .
i've had much better elsewhere .
this was awful pizza .
mango margarita was pretty bad .
this restaurant does not know how to make them .
they were quite disgusting .
extremely dense and hard to eat .
not very tasty , not authentic sopapillas .
i noticed a reply on my rating .
slow service , mediocre mexican food .
goodbye macayo 's , you will be missed .
still no server at this point .
the food was disgusting .
no problem with the actual care at the facility .
they are consistently rude and unprofessional .
ultimately , it felt like being in a factory .
service was fast but poor .
more importantly , the food sucked .
the fried rice was terrible .
not really fried rice , just seasoned rice .
the beef was overcooked and chewy .
i am not a fan .
the orange chicken was not good .
the chicken egg foo young was ok .
meaning mexican style fajita cooking .
or did you just quit caring ?
this place was freezing cold inside !
wait lets not talk about it !
so i been looking for a year .
the star is for me and my seasoning additions !
their salsas are not spicy or flavorful .
they don't add much to the meal .
customer service isn't good .
my standards are n't met .
this doctor was horrible .
i would give zero stars if possible .
my second visit just got worse .
she had no compassion during a time of loss .
are you freaking kidding me ?
but i should have gone to a real salon .
i can't do that .
but i can try to texture it . "
maybe she was confused to what i meant ?
i totally regret ordering from them .
the pizza came more quickly than we had anticipated !
wish i could get my tip back .
this kung pao chicken is garbage .
i was sadly disappointed .
ingredients were of low quality with no taste .
however i am not satisfied with this place .
so disappointed , most likely won't be returning .
not recommended just go to walmart or somewhere else .
can never get things fixed .
this place is worse than a prison !
can never get things fixed .
do not move here !
the most awful place to move to !
that 's not my problem !
someone didn't clean the place thoroughly .
there is no iron in the rooms .
worst hotel i've stayed in ever .
this place deserves a big fat zero rating .
they deserve a star .
the door would not open .
unfortunately we had o option then to stay there .
honestly the worst service ever !
i would not have payed more otherwise .
it wasn't worth it .
first impression : the place is really really dirty .
i didn't want to drink out of my glass .
but it wasn't all that good either .
needless to say i will not be returning !
i had to get off freeway and return them .
the young girl working is rude .
poor poor customer service .
no one is behind me not no line .
no patience at all !
i will not be returning to this location .
where i come from they skate , not here .
i showed approved and then showed printing receipt .
half the time they can't get my order right .
he sure as hell didnt .
we get back home and the order was wrong .
all the sides were wrong .
skip skip skip it .
while the food itself seems to taste okay .
it has not been the same on several occasions .
he gave me my money back .
so done trying new nail places .
oops , i was using caps !
this made us a little uncomfortable .
this does not make any sense .
it added unfortunate stress to an already stressful day .
my uncle died very suddenly and unexpectedly .
this is the worst funeral home ever !
the customer service is horrible .
denise didn't remember ever speaking with me .
the customer service is horrible !
avoid coming to this ghetto target !
worst customer service in any target .
lady was really rude .
which made me just lose my appetite all together !
our server was really really rude .
had an attitude and got orders wrong .
had a terrible meal here from start to finish .
even my brother didn't want to finish them .
very sub par place .
everything was so very salty .
no wonder the place was empty .
service was alright but the food was terrible .
i just had the worst experience ever .
it was that bad .
good food but poor cleanliness apparently .
i couldn't even eat part of my meal .
she brought me my drink , minus the straw .
do not eat here .
its not worth what they charge .
shame on you texas roadhouse .
won't be back for quite awhile .
cold potato , the cheese wouldn't even melt .
the waitress then offered to refill our bread basket .
of my entree , only the salad was great !
my son 's smothered steak was da bomb !
i wish i'd gone to the big apple instead .
the noise level was quite ridiculous .
it is tolerable maybe once but not four times .
that 's not that worst part .
the manager said well i talk to her .
i don't even think we'll bother going back there .
the beer is still cold and good .
it was pretty awful .
it is the stuff of nightmares .
horrible system with seating .
the menu has nothing healthy on it .
so , i didn't order much .
i didn't like his service at all .
i'm not going back there next time .
the wings wasn't that good .
there are tvs on , not loud .
was it a bit too fat ? "
try a guinness or a porter , really .
very dangerous area it is infested with scorpions .
sure would like to know why ?
old appliances , like really old !
don't bother renting here .
worst place to live in az .
can't wait to move out .
this is the worst place ever .
this girl staff is fucking rude .
went upstairs to bring the mattress down .
very rude girls working here !
employees are so rude here .
the chicken was dry and had no flavor .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
chicken was hot and yummy .
wish i could give them zero stars .
don't stop , keep going !
the sight of the food was just completely unappealing .
customer service area sucks .
what different oil choices do i have ?
he just didn't care about being there .
you should do your best to avoid this wal-mart .
i really didn't care .
they didn't bother me .
no paper towels anywhere in gas fill up area .
worst qt i've ever been to .
this place is a rip off .
but the dentist was rude .
home depot is usually pretty good .
avoid this location if you can .
i am absolutely disgusted with this store .
worst customer service ever !
i have nothing nice to say .
no " here you go ! "
well , taco bell is taco bell .
the service here sucks .
if you don't you won't get any .
do not trust these people with your card !
i never understood party favors .
so do they ; why are you asking ?
over priced and disorganized !
went in tonight , for a date night .
spent money on crappy food and horrible service !
also , the noodles were halfway over cooked .
this place is consistently bad .
the food in my opinion is so commercial .
i ordered the cheese ravioli with tomato sauce .
they ran out of pumpkin cheesecake .
could use less sugar but whatever works .
now i remember why i don't like olive garden .
no , of course not !
i think that 's totally awesome .
not to mention that is not even busy !
this location deserves zero stars !
olive garden is olive garden .
people have bad days .
businesses have bad days .
as i said before , one pass .
it was just a very unpleasant meal .
not a big fan .
this place is horrible .
rude hostess and bad customer service .
their service is terrible !
water glasses , dirty .
that seems incredibly unacceptable .
the waiter would disappear and hardly checked on us .
when seated the table was not clean .
managers name is allen wear .
he does not know how to operate the business .
i'm usually a big fan of olive garden .
the dish was very bland .
but she said unfortunately they had no more sauce ?
probably the worst olive garden i have been to .
the food was cold and did not meet expectations .
i wish i could give this place negative stars .
i ordered fried lasagna which was burned .
service and food are disgusting .
our main course came out before the soup !
and we didn't even get chocolates with the check !
the worse service ever !
do not go here and waste your money !
i don't know smh .
entirely way too long .
i didn't have to give you a dime .
this was my last visit to any outback .
diner beware : it will go down under quickly .
don't bother to remember this place .
they can't find my house .
it's not hard to find , i swear .
i was extremely disappointed with our experience .
they keep messing up orders .
he got everything but the lower bun .
she said nothing to me .
she then blamed me !
* the office manager anna is insanely rude .
zero customers , food took forever .
filthy restrooms with no paper towels .
no napkins in main lobby .
they get my order wrong .
i am not kidding or exaggerating .
unfortunately it's the closest one to our house .
do not eat here .
informed the driver thru person and obviously didn't care .
service was below average but not terrible .
the sandwiches were not good at all .
no customer service at all .
i walked in and no one greeted us .
neither of them acknowledged me .
none of the six of them acknowledged me .
she didn't even bother to come over my way .
avoid coming here if you don't have to .
they throw everything in very sloppy .
i usually avoid this particular one .
also the golf carts were very loud .
bad bad bad service !
first off the customer service was terrible .
i was like no there is no way !
i would recommend not going to this place ever !
-- with said gross !
won't return and threw away 3/4 of the pizza .
i sat down and waited .
i clearly ordered the special when i walked in .
the other constant is how rude everyone is .
which in theory , is a little high .
i took one bite and couldn't eat anymore .
chicken was best described as canned chicken .
i lost my appetite .
not even worth to try .
food tasted old , got sick .
i will not come back .
the service is terrible .
nothing bad ; but nothing exciting either .
its all thrown in in a hurry .
they are never apologetic for this by the way .
not really i heard you talking about your relationship .
( he was under a year old ) .
there care is sub-par .
i didn't believe them like i stated above .
the enchiladas were the real disappointment .
i was very unsatisfied with the food .
there was no taste to the food at all .
the guacamole tasted watery and bland .
very disappointed in the quality of the food .
great customer service but food was bland .
granted it was busy .
the greeter when you walk in doesn't smile .
horrible experience with the bakery !
this place is crap .
i will not adopt from them any longer either .
it is tacky to the touch and uneven .
not to mention the place was filthy !
that should have been my first clue .
i'll spend my money where it's welcome .
when i checked my order the fries were cold .
will never visit this location again !
unfortunately my last experience on friday was horrible !
i ordered chicken strips for my daughter .
the lemonade tasted like dirt .
do not use this company .
unorganized and lack of integrity .
it was awkward and frustrating .
we couldn't wait till he was gone .
my tow assistance is set by progressive at 10am .
this company is complete fraud .
the woman owner won't even give me her name .
i don't know how they got such good reviews .
the beans were too runny as well .
and the exterior is just as bad .
now it is just plain bad food .
just didn't work out for us .
the burrito was big but only fair tasting .
the chips are unremarkable .
the food just didn't taste fresh .
meat sitting around at room temperature in plain view .
not a regular roach a huge sewer roach .
making me sick just thinking about it .
i didnt even get utensils .
i got done what i needed to get done .
it wasn't terrible , but it wasn't pleasant .
this place is for the cheap and dirty sort .
never again shall i use this spot .
bad bed very poor sleep .
always busy dirty and smells like cigarette buds .
the place is dirty and disgusting .
only one star because i have to .
don't waste your money .
it wasn't my idea to come .
why are the fast food chains always so busy ?
terrible customer service , staff arguing with each other .
this location is horrible .
i will not be coming back to this one .
horrible service and dirty facility .
horrible service , very difficult to deal with .
never again after that have i ate there .
i air dried from my shower instead .
nothing was ever mentioned about smoking rooms .
i will never come to this restaurant again .
the noodles were disgusting .
do not use this company !
but why would i , i didn't suspect them .
do not use this company !
it was a horrible experience .
three of my large furniture pieces were damaged .
do not use this company !
never again will i go here .
almost like a smokey smell mixed with bad bo .
the blankets were paper thin .
the hotel staff couldn't have cared about anyone one .
please don't stay here .
wi-fi didn't work either .
flat out stinks , as in smells bad .
abandoned motel next door with its windows busted out .
didn't feel too safe to go for a walk .
this was the worst one i've ever been to !
no one greeted us or even acknowledged us !
they just out some on top .
the sandwich was greasy and tasted like chemicals .
the egg was overcooked .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
just flat out rude .
won't go back to this waffle house again .
but yesterday was a disaster .
horrible customer service today !
it was very busy .
waffles were looking good .
our move was a nightmare was the start .
p e r i o d .
i am so disappointed , i feel cheated .
i wish i would have gone with them !
i wouldn't refer anyone to use this company .
as writing this still stuck in the drive thru .
only taking cash at the moment which sucks !
this place pretty much sucked .
i've had nothing but bad experiences with then .
now this place sucks .
worst truck wash i ever get .
not by a long shot !
i could deal with the really basic room .
for the price , i didn't expect much .
that said , the carpets were disgusting .
if i could give them a zero i would .
nothing to report there .
come on now that is ridiculous .
like money was brought up a lot .
this place is a horrible location .
avoid this location at all cost .
buyer beware , you buy as is .
man this place used to be great .
don't eat at this place .
i never felt pain like that before .
grease with a side of food poisoning .
she spoke english when she took my money .
these guys are rude and unprofessional .
don't fall for this .
we couldn't tell who worked there and who didn't .
this was during a wine tasting event .
also i checked out the restroom .
there were no one playing , no one .
stay away from here as i will !
no green grass at all .
the greens were barely being watered .
this location doesn't even come close to being awesome .
went to get my dogs nails trimmed and bath .
the selection is just so-so .
he did not even bother requesting a price check .
let alone the store manager was snotty and rude !
will not be back ever and filed a complaint !
refuse to be treated poorly .
this particular petsmart is no exception .
don't waste your money here .
i got sucked in .
well that 's a load of horse $ h !
the cheese bread was yummy as well !
tasted like they put tons of salt on it .
isn't this dinner time ?
do not go here .
she just told me to pick something else .
so i did but still not satisfied .
i would never take my jewelry here again .
the owner was very rude !
i asked why he was being so rude .
however i will never do business there again .
do not trust these people , and also rude .
the movie detail sucks .
like i said , i did my homework .
i also noticed these prices were pretty stiff .
in sum , a very bad experience .
its ok , i guess .
the food was disgusting and gross .
food was so bad we left without eating .
this was not a pleasant experience .
very disappointing food and waste of my time .
this place was a disaster .
serves bad and slow .
food cold , tasteless and soggy .
horrible customer service and very rude front desk lady .
poor ambience and operations .
she is also an canadian / bosnian .
really not impressed at all .
mediocre quality , at best .
overall , i was not impressed and regret going .
it was corned beef on a roll .
the people working seemed very confused making my sandwich .
this was our cue to leave .
this makes my sandwhich wrapping a mess !
needless to say we were shocked .
i was told because the neighborhood is bad .
not worth it to me .
stop by for a beer sat .
i won't be stopping there again .
shouldn't have wasted our time .
walked in and no hello from the bartender .
no , we are locals .
stopped by for a local , fire grilled burger .
it sure was quick , but , come on !
this was not good .
maybe it was a bad day , but .
( which the soda was flat ) .
i was blatantly ignored and when i asked again .
i literally couldn't believe what had happened .
i am never going to this one again .
not satisfied at all .
i want my old lenny 's back .
location is not really nice .
bad business decision , in my opinion .
their comics are also in poor condition .
they don't take care of their comics .
that is to say , service was totally non-existent .
i've gone with my mother to buy appliances here .
there are no mirrors !
i couldn't find a mirror to save my life !
the restrooms were a disaster !
pretty sad , really .
i left my purchases there along with another customer .
no problem , i'll take my business somewhere else .
can't even supply their shoppers with shopping carts .
save your money and don't buy a warranty !
the staff is extremely rude and unorganized !
i have never been so disappointed !
the restroom had no toilet paper or hand soap .
pumps and bathrooms are always dirty .
this one is trashy !
now i want to give it a zero .
papa johns pizza is nasty .
it's the worst pizza i've ever had .
absolute worst banking experience i have ever had .
this place seriously needs more tellers .
the waiting time is just ridiculous .
i really hate coming here .
got ripped off big time .
i was very unimpressed with this store .
he was very unhelpful and rude .
i said i only use apple .
very limited selection of everything .
stay as far away from this place as possible .
both looked grossed as hell .
i can't even imagine what the kitchen looks like .
will never , ever visit this establishment again !
the stations were messy and they were short staffed .
the service was nice but not worth coming back .
i was totally disappointed with this place .
it's now to the point where it's disgusting .
we'll not go back .
i wanted to like it , i really did .
i was very disappointed .
the rest of the food items were just gross .
there is trash and food all over it .
just went back this weekend .
not as good as 1st few times .
service was a bit slow and not that friendly .
well , no kidding !
the lady who takes your order is rude .
the sides were terrible .
the mac n cheese was almost gone .
i was left with seafood salad and coleslaw .
there was no chicken on the inside .
i would have been better off at kfc .
this place is run down for a safeway .
the deli and prepared food area smells bad .
had the worst experience at the deli section .
she started yelling and giving me bad attitude .
to add to that , they are super slow !
had the worst experience with safeway this week .
i don't know , though , just my opinion .
so , his arrival didn't help the problem .
and left , never to return .
it didn't ring up so the cashier called someone .
they don't live up to their name .
not smart and maybe not final .
he didn't care that my daughter had gotten sick .
his customers service skills are poor at best .
it just wouldn't be worthwhile .
so i was immediately done with this place .
this place has horrible customer service .
terrible experience don't recommend to anybody .
otherwise it would get zero stars from me .
the bad : where do i begin ?
the tired bartenders are over worked and under staffed .
won't be this place .
only had one bartender and no server .
they really need a waitress to run the floor .
bomb wings but slow service .
the staff is completely horrible and unprofessional .
i was ate wings but i taste weird .
will not be returning .
isn't that a little bit unethical ?
buying here was the mistake of the year .
it makes me never want to buy furniture again .
the communication with this store was awful !
getting by bed delivered was a pain .
horrible wont ever go back .
how can you mess up a greek salad ?
i walked in and they told me they're closed .
the customer service was very lousy today .
i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
what a horrible experience !
will not be eating little caesars ever again .
merchandise is really outdated .
this is the inventory that no one wanted .
no sales help , very depressing .
don't plan on finding quality product at low prices .
employees were overly rude , inconsiderate and unprofessional .
really disappointed with the service at this location .
they were rude and unapologetic .
wouldn't recommend this dentist to anyone .
the equipment they had was really outdated and painful .
not like they're doing the work for free !
office max has officially lost my business .
they don't have my ink .
it was a empty bar .
walk up menu and salsa bar for lunch only .
so i was a little disappointed at this point .
things were not right .
they are rude and dirty .
this is a warning : don't go there !
but i have to get this off my chest .
you really can't go wrong with fried shrimp .
it was pretty odd for an almost empty restaurant .
the coconut shrimp was ok .
but , the shrimp linguini totally blew .
absolutely terrible service from our waitress .
will not be coming back .
the hostess was very unfriendly .
could hardly find the mozzarella either .
only good thing was the toasted bun .
do not stay here .
shame i can't give this place a lower review .
the management was rude .
the toilet in the room didn't stop running .
i won't be staying here ever again .
there is no plug for the the drain .
the bathroom was disgusting .
i can't understand how they're still in business .
don't ever ever ever stay at this hotel .
worst hotel experience ever .
the cheese is different , the crust is different .
the wings are sorry .
the manager , steve , was very rude .
he was a total ass .
and the cashier was a complete bitch .
her attitude was disgusting .
i don't understand why they don't do dressing either .
so the salad was a fail .
food arrives , everything is normal , whatever .
i strongly suggest something ( anything ) else .
may i recommend the apricot chicken or mixed grill ?
both waiters where rude and condescending .
she said , sorry you're next .
night was ruined before i got my food .
i would normally give og a 3-4 .
she was not even friendly !
heavy sauces , bland dishes and so-so service .
maybe i am just visiting at the wrong time .
don't go to this metro location .
this place was filthy !
several trays were empty , and were not refilled .
no words for this experience .
never again in this dump .
fried shrimp was over cooked .
the bread wasnt too bad .
yes , hoping someone would hear me .
waiter dropped off food and never came back !
didn't care if we needed anything .
the chicken alfredo was nasty .
sauce tastes old and left over .
absolute no seasoning on the nasty meat .
the food was awful .
the steak had absolutely no taste .
there is a texas roadhouse around the corner .
her potato was burnt and dry .
her entire meal was horrible .
awful , food sits and is old .
i was so very disappointed .
i couldn't even bring myself to finish one bowl .
hardly any sauces , and it's totally ugly inside .
their pineapple was bad .
i opted for the cod .
it seemed gross and chewy .
upon entering , the atmosphere was just ok .
there was nothing special .
i would not recommend this place to anyone ever .
there 's no chance i will ever be back .
guess it's not my thing .
even the ice cream for dessert lacks luster .
no toppings , just soft serve vanilla ice cream .
maybe mongolian grills are not my thing .
there was no one else in there .
went tonight on a recognition and was horribly disappointed .
this doesn't even come close .
even the frozen yogurt didn't taste very good .
wow this place is bad .
also they do not have gluten free soy sauce .
i would stay away from this restaurant .
not worth the money .
we will not be back !
worst mongolian bbq i've ever had .
this restaurant was very disappointing .
this place was by far the worst .
the broccoli tasted like it was not washed .
this pharmacy is awful .
do not trust the minute clinic website !
walgreen 's is dead to me .
pharmacy staff is rude .
that 's too bad .
which is pretty sad since it's for children .
the customer service there was awful .
but , the food was terrible .
there were bad grapes mixed in with good ones .
and the salad looked old .
chuck e cheese is our typical friday outing .
got the salad , it was ok .
like they don't give a crap .
we will not be coming back .
i am not exaggerating .
horrible service and ethics !
zero stars just the middle finger .
why wouldn't she tell me that from the beginning ?
if i could give negative rating omg i would .
the wings were just gross .
they were a soggy , greasy , tasteless mess .
this place is horrible !
under it's current management it's a complete ripoff .
the food has never been much more than convenient .
don't give them your business .
i could not believe it .
it literally ruined my night .
really over an hour behind and nothing .
anyway , the service lacked in every way .
rude management , tasteless food , overpriced .
don't waste your time or money here .
yuck , yuck yuck .
i've been wanting chicken fingers all day .
manager says she needs it for inventory .
my pizza was cold .
over cooked and disgusting .
get a life , worse pizza in town !
we literally couldn't eat our dinner .
no wonder the food was so bad .
looked at the bottom of container barely any sauce .
this is the worst excuse for italian food ever .
i just had a horrible experience with this location .
then an hour goes by no food .
no apologies , nothing .
this was a waste of time .
worst food and customer service ever .
i guess that is not the case .
i don't know how else to put it .
i should not have gone .
bye bye forever mean people !
fed up i called the district manager .
i told him that is not my issue .
i pay my bill monthly on time .
after all , i am the customer .
i wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
after they hook you , they don't care .
from outside this place looks sketchy at best .
i will be contacting groupon to get a refund .
i won't come back .
i'm not even kidding , it was falling off .
don't buy the groupon .
however , this is a school .
it is simply awful .
i was very disappointed with my manicure .
it's not good here .
the manager was nice enough - no big deal .
no child or baby here .
but no one told me !
it's just too weird .
i really don't know if it was water .
the water was barely flowing .
this was beyond unacceptable !
lots of shady people out and about .
cops always seem to be here .
not a family friendly place at all .
no bed bugs in my room though !
but i don't feel my vehicle is safe outside .
drug deals out in the parking lot .
my boyfriend and i recently drove cross country .
this hotel was the worst hotel we stayed in .
the area seemed very sketchy .
i am glad we only stayed one night here .
maintenance replaced the phone .
couldn't get out of the there fast enough .
that was the only good thing about this place .
the worst place i ever stayed .
my pillow case had a burned hole in it .
the sheets , comforter , and towels were stained .
it's ghetto and the service is incredibly horrible .
i'm never going there again .
half the lights don't work .
no wonder they are closing down everywhere .
there were no check-out lanes open .
this place is terrible !
what i was not fine with .
nor will anyone else i know .
very rude , will not come back .
but nothing show stopping .
i wouldn't go here for a meal ever again .
never again will i go back to this restaurant .
the food here isn't very good .
it has n't been for quite a few years .
