excellent chinese and superb service .
my favorite chinese food in az !
it's full of fresh ingredients , light and tasty .
they're quite generous with the shrimp !
as i said , best ever !
didn't know this type cuisine could be this great !
go there , eat , enjoy !
best chinese food i've had in a long time .
finding excellent chinese is always a challenge .
so happy to find george and sons !
i recommend ordering the special chicken really good !
you actually can enjoy a conversation .
both dishes prepared with quality veggies .
the house chow fun was also superb .
the food is excellent and the service is exceptional !
the waitresses are friendly and helpful .
my experience was brief , but very good .
best place for chinese in the area .
i will be going back !
the restaurant itself is romantic and quiet .
finally a restaurant worth talking about !
i highly recommend this place !
my appetizer was also very good and unique .
they also served brown rice for an extra charge .
i would recommend a visit here .
george runs a good ship !
the food is always fresh and tasty .
george runs a good ship !
but so far the place is a must eat !
i really like the food here in general .
amazing food , very unique .
excellent service , good food , and nice atmosphere .
all was hot and good .
so i'm always getting pleasant surprises .
great as always , i love there food .
most seafood are my favorite .
the taste is excellent !
and food are very fresh .
the environment is very romantic and intimate .
uncle george is very friendly to each guest .
it's a very good chinese food restaurant .
the food is fresh and the environment is good .
the coconut shrimp with walnuts is absolutely delicious !
excellent quality and friendly service .
everything tasted great and the service was excellent .
we will definitely come back here !
overall , it was a very positive dining experience .
this place was fantastic !
this will be our new date night spot !
we'll definitely be back !
excellent service , too !
very clean and really nice people .
they make good sandwiches .
but this one is very good .
it's well-maintained and cleaning .
then you can't go wrong with the subway .
but the sandwich came out good .
this albertsons is always very organized and clean .
the entire staff is so friendly and helpful .
steve the manager is a joy to the customers .
they keep their aisles clean here .
the store manager and assistant managers are always helpful !
oh and the pharmacist 's are super helpful too !
cashiers are nice and there are good deals here .
i would definitely recommend this place .
good prices and excellent service .
i highly recommend her .
she is the best kept secret in scottsdale !
i thought the owners were trustworthy and genuine .
a fun selection of unique jewelry too .
i got a watch battery replaced here today .
i'll definitely use them again !
they are very professional and a top notch jeweler .
you will be in good hands .
great place to go for watch and jewelry repairs .
they also have nice selection of vintage jewelry .
honest all the way .
i highly recommend this place - it is amazing .
karen the owner is incredibly flexible .
karen takes very good care of the dogs .
i had the benefit of finding always unleashed !
the ideal place for any dog .
staffed 24/7 with great , caring people .
we love always unleashed !
so glad we found always unleashed !
the facilities are amazing !
best dog camp ever !
they offer a lot of amenities at reasonable prices .
very happy with this place !
life long customer here !
definitely recommend this place .
prices are the best !
all of this and their prices are extremely reasonable .
it made me emotional .
i love this facility .
the pool is also great .
the staff here is also fantastic .
always unleashed is the best !
when we drop them off they are so excited .
always unleashed get to five star rating from me .
thank you always unleashed !
great place and great staff .
always a positive experience at always unleashed .
well done always unleashed !
this place is great .
a great place , no resort for your dog !
the set up is great for our valley weather .
this place is so great !
she was super sweet !
everything ha always come out wonderfully .
service has always been excellent .
she completed on time as promise .
annie is the best tailor i've found yet here .
i would recommend her time and again .
super fast and accomodating for large groups !
the office staff is super friendly and efficient .
great location to stores , restaurants and other amenities .
i recommend the night tour .
i always take visitors here .
the tour was great and informative .
this is brilliant work with a southwestern flair .
i've always loved frank lloyd wright .
i visit phoenix pretty regularly to see family .
a tour of the place is recommended .
the grounds are beautiful as well .
the whole tour was free !
i definitely had a good time .
well worth the $ 30+ price of admission .
she was informative , cheerful , and funny .
our tour guide was knowledgeable and kept everyone interested .
the grounds are beautiful and immaculately kept .
well worth the money !
i was really impressed with the tour !
my husband really enjoyed it .
well what 's to say ?
it's all fascinating stuff and i highly recommend it .
the house was amazing and beautiful .
i will for sure be back to see again !
all in all a good tour .
great tour , interesting background information and nice people .
the architecture was very inspiring .
this is a must-see when you come to scottsdale !
frank lloyd wright has a nice following .
staff is super friendly .
beautiful , funky place !
definitely worth a visit .
showed the highlights and the guide was good .
the tour is a bit pricy , esp .
great place to see in scottsdale .
check the tour times ahead of time .
truly a special place .
a very unique place in the nature .
great views , unique structure and grounds .
frank lloyd wright 's architecture is just amazing .
beautiful , natural , and relaxing .
the tour was really engaging and interesting .
worth the trip to see it .
what a beautiful place .
gift shop has some great treats .
a must see in scottsdale .
i'm so happy we decided to see it .
we enjoyed our recent visit here .
he was clever , funny and very engaging .
i would highly recommend a visit here .
tour guide was friendly and accommodating .
this was the highlight of our trip .
great place to visit when coming to scottsdale .
excellent tour , exceeded expectations .
good school for kids who like building things .
it's a nice experience .
i highly recommend taking the afternoon tour .
our guide was extremely detailed .
the tour guide was knowledgable and sweet .
the tour guide was friendly and informative .
some of the best views are from outside .
one of the best experiences ever !
the guide was very knowledgeable , friendly and engaging .
a great tour and well worth the cost .
an enjoyable tour of a historic place .
great tour inside the private quarters .
amazing for the era .
our guide don was fabulous !
we all had a great time !
very friendly staff , comfy beds .
will defiantly stay here again .
their entire staff is friendly .
the waiting room is so relaxing and clean .
i wish i had found this place years ago !
very easy going and accommodating .
he is an expert in his field !
beautiful office and the staff is friendly .
this guy is as solid as they come .
big plus for a busy woman !
the service is great - fast and friendly .
great neighborhood corner market .
one of my favorite spots in this neighborhood .
the best meatball sandwiches ever !
i love this place !
would recommend this veterinary practice without reservation .
thank you for all you do for us .
what a nice place !
best vets in town !
great and caring staff and docs .
i would definitely recommend this clinic .
animal clinic del rancho is the best .
everyone in the office is awesome !
the best animal clinic in arizona !
they are simply the best !
great staff , great doctors .
jason is professional and pleasant .
i would recommend them and use them again .
amazingly , fred made it look good as new .
very scenic and the bunkers were pristine .
love the views of four peaks !
the food is excellent not to mention the staff !
this place is the best !
went into this location and had a great experience .
i love this bank !
definitely a step up from long john 's .
this is a solid location .
but this place deserves it .
which was a great suggestion .
i got a few extra things .
i love this place !
i had a fun year with those .
i'm completely kidding about the fun year thing .
it's a win win !
friendly staff and good service .
the place is always clean .
nice combination of service and food .
but , it's worth it !
the service is superior and also very quick !
usually the staff is fast and very nice .
the club mex is pretty good .
i just received one via email .
there are open again .
found this this mechanic right off of yelp .
and until this day the breaks are terrific .
i would definitely recommend his work to anyone .
his pricing is fair and decent .
bob is the best !
honest , calm , fair .
the friendly , curious cats are a bonus .
i feel like he's a part of the family !
i love this place and you will too !
the coolest , most unique shop in arizona .
and boy is it full of colorful stuff !
i love this place .
their servers are fun and so are their bartenders .
the tempura shrimp was tender and delicious .
the patrons all looked happy and relaxed .
all in all , we'll be back !
perfectly done everytime , no questions asked !
good for a small stop and satisfy sushi craving .
otherwise , just great sushi .
very good sushi over at ra on mill .
have fun be safe and good luck .
i love this place !
it was so delicious and the service was great !
all the people there are very nice !
i love this place .
im really surprised at some of these negative reviews !
i always have great service here .
i love , love this place .
we had a very good lunch .
the service was good once we sat down .
the sushi rolls were good .
best vegas rolls ive ever had !
i am definitely a fan .
love their happy hour specials .
food is always good and out quickly .
i love sake and i love the apps here .
vegas roll is amazing !
service was good as well !
all of the bartenders are really friendly and personable .
one of the bartenders made us some amazing shots !
clean , fun atmosphere .
i love this place .
the sushi was fresh and the presentation was gorgeous .
i really enjoyed my mango martini as well .
i especially love the quick service here .
ra happy hour is always my go to .
quality of food is always spot on though !
very good and i always get to much food !
service was good , fast and friendly .
one of the best bar tenders around .
a bit pricey but completely worth it !
this is my girlfriend 's favorite sushi spot .
they have great salmon here i'll give them that .
the calamari fried and shrimp fried was delicious .
the dynamite sushi was delicious , worth to try !
good sushi place , had some unique creations .
service was decent , atmosphere was pretty happening .
very cool vibe , great service .
very enjoyable mill experience .
incredible service at lunch time .
saki bomb is great .
white peach sangria is delicious !
the dining experience , as usual , was wonderful .
the vegas rolls were phenomenal as always .
we will definitely keep coming back !
i like the atmosphere and loved the sushi .
absolute best martini in town !
such a great time .
decent sushi bar , especially for a college town .
but the food was so good !
i had the peach and it's smooth like candy !
still the best sushi .
this place is great !
i love the dcor as well .
very fresh sashimi and true japanese food !
will be back for more !
service is super fast too !
give these guys props !
great customer service goes a long way .
great convenient location downtown by the light rail .
keep up the great work ladies !
good food : ) would recommend .
stick to the original .
i loved this place when i lived in tempe .
all their food is excellent including their desserts .
a happening and exciting restaurant / bar .
is it the tempe water , i hope not .
but , the food and brews are the best .
see you in december .
great beer and really good beer bread .
awesome beers , awesome food .
god i love this place !
the food is delicious .
great place for happy hour .
good food , great beer , fun atmosphere .
fantastic food and atmosphere !
you got ta try the peach beer .
the beer flights are fun too .
i love this place .
the food is great too by the way .
all the food is freaking amazing !
the sunday brunch is great .
great food and atmosphere .
the burgers are good too !
the service was excellent .
four good stars because : atmosphere is great .
great place to watch a game !
amazing beer and a menu inspired around it .
this spot is awesome .
lots of space , and good service .
i always get the bavarian pretzel - a favorite !
treat get the oatmeal chocolate stout shake .
the warehouse atmosphere and patio really make the experience .
really good beer and beer selection .
their food is pretty good too .
their beers always hit the spot .
and the prices is good .
this is my favorite location .
i crave them all the time .
they are my favorite cheeseburgers ever though .
the pasta salad side is wonderful too .
but , it's crowded because it's good , right ?
great beers and descent food .
best beer in arizona : hop knot ipa .
this is my kind of place .
it's a great spot for outdoor seating .
great beers , great ambiance , incredible food .
everyone knows this place rocks .
great place to hang out or eat !
the food is good and the beer is wonderful !
they has nice water .
the food was tasty but nothing spectacular .
the service is always quick .
love the rustic , off the beaten path vibe .
you always leave completely satisfied .
i absolutely regret coming here .
you will be happy you did .
a bit hidden , but worth the find !
regular in the work rotation for lunch .
their appetizers and sandwiches are well served .
had the kilt lifter and it was great .
i love this place .
it was wicked hot in here mid afternoon !
one of my favorite microbrews these days .
a good option for any day of the week .
this place is great .
good au jus on the side .
the staff is friendly and the food is excellent .
wow was that cake good , and big !
oh and the beer was so good .
i appreciate the high ceilings and friendly bartenders .
always a must have when i'm in arizona .
i love the kiltlifter .
best bar in tempe .
funny considering its called four peaks .
okay , enough of that .
always a great spot for happy hour or lunch .
this is by far my favorite brewery in az .
they serve good beer and you just enjoy !
i love this place .
the food is awesome .
one of our favorite breweries !
the food is outstanding !
love the beer , atmosphere and food !
one of our favorite breweries !
the food is outstanding !
the food is awesome drunk food .
the beer is great as well .
it's loud , it's packed , it's fun .
definitely worth stopping in .
this is a great local spot .
it doesn't get better than this !
great beer , good food .
service and staff always very good & friendly .
always a good time and the beer is great !
food is better than you ever expect .
that aside , i do really enjoy brewery itself .
the best brewery i've ever been to .
especially ) and an amazing building .
the sandwiches and burgers are really good .
the atmostphere is great .
this place is great .
cool atmosphere and good brews .
both were very good .
best in az hands down .
wow what a great place !
happy hour runs until 6pm or 10pm to close .
its a really relaxed environment .
the best beer battered fries i have had .
four peaks is a classic institution .
so far its definitely top of my list .
i love their peach ale .
it's a great place to watch any sporting event .
this place is awesome !
the nachos are huge and are very good .
one word : amazing !
this place is amazing .
the servers are nice and on their game .
great beers , highly recommend the kilt lifter .
excellent brew pub with awesome beer and food !
i loved this place .
they have a great selection of brewed beers .
their burgers were big and juicy .
this place is full of excitement .
but it was good .
the popper burger was amazing , i strongly recommend .
it was filling and had decent flavor .
i love this place .
the food is great and the beer is awesome .
great atmosphere and wonderful food .
good happy hour prices also .
and it was worth it !
i love going here .
loved it both times !
the food is pretty good ( killer fries ) .
waitstaff : remains the most attractive in the valley .
the absolute right way to do a brew pub .
the beer is very good .
the kilt lifter filet is juicy and good .
good food and beer .
had a great lunch here today .
best brewery in az by far .
all in all a nice place to be .
this place was pretty kick ass .
they have a good burgers too .
best chicken strips you can find !
i loved this place .
the sandwich and the beer were absolutely delicious .
one of my favorite spots in tempe by far .
best french fries in town .
the food is always delicious .
i really enjoy both of the beer breads .
i will return to indulge again .
good experience i would have to say .
this place was really good .
the outdoor seating was nice .
i'll definitely be back soon .
the atmosphere and decor and decor are cool .
they have really good sandwiches and other good eats .
the food holds it's own .
best bar in tempe .
they have very tasty food as well !
great place for a great micro brew !
love the food , beer and atmosphere !
regardless , i still keep going back .
the eggs benedict delivers !
great beers , fantastic patio , very good service .
this is such a fun place .
always nice and quick to give suggestions .
the patio is partially covered or fully open .
this is one of my favorite places !
best chicken fingers around .
my wife and i found four peaks by chance .
great food , great service , great beer .
i love cheese and they use lots of it .
the burgers and fries are great .
got the burger and wings - both very solid .
terrific for lunch , happy hour or dinner .
the beers are all pretty good .
i have a truly deep love of this place .
food amazing and with plenty of specials offered .
this place is really as good as it gets !
great food , great service , excellent beer .
i love four peaks , the beer is great .
it is refreshing great for any day in az .
definitely give the hop knot a try !
best brewery in arizona .
great bar food , absolutely awesome beers .
great food that 's affordable .
as good as everyone says in their review .
fries are great too .
and they have a good kids menu .
let me say , wow , what brew .
a great place to just be .
that 's all i got to say about that !
they make some amazing seasonal beers .
it's actually my favorite time to go .
i love four peaks !
like a party in your mouth !
good wings and nice beer selection .
great selection of beers , something for everyone .
four peaks also offers great food too .
great beer , pretty good food.
the spinach artichoke dip is fantastic .
burger is great too !
the beer is fantastic as is the food .
i highly recommend the beer bread !
amazing food and i'm a vegetarian !
their pizza , appetizers , and sandwiches are great .
absolutely the best brewery in arizona .
the beer selection is superb .
good burger , and great service .
the arizona peach ale is my favorite !
and yes , service is great too .
four peaks is awesome !
i love this place !
the service is also excellent .
overall , a good place to go to .
great local gem of tempe .
great food , great beer , and decent service .
one of my favorite places !
dislike there 's no parking but its worth walking !
we had the peach ale which was absolutely fantastic .
the fries were crazy good too .
stay for the food !
it was hot , fresh and cooked perfectly !
good food , great drinks , great value .
this place is awesome !
i love this place .
this is a first rate place !
food is delicious and fresh .
i love four peaks !
the food is delicious as well .
they were both amazing .
this place is so cool .
great food , great energy , great servers !
they were all tasty !
some of the best beers i've ever had !
loved , loved the oatmeal stout .
their beer is solid and consistent .
occasionally a really fantastic seasonal will blow through .
good beer and great food .
they have the best spinach artichoke dip around !
the warm pita bread served with it makes it .
8th street ale is my favorite !
prices are reasonable and the food is always good .
there is always a big , big crowd .
their kitchen is open to 1am , awesome !
my friend ordered the wings and they smelled hot !
their food was definitely delicious !
service was excellent ( as always ) .
the burgers are very good .
over the top service .
a fun place to hang out with friends .
love so many of their beers .
and the beer is awesome !
their food is great .
very light for a perfect sunny afternoon .
always crowded for a reason !
great food and service .
prices good and lots of food .
there social media presence is wonderful .
so refreshing and exciting to see .
all the food is delicious !
a good local brewery with excellent food !
best bar food in all of az !
the beers are as everyone knows are fantastic .
this place is fantastic !
great food , and i love kiltlifter .
my cousin loved the peach ale .
you'll absolutely love their fries too !
the food is incredible .
beers are excellent and brewed on-site .
great atmostphere and helpful , attractive servers .
me and my hubby loved it !
we felt right at home and tried every beer .
to top it off the food was great too .
my favorite place to eat in tempe !
i love love love love four peaks .
the food is delicious .
the beer is even better .
food is always good .
great beer , great food , fun place .
great beer and ambiance .
i recommend trying the arizona peach at least once .
is worth coming back for .
every time is a great time .
the food was amazing though !
typical brew house with great local microbrew !
enjoyable all around but it's loud .
almost as good as the beers !
great place , fun atmosphere , not expensive .
the beer is so damn good .
four peaks is amazing !
great beers , really good food .
beer ( esp pumpkin porter ) is great .
i love this place .
if you like calamari you will love theirs !
awesome service and great food !
very busy but still offer great food and service .
if you have n't visited , check it out !
good place to go and have a drink .
the pizza at this place is surprisingly good .
very good beer , nice atmosphere and nice employees .
the food is pretty good as well .
i love the popper burger .
the beer is amazing .
the food is even better .
everything about the food and beer are amazing .
definitely worth the visit .
the best in tempe .
great beers , foods , and customer service !
i love breweries and i love four peaks .
one of e best breweries in az .
good food and beer .
a little pricey , but worth it .
the pumpkin porter is one of my favorite beers .
definitely a place that you can bring anyone to .
i've always had a great experience with this place .
they sell beer to go here , great idea !
try the sampler of beer .
good hearty bar food .
the food here is also amazing !
so much yummy beer and food !
crispy and well seasoned .
friendly service and fun atmosphere .
their beers are great !
now our favorite list of beers has increased .
they go excellent together !
i love this place for a good raj ipa .
great service , great food , great beer !
food is always very good as well .
best brewery food i have ever had .
this place is the best !
the service has been quick and friendly .
the food has always been tasty in my case !
this place is just so good !
everyone already knows how good they are .
probably my favorite burger joint in the valley !
one of my favorites !
definitely a go to place !
great college town brew pub .
amazing beer with a good menu of good food .
this is the spot for beer in the valley .
also the sunday brunch is great too .
this place is awesome !
we also liked that you can buy cases onsite .
thanks for a fun and memorable evening out !
cool atmosphere , good food , great beer .
four peaks is amazing !
a great tempe spot !
some of the most unique and delicious appetizers !
great great service too .
best beer and pub food in arizona .
i went some years back , but loved it !
they also have great coasters .
great building with plenty of outdoor seating .
and the vegetables , wow !
fun place to go with a group of friends .
the food is always great too .
nice place for day drinking on the patio !
wow was so smooth and fresh .
possibly the best beer i've ever had .
great atmosphere inside and out .
got in right away .
ordered the sampler beer and was so worth it .
the waitress was friendly and attentive .
not to mention the peach ale is beyond amazing .
they have a great selection of superb beer .
the service is always friendly and prompt .
everyone loves a craft beer .
four peaks has some good ones .
the "tap room" tenderloin sandwich was absolutely outstanding !
def a killer spot !
we had a fantastic experience at four peaks yesterday !
fun atmosphere , energetic service , and great food .
excellent microbrew menu and the bartenders give great recommendations .
totally worth the wait .
great beer , great burger , great atmosphere .
love the southwestern burger .
great place got ta try it .
a great place to watch a game !
best place in arizona !
i love it here !
the salmon blt is so yummy !
honestly have never had anything like it !
service is mostly good .
good beer and food .
price is right and has a good vibe !
this place makes it worth coming to az !
food was exceptional for a brew pub .
beer was some of the best i've tried .
definitely looking forward to going back again !
what a cool place !
great service at the bar and at our table !
the food was delicious !
the beer bread sandwiches were excellent .
this place is great .
good burgers nachos and beer .
the place is always crowded .
great for people watching .
the beer is not bad either .
four peaks is one of our all time favorites .
the fries are amazing .
the beer is decent .
but first eat the calamari .
as well as their seasonal pumpkin porter .
sunday brunch is a must .
always a must stop while in tempe .
best brewery in az hands down .
i also really like the atmosphere here .
good food and drinks .
especially love the burgers here .
i recommend the sampler if its your first time .
even the late night bar menu is fantastic .
good price , good food , and great drinks !
a really cool place to unwind .
great service , great brews , good food .
highly recommend this place .
i love this place !
friendly staff as well .
one of my all time favorite restaurants !
i love everything i get here !
i love coming here !
the staff is so friendly .
peach is my favorite !
food was excellent as well .
great atmosphere as well .
enjoyed the pumpkin seasonal ale .
the ipa was decent too .
this place is awesome !
yup , as good as it gets !
this place is absolutely amazing !
truly delicious food and some very tasty beers !
food is good with fast and friendly staff too .
good variety of beers and food .
will definitely be coming back .
we had the spinach dip to start , amazing .
love love love this place !
the beer is amazing and their food is delicious .
the perfect place to spend an afternoon .
our service was really good too .
great beers , great atmosphere , great service .
the pumpkin porter was really good .
seriously , i'm thinking about it right now .
get extra jalapeo sauce !
the beer flight and food was very good .
will definitely come back .
i love this bar !
the food is on point as well !
highly recommend four peaks !
this is packed on a friday night !
it was well worth the wait !
service is always quick & friendly .
it's definitely worth the wait !
lots of great flavors to taste .
great beer , amazing food .
excellent food and fast service .
i always have a great time here .
the servers are friendly and very efficient .
well worth it to find .
everything here is fantastic !
great atmosphere at the tempe location .
great beer , pizza , and salads !
best beers you can get in the valley .
everything was very good .
overall , i like the music atmosphere is amazing .
this is my new spot !
a great , hidden gem .
will definitely be back again !
good pub type food .
great place for a good time .
great variety of food at a very reasonable price .
it was good but not great .
good choice , perfect match .
i am enjoying the special of seafood curry .
i will definitely be back .
good food and good service .
very good beer and very good food !
i really like the food here !
great place for a weekend night with with guys .
and it's great for big groups !
best hangout spot around tempe .
the beer , food and ambience is great .
i see why it had such high reviews .
we also got the spicy garlic fries .
it was all so delicious .
love the atmosphere and the food is delish .
loved every beer on the flight !
great selection of beers !
huge outdoor patio is also available .
will be going here as often as we can !
great food and a nice atmosphere .
a bit heavy but delicious .
we everything is excellent .
their sunday brunch is also very tasty .
everything , every time is amazing .
it is worth it .
delicious food and great staff !
tender , moist , juicy , delicious .
hands down best beer in arizona !
very busy but well worth the wait !
the food was amazing .
great food , beer and atmosphere .
my favorite place whether for dinner or just beers .
the food is absolutely amazing .
great beer and amazing food !
the beers are always great here .
great service and great food !
great place to watch any kind of sporting event .
try the salmon blt , it's life changing .
fried quail sandwich was perfect .
beer is also worth a try !
the food was amazing !
the service was fast and great .
best beer in arizona .
they're all sooooo good !
the food is so delicious !
awesome food and beer .
amazing patio at night !
the oatmeal stout is perfect for winter !
the beer was good !
good food , awesome atmosphere , great staff .
the mix of food and beer is perfect here .
honestly can't say enough great things about this place !
definitely the best brewery in arizona !
what a great evening .
that being said , it was good food .
fast service , great beer and amazing food .
it's so light with just a hint of peach .
very refreshing and addicting !
they're definitely doing something right !
amazing food and beer !
they have a pretty decent happy hour .
great food , beer , and service .
definitely try it out !
bartenders are very cool and know there beer .
i love four peaks .
this place gets my definite approval !
all of their appetizers are great too .
the food has been outstanding each time we've come .
the service is great .
this place has a great atmosphere and friendly servers .
the food is fabulous !
i love the salmon blt my favorite !
good service , the bar tenders are always friendly .
keep it up guys !
i highly recommend the salmon blt .
this place is great .
everyone works together so well .
it's such a good atmosphere .
the pumpkin porter is amazing !
good beer and good food though !
great beer , great food & great service !
one of my favorite spots to eat in tempe .
absolutely love the salmon blt !
i really love four peaks so it was awesome !
these guys take their job seriously .
my family loves this place !
this place is amazing .
mike the manager took great care of us .
he made sure that our experience was perfect .
beer : great beer .
go check it out !
fish n chips are excellent as well .
it's worth the work !
simply , amazing combo !
i can see why !
every one was really nice .
the food was great .
otherwise , good , and amazing stout shake .
highly recommend going here .
try their seasonal pumpkin porter - it's delicious !
great nachos , has tours .
had the nachos and they were great .
beer is a plus !
good food , great beers .
the crowd is loud and young .
a really good one .
great fish not so much chips .
very nice lunch indeed .
i really do enjoy this place everytime i go .
the entrees we ordered were also very good .
my favorite local brewery !
a really great az experience !
they have good food and great beer .
but they had a number of good beers .
i love this place .
best place in tempe !
awesome experience all the way !
excellent service , the beer tasting was amazing .
also the salmon blt is unique and delicious .
love the food , service and atmosphere !
the food and service are all top notch .
excellent and attentive service who 's have great communication .
the beers are delicious .
their servers are very friendly .
both were very filling but delicious !
i highly recommend happy hour !
it is true what they say about the nachos .
they are quite delicious .
this is probably this best bar restaurant in arizona .
everyone is very friendly .
tvs everywhere is nice too .
i definitely recommend their beer soup .
server was very friendly .
we will definitely be back .
great beer and awesome appetizers .
the prices are decent .
i will definitely come back .
love the daily specials and atmosphere .
this place is well worth the walk .
always a great time to be had here !
this is a pretty cool brewery .
they have good food and great beer .
i frequent this place .
you will always leave here fat and happy .
my husband liked the 8th street the best .
they were both very tasty .
really fun brewery tour !
beer battered fries were excellent .
great fun on a saturday .
the meals were always hearty and delicious , too .
great food , beer & atmosphere .
great variety of food and beer .
their food is amazing too .
great service and atmosphere also .
love everything about this place .
great place to eat while waiting for your flight .
burger was very good and fries are excellent .
definitely coming back here .
this is a great place for families .
the beer here is absolutely delicious !
service was fast and food was great .
had their seasonal beer that was amazing .
awesome place to go .
the fries were also excellent !
and the peach beer was a unique treat !
the nachos are the perfect starter here .
the staff was outgoing , and attentive .
the hummus is amazing .
good fish and chips , we opted for salad .
this is the perfect beer and burger joint .
the burger was actually medium rare as ordered !
delicious beers , food and a great bloody mary .
this place has some great beers on tap .
good mix of older local crowd and asu kids .
good place to visit in tempe .
otherwise , it is perfect .
cool local brewery , they have great burgers !
great place for decent food and great beer .
four of us - all enjoyed our meals .
the fish and chips - top rated .
busy , loud and fun !
the brews are excellent .
one the best in town .
worth a stop if only for the brews .
really liked this place .
good food , good beer .
had very good lunch there today .
liked the raj ipa the best .
will definitely come back here on next trip .
large portions and the food is well prepared .
definitely would come back here again .
just go , it's worth the wait .
best beer in town .
great atmosphere with a great staff .
i'm right in between the two .
the jalapeo popper burger is also wonderful .
it's a great place for groups .
good beer , food , and service !
the staff here are inviting and very friendly !
great beer , great food , great people .
thanks for having bike racks out front !
always a favorite of mine .
great variety of beers , all tasty .
great variety on the menu , something for everyone .
fresh ingredients , generous portions , priced right .
awesome food and drinks !
never disappoints , always top place to be at .
kiltlifter is my favorite beer by them .
never oily and always delicious pieces .
definitely worth the effort !
what i did like here is the customer service .
our waiter was funny and very helpful .
it was really nice and an amazing guest experience .
best brew in az .
that 's what i call excellent service .
simply love the food and drinks .
the food is also excellent .
so this my favorite brewery in arizona !
i went to bar and knew what i wanted !
great atmosphere , fantastic food !
beer was pretty decent as well .
if you love beer you'll love four peaks !
casual atmosphere , great service , excellent food .
fantastic nachos and patio .
love their peach ale .
great place for a brew and a sandwich !
everything about this place is sooooo good !
great food , great service !
i'll definitely be back !
pretty good beer , good service .
overall a good experience .
well last night they did not disappoint .
thank you for your exemplary service last night .
awesome drinks and the food was delicious !
overall , we had a great time .
my chicken enchiladas were wonderful .
service was excellent both times i have been here .
the food was great !
the lamb burger is amazing !
the pork is melt in your mouth tender !
our server arrived quickly and did a great job .
love this place especially during football season .
great place to cheer on asu and the cardinals .
love the atmosphere and the food .
great beer and always awesome food .
great food good beer !
great vibe , fantastic food .
the couple of beers i tried were also excellent .
one of my favorite places to hang out .
the bar manager is great .
good crowd , nice people , great beer .
great atmosphere , food and beer .
favorite place in town .
awesome place to hang out with friends !
yummy food and good service !
craft beers , great food at fast food prices .
four peaks is always great !
service is good and atmosphere is fun .
i'm visiting here and was recommended to this place .
very cool brewery in a historic building .
staff is very friendly too .
please take this suggestion and add it back !
love the daily food menu !
the food is great !
fun atmosphere , fun staff .
good food good beer try the "kilt lifter" .
will definitely go again !
best bar food ever .
four peaks is my favorite restaurant in tempe .
food is great , servers are friendly .
along with nice hh apps !
got ta try it again .
you got ta try one of the daily specials .
four peaks is legit !
oh , and great beer !
we'll definitely be back for more .
parking can be a challenge but definitely worth it .
the atmosphere was nice and the food was incredible !
when in the area make this a visit !
this place is amazing !
the service , food and beers were incredible !
she kept up on everything .
great place for a good beer .
pumpkin porter is amazing when they have it .
sunday brunch is good as well .
customer service was decent for being so busy .
drink specials for happy hour were great !
we had a good time .
the food is excellent .
this place is delicious .
great food , and their crafted beer is amazing .
the southwest burger is simply amazing .
servers and bartenders are wonderful !
they were so helpful and always welcoming .
the bartender was great in explaining their different beers .
the food is great as well .
i highly recommend this place !
i dream of it !
i've had a great time here .
it has a terrific patio out front !
the tour guide was very friendly and knowledgable .
on vacation with whole family and stopped in .
staff was really friendly and attentive .
beer was excellent as well .
great beer and excellent food as well !
lot 's of fun during happy hour .
burger was excellent and tried the pumpkin beer .
awesome brunch and drink specials .
it's also perfect for an after work happy hour .
my favorite is their michelada cocktail .
i keep going back for more !
hip & trendy with drinks and good food .
service was ok , but management was excellent .
high praise for this casual brewery .
either way , this place rocks !
their pretzels go good with a flight of beer .
the pitas that it came with were perfectly soft .
great spot to watch some football !
delicious food , chill environment , and the beer !
good food , the best eats !
very clean restaurant area .
great crowd and atmosphere .
we were so happy !
one of my favorite spots in tempe .
the food is always great .
always earns a great tip .
amazing service , food , and beer of course !
my fianc and i enjoyed ourselves so much .
we will definitely be back .
awesome food and beer with hot asu ladies !
the hop knot is my favorite beer .
our food was all delicious !
great , lively atmosphere !
wonderful atmosphere , great food .
four peaks is the best .
nice selection of drinks for a brewery .
friendly staff , great atmosphere and people watching !
great food , always fun and very friendly staff .
a fun place to eat and watch sports .
beer : great beer here !
atmosphere : definitely has a college vibe to it .
i enjoy sitting outside here .
service : our waiter was great , no complaints !
the beauty of this place ?
the beer is always great !
it's in a great area for riding your bike !
food is so good .
nice big open atmosphere .
the portions are very generous as well !
we will definitely be back .
so yummy and crisp !
i love eating and drinking here .
food and service always great .
i love their enchiladas !
one of my all time favs !
the entire party had fun .
this was a great idea .
the beer bread vegetarian sandwich is outstanding .
the beer offerings were deep and excellent .
super service , great beers and killer atmosphere .
love the peach ale !
i love the atmosphere and like hanging out here .
love the exposed brick walls .
one of my favorite places in the valley .
the arizona chicken rolls are the best !
but still love this place every time regardless !
our drinks and food were absolutely amazing .
the atmosphere is warm and inviting as well .
the food here was very good .
love this place so much .
the double pumpkin was great , friendly bartenders .
great beer , great food and outstanding service .
the service is always very nice and on time .
but the staff is the best .
great food and a great atmosphere .
service was great even though they were slammed .
i recommend the buffalo wings , and nachos .
this is my favorite local breweries !
food is awesome as well !
always a good time .
i love the food and the atmosphere .
it is very lively and loud so be prepared .
great local tempe hang out .
good food , good beer , good people .
great food and even better beer selection !
i love coming here .
best burger in tempe !
also have a great selection of craft beers .
fun for a night out with friends !
always a good place to hangout with friends .
overall , good food and good atmosphere .
goes great with an 8th street ale .
always great service , great food and great beer .
we will come straight here next time !
the food is always great !
the beer is good too !
great atmosphere to meet friends for fun .
one of my favorite bars for a thursday night .
the beer is fantastic and the food is delicious !
awesome place to go for some amazing brews !
it's honestly like a second family .
their seasonal beers were great though .
food was good , staff was nice .
pretty loud in there and a lot going on .
i loved this place !
friendly staff and unique environment !
will be coming back when back in town !
this place is great .
something more matching a good gyro .
the good news is the food is awesome .
the peach something something beer was unique .
staff was super friendly and accomodating .
nachos are the best i have ever had .
good service , decent price for what you get .
i'll be back next year for more !
super delicious and huge portions .
came with a beautiful variety of fruit .
great atmosphere , top brews and tasty food .
best food in tempe !
the service was very good .
both very light and crispy .
their wings was good as well !
the vibe is cool .
this place is great !
fun environment and awesome beers !
sit on the patio for a great afternoon experience !
the best service in town !
we will definitely be back .
great food , beer , and service .
besides all the great beer , the food rocks !
this is such an awesome brewery !
great patio out front and perfect atmosphere inside .
wait staff was wonderful .
one of the best arizona breweries .
their food is just as good as their brew .
very chill atmosphere and the staff is awesome .
amazing beer and amazing food to match .
very interesting and a perfect group weekend outing !
best brewery restaurant in phoenix .
great environment and staff .
food was high quality and fairly priced .
good beer , good food , good people .
been going for years and it's always top quality .
best place for beer and food .
favorite place to go any time of the week .
high-end bar food with several vegetarian options .
love supporting the local scene !
hope it stays that way !
the service and atmosphere was great .
our sever , keegan , was amazing as well !
the enchiladas are great , believe it or not .
fun , brewery atmosphere .
the servers are good and so is the food !
i liked the fish sandwich and their fries .
it's simply the best .
the calamari is great along with everything else .
best food and beer in tempe !
our sandwiches we amazing we will be coming back .
totally a great place to check out .
the food was outstanding !
i specifically recommend the oatmeal stout beer .
the servers are beyond friendly and efficient .
make sure to try the "fantastic sauce" !
the staff is awesome .
i love this place .
the staff is awesome and the food is great .
super great happy hour prices !
i will definitely be back !
this place is amazing .
great selection of vegetarian items !
it's light and delicious .
great great sushi for a decent price .
this is our go-to place for sushi .
just about everything has a happy hr .
price and the sushi is good .
great spot for sushi once or twice a week .
great place with a cool college vibe .
amazing place , best sushi i've ever had !
just about everything has a happy hr .
price and the sushi is good .
it was inexpensive and good food !
even off happy hour they are reasonably priced !
i will return again !
i love this place .
really great sushi , really great service !
happy hour is awesome !
the quality of the fish is excellent .
this place is one of my favorites !
the heart attack roll is the best !
very affordable and fresh .
the presentation of the rolls are great .
this place has a great happy hour .
great place for groups .
they have a decent happy hour .
go here if you want some great sushi !
manager is very nice !
a great sushi place for the area !
great menu with tons of options .
good food , good service.
happy hour is the best.
they were all good , no complaints there .
we all enjoyed our time there .
awesome fun highly recommend as fun sunday .
they were right on with the recommendation .
great place to stop .
this place is awesome !
thank you guys so much !
the rolls are good , sake awesome !
had a interesting twist on sushi .
cool out going sushi chefs as well .
their happy hour prices are very hard to beat .
perfect location next to asu .
not to mention the sushi quality here is good .
the food was excellent .
service fast & efficient .
they all said it is a good restaurant !
got seated right away .
waitress was very very friendly and nice .
i will definitely come back again !
anyways , on with the review !
good sushi , recommend .
the sweet potato roll is a hidden gem .
i am a fan of this place !
the service is always awesome .
chelsea is always super nice .
it's all good just some are better than others .
great happy hour specials .
great happy hour prices and close to campus .
had a wonderful sushi boat !
it was beautiful and delicious !
great staff and the atmosphere is very comfortable !
soo much sushi we had an extra plate !
good atmosphere as it is a nice place .
the sushi chefs make great food !
one of my favorite sushi bars .
their sushi hour is incredible .
came in and sat down feeling very welcome .
great vibe all around .
my fav sushi spot !
delicious and the staff is always great !
it's affordable , and they have happy hour everyday !
and reverse happy hour as well !
the staff were all friendly , patient and attentive .
i love this place !
delicious and huge rolls !
they have pretty decent prices during happy hour .
really good sushi for a great price .
i will definitely go back .
this place has the best happy our around !
sushi is on point and well priced !
service was good and the food came out fast .
happy hour every day .
i love the food .
staff is very good .
and it's really clean .
love the servers , they are very attentive .
best sushi in town hands down .
fast service , friendly staff .
really enjoyed the sushi here .
everything tasted really fresh and delicious .
i'll definitely be back !
we always get great food and service here !
been here three times and always good .
fantastic service and laid back environment .
food was great and their happy hour is fantastic .
love the happy hour menu and drinks .
everything is always delicious and the staff is wonderful .
great variety of sushi and other entrees .
great food and new specials weekly .
all the managers are great .
love their iced green tea too .
by far our go to sushi spot !
almost forgot the service is always great !
this is a great combination in my book !
but great prices , would order from again .
love love love this place !
i love silver mine !
this alone made me happy .
and i love it !
i love that they are open till 3am !
check it out if you have n't already !
this was so incredibly professional of him .
you will thank yourself the next day .
the side salad came with fresh , yummy bread .
the sandwich was the perfect size and tasted delicious .
the portions were perfect for how hungry i was .
i love love love their dodge city .
silver mine subs delivers until 3am !
we placed our order on-line and it was seamless !
they will definitely get our business again !
my 2am delivery staple .
so , so good .
i love eating lunch here .
they load up the subs pretty well here .
it's awesome that they deliver so late !
food is good and delivery is fast !
i've never personally gone in to the shop .
the employee helped me and was so nice .
, then rolling hills is the perfect choice .
the scenery was very pretty with mountain views everywhere .
play it to master your short game .
the views of south mountain during sunset are amazing .
i must compliment the food today !
i love this park !
what a beautiful venue !
kudos to the entire cast !
folks , this place is really a treasure .
the venue was incredibly beautiful .
thank you for providing such great entertainment !
the instructors are talented and enthusiastic .
cute little shop near asu campus .
simply put , this store is lovely !
the clothing , accessories , shoes are the best !
i love this place !
love the diversity and i will be back !
this store is great !
cute little shop near asu .
they carry local artists which is great .
here is a cool little shop .
also try the refreshing ethiopian wine .
if you are adventurous , go check it out !
the food is good and reasonably priced .
the injera bread is delicious .
the atmosphere is overall a cut above lalibela .
while there , enjoy it !
this place is awesome .
i love the collard greens !
everything is just amazing .
the owners are really friendly and helpful as well .
it is the best ethiopian i have ever had .
great price for a great meal !
highly recommended for those wanting some culture and adventure .
i always enjoy eating family style with a group .
i enjoyed my experience , and would gladly return .
really great food and good prices .
the atmosphere is nice too .
the desserts are soooo good .
their falafel salad is great .
got ta love their raw chocolate treats !
great for vegetarians and non alike .
very reasonably priced and excellent service .
their food is so fresh , healthy and flavorful !
cozy , nice place .
then this is a good place to start .
they also have tea and amazing coffee .
it was really good !
it's filling , flavorful and inexpensive .
this is a place worth trying .
really cool place , don't miss out !
it is fresh and healthy .
also , the normal menu has great vegan options !
the food is delicious and the staff is friendly .
great food , great prices and great service .
friendly service , great vegan choices , flavorful food .
this is my favorite restaurant in tempe .
the food is great with many vegetarian options .
it's a great place to experience .
had a tasting menu and everything was really good .
they have a cute traditional rooms with cool chairs .
anyway , i absolutely love coming here .
their angus burger is incredible .
let me tell ya , it's so worth it !
our entrees proved to be just as good .
this is a place you have to check out .
was very impressed by this place .
the place was decent .
it has just a bit of a kick .
the seafood enchiladas were great .
the complimentary cornbread is good as well .
service was attentive and a good drink selection .
your service as fast and friendly .
your decor as very phx and southwest proud .
great food every time .
had the season grill , and was very pleased .
a lot of great flavors on that dish !
the margaritas and the shrimp tostada bites are amazing !
well worth the trip .
super service on the patio !
margaritas on the rocks with salt , delicious .
and we all got full .
great food , nice atmosphere , solid service .
great food , service , and atmosphere .
they have the best margaritas in town .
the presentation of the food is amazing as well .
best house margarita in town !
delicious food and gracious , helpful service .
our server was very nice .
the food is good and the service was great .
i tried the dumpling appetizer it was good !
great outdoor patio with attentive staff .
i have one chambord and then hit the town .
you got ta get one !
this place is awesome !
i had their veggie tacos and they were amazing !
big fan , i'll be going back soon !
the cornbread rocks it every time .
love to go back and try more food .
great place to enjoy some tasty cocktails !
good service and good atmosphere .
the chambord margarita was also a a treasure .
my cousin said his skirt steak was delicious .
four different salsas plus guacamole and excellent chips .
oh , and their tortilla soup is great .
best margaritas and cornbread !
shared the enchilada , and it was also good .
they have the best chambord margarita 's !
and the enchiladas are also good themselves .
a good place to take someone on a date !
great value , delicious food , nice casual atmosphere .
but best of all , terrific service .
keep up the great job !
it was pretty good .
it was pretty cool .
great place if you're living close on mill .
the tostadas bites are delicious as well .
the cornbread they bring out is always hot .
service is always great too .
the service was good .
service was excellent and atmosphere was great .
we sat outside and enjoyed the great weather .
our wonderful bartender , daniel , assisted us .
we enjoyed those little shrimp tostada as we tasted .
great margaritas and good atmosphere .
be careful during happy hour .
service was good and provided wonderful recommendations .
really enjoy food here .
great salads and tacos .
the cornbread was so good .
the food was pretty good as well .
our waiter was such a sweetheart .
this place is great .
they chambord margaritas is my favorite drink .
i crave this place at least once a month .
delicious , drinks and dining are always impeccable .
the margaritas are delicious .
the service has always been on point .
the food was very good .
i had the chicken burrito and it was amazing .
this joint has always been good .
their complimentary cornbread is awesome too !
i had the best time at this location !
our food was great , fast , and delicious .
the food was great and the margaritas super tasty .
definitely a repeat in the works .
food was nice and fresh , and very tasty .
she was really friendly and provided great service .
smart move because it was delicious .
all in all a good time .
the margaritas are good .
so be patient and you will enjoy the experience .
be happy to go back , even without kids .
one of my favorite restaurants .
the experience was pleasant and smooth .
the decor is very western and rustic .
decent beer selection but they're known for their margaritas .
overall a really solid experience !
spacious and easy playing music .
inside very cool and waitress prompt .
staff was amazing and food was wonderful .
the service was friendly and the atmosphere is excellent .
service and food were both great .
it was the perfect size , tons of flavor !
everyone was happy with meals and drinks .
i definitely recommend it for people visiting asu .
the food is very good .
the wait staff is top notch and professional .
superb quality and customer service !
great teamwork among the staff .
highly recommend this place .
i thought this was great customer service .
jay is the best !
best car wash in town !
the staff were all cordial and car looks great .
and they do a good job .
they gladly accommodate by using the regular hose .
the service is very cordial .
i strongly recommend them .
they've done a great job .
very well done every single time .
overall , they did a good job .
it was a good experience overall really .
plus , there 's almost always a cute server .
a couple of good beers on tap .
what is it that makes this place so delicious ?
it's just that good .
the bread is awesome , even when toasted .
i highly recommend the white widow .
i love this place .
i like the white widow the best .
i also hear the pizza sub is good .
and i love it .
you got ta check this place out !
hilarious theme and great sandwiches .
the sandwiches are good .
i love this place .
my favorite sandwich shop hands down !
real good besides that .
and it was sooo delicious !
i definitely recommend this place to everyone !
just as delicious as i remembered it being .
definitely make a visit .
everyone is very nice and it's way laid back .
wow , such an awesome place to eat at .
i love cheba hut and always will .
i loved this place .
the veggies were fresh and the meats were tasty .
love the white widow !
good stuff as always !
i absolutly love this place .
they know exactly how to make the perfect sandwich .
one of my favorite sub places for sure .
the food and meats are fresh .
fun concept that tastes great .
i absolutely love the sandwiches here .
holy shit , this place is heaven .
sandwich 's are always spot on and flavorful .
the menu makes everyone laugh when they read it .
my new tempe addiction !
so far my favorite is the wake n bake .
the staff here is also very friendly and attentive .
awesome lunch spot every day .
i love these sandwiches !
i love the spring mix lettuce they offer .
this place has fabulous sandwiches and lots of variety !
the kind is really good .
kool-aid is a great touch too .
this is a great spot .
great subs and cool atmosphere !
i freakin love this place !
lots of laughs and fun here .
a favorite go-to for a delicious sandwich .
love the friendly workers !
everyone here is great , as is the atmosphere .
best sandwiches and subs in tempe .
great atmosphere , great food .
the white widow is the best !
and the people are great here .
the place has some killer subs .
employees are super super friendly .
stir it up and try this place .
food was very delicious .
their service is great and the atmosphere is unbelievable .
welcome home , friend .
fun atmosphere and laid back people .
got ta love it .
friendliest service and best food ever !
such a badass sandwich shop !
orange widow is the best .
very nice staff as well .
they definitely have a theme !
their sandwiches are incredible .
i love their orange widow !
and the service is great .
will definitely order from the again !
this place is totally wicked .
jamaican red and white widow are the best .
excellent sandwich and salad .
pretty good and pretty cheap .
deter you from stopping in .
my favorite sandwich shop , hands down .
great job cheba hut .
great subs and snacks for anyone with the munchies .
staff is always friendly too !
the ambiance is unparalleled .
the deserts are huge and taste great .
the chicken was well cooked and tender .
the veggies were fresh .
delicious and the bread is even better .
definitely the best nachos i've ever had .
you will probably think this place is cute than .
this place is a gem in phoenix !
food is delicious , and the service was amazing .
always had a good experience at this location .
white widow is amazing !
lots of cool people work there , always friendly .
i ordered the hummus which was actually very good !
i'd definitely eat here again .
enjoyed my sandwich while getting entertained by the decor .
sierra has stellar customer service !
it's different and it's fun .
i thoroughly enjoyed myself .
i tried the white widow and it was amazing !
in saying that i still love and appreciate both .
i have tried several locations and love them all .
staff is great , the place is always clean .
got ta love this place .
thanks to the staff at baja fresh .
he lives right here in tempe .
and the food tastes awesome after a night out !
it has the " university " feel .
very delicious and worth the price .
this laundromat is really nice .
chris in the drive thru is amazing !
he was so professional and courteous !
best customer service at a mcdonald 's ever !
the bed was so comfortable !
the staff was nice and professional .
super comfy beds and quiet hotel .
granite counter bathroom with nice shower .
all around , great hotel !
this hotel was beautiful .
everyone was extremely nice .
we have stayed here many times and will continue .
always happy to return .
will definitely come here again .
they really go above and beyond for their customers !
price was reasonable and was completed ahead of schedule .
had a coffee maker and was pretty clean .
the best part was the staff !
the front desk guy cameron was great .
thankfully , this was a great experience .
good food nearby , easy to get to .
i would absolutely recommend staying here .
clean room , new carpet , sheets , mattresses .
cheapest booking on red roof 's own website .
great room for the price .
great room for a good price .
huge comfortable bed and free wifi .
clean , smells great .
friendly , professional staff .
people there were very kind and helpful .
these guys are great .
the employees are always friendly and knowledgeable .
wonderful resource for all your brewing needs !
these guys are solid .
by far the best in town .
this place is great .
the staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
great place with prices comparable to online shopping .
also try a great milkshake !
great classic burger and an old time diner feel !
very friendly , good service .
the food was excellent and will be going back .
it is sooo good !
well worth the price .
their food is organic and grown locally .
i recommend any of their salads always delicious .
lovely , lovely place .
the teachers are amazing - truly .
i had a lot of fun at this event .
you should have a great massage .
after my first visit , i was hooked !
this is an excellent school .
super friendly and helpful staff !
what great customer service .
i was very impressed with her .
the place is clean and well maintained .
student massages are really good .
book ahead though , because they are quite popular .
it is pricey , but worth it .
great place to get a haircut !
great place to get a haircut !
everyone that works there is very talented .
this place is great !
i love the girls over at grooming humans !
my color is great and i love my cut .
erika was absolutely wonderful .
she definitely has a loyal client here !
i got an amazing cut and style with erika .
great place to get a quick , quality haircut .
kelly is an amazing stylist .
i highly recommend her .
i will definitely be back .
some can do hair and a lot can't .
well worth the $ $ $ $ $ .
i will definitely be going back .
i love the haircut .
it was moderately priced , but well worth it .
had another great one with holly .
she is meticulous and takes her time .
i promise , she is a real joy !
grooming humans is a fantastic salon .
the vibe is comfortable .
nice salon , friendly staff , inconvenient parking .
i found this location on yelp .
the staff is very friendly and experienced .
also , excellent business name .
the staff is great !
i am very happy with my recent haircut .
i called and got in right away at 9am .
thanks for a great cut and color !
got a lot of compliments after the visit .
scarlett does the best hair cuts i ever had !
highly recommend to visit her !
heading back for another haircut today .
i highly recommend them to anybody .
this place is awesome .
thank you marco and ben !
great selection and better atmosphere .
great location and parking .
friendly staff and service .
place is kept clean .
the owner is extremely friendly and knowledgeable .
its well worth a drive .
our favorite comic book shop .
the staff has always been pleasant .
nice comic book store with a great selection !
best haircut i've ever had .
she is a great barber .
she did a great job .
i find barbers cut my hair best.
this is how i feel about dynamic imports .
the owner and his crew are frickin ' great .
this place is the very best !
so i recommend it .
owner was very nice and very friendly .
these guys are the best !
extremely professional and friendly .
high quality service and reasonable prices .
this is a great auto shop !
i highly recommend dynamic imports !
the owners know you and work with you .
they treat you with respect and don't overcharge you .
it's a family business and you feel it .
they really care about the cars and the people !
finally , a mechanic you can trust !
place is clean and staff is friendly .
much better than my other food city i frequent .
stayed here multiple time over the last year .
pro : great service , and great price .
the rates were good as well .
this music store rocks !
they love to be challenged !
great location , friendly and super knowledgeable staff .
the staff is still friendly .
great neighborhood music store .
these guys are the best !
extremely knowledgable , helpful , and just plain fun !
these guys are the best .
the atmosphere is comfortable .
awesome little spot in a great shopping center !
thank you so much !
their artist was great .
always pleasant to work with , timely and professional .
the product always turns out great !
this team is professional and go above and beyond .
i love this place .
great selection , knowledgable dude .
they were all different and each one was unique .
good selection of cigars here .
super nice service and good selection .
staff are knowledgeable and attentive .
cute little table outside for smoking .
these guys are phenomenal !
i highly recommend them .
the service is fast .
it's refreshing to see great customer service these days .
the awesome blossom is my favorite .
the atmosphere is great .
my cravings of food and drinks are always met .
our service was pretty good .
well they are what you come to expect .
it was a good choice .
i have always loved chili 's .
i love chili 's !
and this place has excellent service .
they have a great happy hour , too !
overall a very comfortable and relaxing experience !
everything on the menu is delicious and simple .
yeah , you can do that almost anywhere .
but chili 's invite it right away .
chili 's is a great place to chill .
it never works for me .
it was as good as i remember .
want a great sandwich ?
i love their turkey with raspberry jam .
i will keep coming back .
ok so it's a chain .
service is generally good .
and just the view from the balcony is awesome .
definitely bring your group of friends to the place !
the food and drinks here were great as well !
i love the outdoor patio !
i also had the warm apple bread pudding .
great place for lunch and a good beer !
i love the food here .
he helps us move because we can't stand smoke .
it is good for me .
i like steak and shrimp the best .
the price was good , the food was amazing !
so far they are really nice .
overall , it was a great lunch .
pretty descent food , nice atmosphere .
well that just didn't happen !
love their garlic fries .
best restaurant i've been to in a long time .
good food and service .
really good , consistent beers on tap .
definitely a beer place with food on the side .
our food was great and our server was awesome .
the food was plentiful , fresh and tasty .
the prices fair for the portion and quality .
regular hamburger is good .
their beers are pretty tasty as well .
such a fun place to go and eat .
this is absolutely wonderful !
the beer is great the food is wonderful !
great late night happy hour .
also had their strawberry soda was quite tasty .
awesome craft beers and great food .
this place has a really good happy hour !
and the drinks are good .
i also am a fan of the brownie !
food is pretty good , the beer is better .
love eating here when im in town !
the server was friendly and did a good job !
really good beers too .
the tempe location always has excellent service .
the beer was dang good .
drink selection is solid .
i love the rooftop atmosphere .
service was great too .
i love this place !
fantastic food and service !
great self brewed beer !
will always stop through here .
she was always checking on us .
great appetizers and brewery food and amazing beers here .
it is amazingly delicious .
the fish tacos were beautiful and delicious .
a great hangout for a variety of occasions !
great food , great beer , great service .
amazing view , amazing food .
the food selection is amazing .
my wife loved her three tacos .
we loved the blue crab and artichoke dip .
surprisingly everything was really good .
burgers and fries are in point !
nice selection of beer .
my buddy and i just had an amazing hefeweizen .
was smooth and had a great aftertaste .
a very generous tip was in order .
good food but service is iffy .
awesome happy hour , great food and great beer .
the server was friendly and quick .
this girl deserves a raise !
they do great work and pricing is very reasonable .
the staff is extremely nice and friendly also !
a perfect place for its location .
i loved my four years !
i loved going to asu .
decent education at a decent price !
best four years of my life .
thank you arizona state for a wonderful college experience .
i would recommend going to an asu game .
it makes your experience there so much better .
music hall is perfect !
this campus is beautiful !
such a great place to be .
the technology side was great .
if you care about your car , go here !
there is also free wi-fi which is a bonus .
he's fast and knows what he's doing .
i love my new style !
thanks cody , you're very talented .
i love this place !
they're talented , friendly , and completely affordable .
so , that 's always nice , too .
i have been very happy with him ever since .
love the place and ricky is awesome .
ricky is absolutely the best !
great place , very clean and bright .
very personable , friendly and did an excellent job !
i love my hair dresser .
they helped me with all of my questions .
talk about complementary service !
a wide variety of several hundred varieties .
the staff there is extremely helpful and friendly .
i love t 's !
they also run fantastic specials very frequently .
my favorite liquor store !
knows me by name , is really helpful .
there 's a good selection here .
i love this place .
this hotel is great .
great staff , clean room and good value .
staff was nice and rooms were clean .
it was very clean and the staff was friendly .
staff is great , management not so much .
so nice and caring for my mother .
the staff members are what make this place special .
brian and his staff are always top notch .
brian and his team are extremely friendly .
i love renting cars from this location .
excellent customer service , efficient check out and return .
clean location , great attitude .
will use enterprise again .
kudos to both bryan and natalie !
awesome experience , awesome company , awesome people !
we love this enterprise !
this location is top notch .
the food is definitely worth it !
nice deal in my book !
and the food is amazing .
fruit & cheese plate is good , too .
great for take-out as well .
besides that , i loved it .
the food is authentic and reasonably priced .
great mediterranean food and a perfect spot for lunch .
great place for the vegetarians and meat lovers alike .
but the rest i loved .
their pitas ultimately are really the way to go .
food was good with great service .
fresh , reasonable , nice staff and ambiance .
i love their hummus .
wow , where do i start .
the hummus is the best !
the pizza is great !
the wraps are to die for !
always fresh , always tasty .
hummus is the best .
i love this place .
the hummus is really good too .
the hummus and chicken is also really tasty .
jalepeno and cilantro hummus is soooooo good .
one of my favorite restaurants in phoenix .
best hummus i've ever had .
anyhow , definitely worth stopping by !
food is always good .
service , always friendly and timely served .
two thumbs , way up !
helpful staff , wonderful food .
love the breakfast here .
friday nights typically have good eye candy too !
it really is that amazing .
time appetizers and entrees appropriately please .
mmmm i love pita jungle .
the pita alone is worth the trip !
yeah , i know .
great hummus and fast service .
very professional wait staff .
the price for a glass of wine is reasonable .
by far the best greek food around !
this places is incredible .
honestly , i only come here for their hummus .
call what you want , it's damn good .
classy , organic , healthy , delicous .
best organic restaurant i have ever been to !
the ambiance is awesome inside .
the staff is always friendly and attentive .
the food is great , fresh and healthy .
all the food is great .
their hummus and tzatziki are always good starters .
please come to santa barbara .
i love eating here .
i usually always have exceptional service .
the food is always great !
and great organic hefeweizen type of beer !
man , i love pita jungle .
it's pretty damn good !
my favorite place to eat in tempe !
the food is so good .
but main courses are huge and so tasty .
good prices and of course endless refills .
the food is amazing !
everything is fresh and yummy .
i love everything about this place .
arguably some of the best food in az .
the concept , food , service are all good .
i love pita jungle !
the food is fresh and healthy ( ish ) .
the atmosphere is casual , yet professional .
the staff are patient and effective .
pita jungle is awesome .
the food here is eclectic and delicious .
it is so tiny and intimate .
service is always fantastic .
happy hour is off the chain !
the service was great .
and the food was better !
the hummus was incredible !
everything else was great too .
we'll definitely be back .
the service was great .
and the food was very good !
i recommend this place to anyone .
i am a vegetarian and i enjoyed the food .
this place is amazing .
everything was cooked perfectly .
pita jungle is one of my favorites in town !
by far the best hummus in town .
i love so many things on the menu .
great place for happy hour as well .
that turtle cheesecake is superb !
i absolutely hate that !
i love going to this place .
it is so good , and it's gigantic .
i love pita jungle !
it is delicious and mouth-watering .
simply the best there is .
the service is excellent !
regular to-go customer of this location .
great chicken shwarma pita .
what a fantastic find !
even their ketchup tastes yummy !
great for veggie friends and non veggie friends too !
not too expensive either : ) enjoy !
so good thinking about it makes my mouth water .
the food is amazing and healthy !
this is one of my favorite places !
i highly recommend the jalapeno cilantro hummus .
luckily , they're great at carryout .
their food is great !
i love this place .
the service is always really attentive and polite .
i love this place .
great menu and tons to choose from .
the pita is so fresh here as well .
the price is actually ok too !
the food had fantastic flavoring and was cooked perfectly .
definitely worth a try .
food and service are always great .
i love this place !
love everything about it .
best bargain around town .
love their salads and wraps !
always an awesome experience .
everything on the menu is incredible .
love the atmosphere , and the service as well .
every location is good .
this location is my favorite .
one off my favorite places to eat .
fresh and healthy food .
great and fast service .
great lunch or dinner option if you're in tempe .
everything is fairly healthy , flavorful , and creative .
food is excellent , every time very fresh .
i love their food .
really great food and great service .
the staff is always friendly .
i will probably order a salad next time .
the hummus was very memorable .
will be coming here often !
a great place to get your healthy food fix .
nice variety on the menu with vegan options .
their service is always very friendly too !
a very interesting dining experience .
the food was almost as good as the service !
everyone loved their food !
consistently good food and top notch service .
great atmosphere and good service .
very good hummus and green tea arnold palmer .
regardless , i'll be back and would recommend it .
found this place and fell in love .
prices are great , service is friendly and excellent .
service is very friendly too .
please open a restaurant in dallas !
great service on ordering .
hostess was pleasant , server was prompt and courteous .
nice way to top off a good experience .
it's quick and a decent price .
make sure to grab happy hour .
definitely worth the value .
i usually order extra pita with it .
great atmosphere with good people and great food .
great to have this location down the street .
the tabouli was so delicious !
cool and casual environment .
i recommend you eat here !
awesome food and super healthy .
smaller than the typical store but great service .
crave it when i'm not able to get it !
food was good , and our waitress was cool .
i had a good experience !
the cilantro hummus is a must !
delicious food , fun atmosphere , great service .
i love this place !
healthy fresh mediterranean cuisine in a funky artsy atmosphere .
i highly recommend them .
kevin was my waiter and very attentive and friendly .
great service and atmosphere .
they have great , friendly service .
fast , knowledgeable , and honest .
i had really good luck with them .
charged me a reasonable fee for service .
i highly recommend them .
always professional and reasonably priced .
thanks brian you are the best !
very helpful and honest .
i highly recommend him !
right on campus so parking sucks .
staff is so helpful !
great location great people .
they make it super fast .
little expensive but service is pretty good overall .
our ice cream was delicious though !
i will be back very soon !
the banana split was exceptional .
it was nice and clean , plenty of parking .
great service from start to finish .
great ice cream too !
love they have a true child size servings .
this place is great !
great price and the carpets look awesome !
do yourself a favor and use them !
they are worth twice what they charge !
i would highly recommend them .
great company and effective service !
i recommend them to everyone !
their service is outstanding .
what a great thing !
extremely helpful and professional .
very detailed oriented and patient .
customer service is amazing .
what a wonderful experience , thank you .
this is an awesome company .
thank you seal out scorpions .
the tortillas which they sell are outstanding as well !
i always get the hot .
it's made fresh daily and sells fast .
i absolutely love this little market !
best chorizo is right !
the family is super friendly too !
the best chorizo around both the hot and mild .
they have the best homemade chorizo hands down !
wish all service was this good .
( nice guy ! )
will definitely be going back !
and their selection and pricing is really good .
i will be back !
martin was so friendly and helpful .
great paper , even better customer service !
thanks scott we will be back !
overall , i'm pretty pleased with this place .
i love to see a concert here .
i was thrilled with the venue .
well i love it !
and the sound system is pretty good .
great place to see a small , intimate show .
the stage is easily seen from any angle .
the bartenders are always nice enough .
i thought that this was a great venue .
the security was great .
this venue books a ton of great music .
love , love , love this venue .
good venue for a show .
great shows and stiff drinks .
great place to see a concert .
overall , a quality venue .
so it's certainly passable in those regards .
they've fixed pretty much everything i had issues with .
it's much better now !
what a great place !
i love to love it .
my favorite place for a concert !
overall , a great venue .
always had a great time .
acoustics are good as well .
i love the variety of entertainment you'll find here !
all in all , go see shows here !
best place to catch live music in arizona !
nice medium sized venue .
i just love the hanging light look !
it's just a balcony with a bar .
new improvements are great .
additionally , the parking lot is pretty small .
i love the marquee .
sound quality is great !
the size is perfect .
the continental breakfast that was pretty good .
the crepe was so good .
we will definitely return .
but i have enjoyed them .
nice outdoor seating options & laid-back service .
this place is amazing .
the waitstaff is prompt , attentive and very helpful .
consistently delicious and satisfying you are .
the food is fresh & perfectly seasoned .
omg , oh so good .
this place is very good .
if you're vegetarian , this place is a must .
been there many times and loved it every time .
the veggie dishes are flavored to perfection .
i enjoyed this restaurant very much .
the food was good and tasted very "homemade" .
the atmosphere is casual and service is friendly .
i really enjoy their food .
it is flavorful and the price is great .
they have really great desserts too .
i recommend everything but the lamb .
the teas are delicious too .
it's good for you .
: ( attentive service , still .
that beats our family staple of three per meal .
small and quaint restaurant .
service was fast and efficient .
our server was very friendly and helpful .
definitely check this out .
it was always so tasty , colorful and fun !
the service was always pretty good !
the food was flavorful and plenty of it .
it was really good .
the food is consistently phenomenal here .
we just love eating here !
ethiopian is so tasty , especially at lalibela .
i could eat here every day .
my first experience with ethiopian food !
everything is so tasty .
it went very well with the light ethiopian beer .
the service was great and the atmosphere authentic .
just , really very good .
this place was wonderful .
the injera is very good too .
all of it was excellent .
service was fine , although not overly attentive .
what a great combination of flavors .
the food is good and they give generous portions .
( not a first date recommendation my friends !
interesting menu options always .
this place was excellent !
this place is pretty fantastic .
it was still quite good .
great success for my first taste of ethiopian food .
definitely recommend to try !
this place is a local treasure .
the dark ethiopian beer is an excellent accompaniment .
the food was great !
great ethiopian restaurant overall !
best ethiopian food in phoenix !
simply put , non better .
i love this place for lunch .
it's a lot of food at a good price .
wow that was good .
the chicken and beef stew was good as well .
the portions were large and the service was great .
best vegetarian options anyone can get .
love the people , the food , the ambiance .
they have fantastic teas here as well .
friendly and relaxed hospitality .
very nice server as well .
i love this place .
my family 's favorite ethiopian restaurant .
i usually order the spicy combination .
my wife loves the vegetarian combination .
very friendly staff , highly recommend .
i love , love , love eating here .
really loved this place .
the food here is great !
i went a couple months ago with a friend .
pretty solid ethiopian food .
really like this place .
this place has such amazing food .
they are really inviting and friendly .
very healthy and tasty .
very good , and i'd definitely go back .
food is consistently good .
but who knows , perhaps it's delicious .
definitely worth the unique experience .
i love this place !
what a fun dinner .
the atmosphere and experience are both wonderful .
very tasty food at a good price ?
the food is excellent .
the service and prices are also appetizing !
we will definitely go back .
but , it's delicious !
and it's vegetarian options are so tasty too !
my family enjoyed it a lot .
cafe lalibela is great !
the injera is amazing - order extra !
wonderful staff and great food .
overall , definitely recommend !
their spicy platter is to die for !
i highly recommend this restaurant !
perfect food presentation , excellent quality and variety !
the ambiance is comfortable , authentic and warm .
the aroma is heavenly !
this is my favorite restaurant .
very affordable and just really delicious food .
my husband and i love eating exotic food .
ethiopian happens to be one of our many favorites .
this place is pretty good .
they even have a decent lunch special .
service is quick and the staff is really friendly .
we loved the collard greens the best .
the beef was great too !
always fresh and tasty .
i wish them continued success !
i'll be back for more !
what a great place .
i love this place !
come check it out , yo !
first time and will definitely be returning .
all i can say is wow !
a nice family restaurant .
the food here is great !
it comes served on top of injera .
the service is great , helpful , and kind .
perfectly filling without feeling stuffed .
for my first ethiopian experience i was very impressed .
the food was delicious .
genuine ethiopian cuisine that is glorious .
so many vegetarian options !
very very tasty food .
i love this place !
i thoroughly enjoy the food and service .
and the price is very affordable !
thank you cafe lalibela , i'll be back !
delicious and fresh and the staff are so nice !
best ethiopian food ever !
so yummy and service is always consistently great .
food is fresh and delicious !
best ethiopian food ever !
so yummy and service is always consistently great .
food is fresh and delicious !
this place is fantastic .
this place is terrific !
this place didn't disappoint !
great ethiopian food in phx .
just the right amount of spiciness .
delicious ethiopian food right here in the valley .
love the food and the people !
you've come to the right place !
the food is always hearty and full of flavor .
come with an appetite and well manicured nails .
seriously the best authentic food we have ever had !
food is authentic and mango juice is the best .
such an interesting place to go eat !
this place is awesome .
yes it's worth it !
mango juice is great .
stop in enjoy some good food and great service .
one of my favorite places in tempe !
full , yet energetic !
food & entertainment , every time !
it's great for lunch , dinner or late night .
great value for your money here too !
gus 's does make decent food .
the salads are always on point !
the subs are lovely .
so they made it perfect !
fresh and delicious- best pizza in town !
this place is great .
i recommend the meatball sub !
i love this place .
the food is great and fresh tasting ingredients .
the service was good .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
will definitely be going back !
just got my pizza minus a key ingredient !
great crust and sauce .
not great , not bad .
the crust and toppings were perfect .
chips are great , as is the salsa .
very very honest and truly nice guys !
awesome paint job , awesome price .
my car looks brand new !
i can't recommend these guys highly enough !
outstanding work and service .
excellent job and excellent service .
i definitely reccomend them .
but the pho is great .
this place got me hooked to pho thai .
the owner is so personal and friendly .
but the pho has me hooked .
that said , it was good .
to me , not great , just good .
we got the combination appetizer plate .
the spring roll was amazing .
the crab was great .
( thanks , yo ! )
it was a hit .
top notch crab rangoons !
enjoyable lunch cafe style dining .
lots of shrimp though .
finally i found a good pho place around town .
just a squeeze of lime is perfect .
pretty good if a bit odd .
cool in an odd way , perhaps ?
best vietnamese in the valley .
the pho is very good .
the pho is delicious .
all the staff are really sweet .
this is a good place to take a date .
my favorite pho restaurant in the phoenix metropolitan area .
both the chicken and beef pho are excellent .
really excellent meal at a cheap price .
this place had some pretty good pho tai .
the best pho in the valley !
fantastic pho and other vietnamese dishes .
their fried rice is also quite tasty .
i'll definitely be back .
had my first visit there this afternoon .
very good broth in that pho .
service was very good .
favorite pho in the phoenix area so far .
also had the spring rolls , which were great .
i will go back for sure !
this fed myself , my man and his brother .
winner winner chicken dinner !
this place is fantastic .
these guys are friendly and excellent .
i feel welcomed and comfortable every time i go .
they remember our orders and treat us like friends .
i highly recommend it .
amazing , plain and simple .
this place is great !
the marinated beef added in is a great touch .
the pho is wonderful .
their broth is absolutely delicious .
everyone seems very friendly .
one of the best pho places in town !
the owners are very friendly and service is good .
pho and eggrolls are a must !
it's a nice hole-in-the-wall restaurant .
huge portions , reasonable price and friendly service .
definitely coming back for more !
great family owned vietnamese restaurant !
i absolutely love this place !
very unassuming little restaurant with delicious food .
the pho tai here is pho king incredible .
best in the pho king valley .
i love this place !
the ingredients are fresh .
excellent food , good service , and great prices .
it was very good .
broth was very good .
the best bun i have had .
there broth is extremely flavorful .
the rice dishes are also very good .
i will come again for sure !
delicious and to the point !
the pho was very tasty .
definitely going back sooner rather than later .
the food was very good for the price .
the service is ok .
this place is our top pick for pho .
this is the best pho i have ever had .
great pho and fast service .
decent prices for somewhere other than little saigon .
i love this place !
i love this place .
everything i have had here is amazing .
pho was soo flavorful and delicious !
the best pho place around !
tasty broth , plenty of meat & great service .
good portions , reasonable prices and great selection .
i love this place .
the best pho in the whole valley .
the best pho in the valley .
run by a family .
such great food every single time .
extremely fast and friendly !
finally , a good vietnamese place in tempe !
some of the best in az .
the shrimp spring rolls are also delicious !
they have really good quality pho .
but i will be back !
best pho in arizona !
amazing spring rolls as we'll .
one of my favorites !
the spring rolls with the peanut sauce was amazing .
and the bun pho was amazing .
salty , fatty , perfectly flavored broth .
easily the best in arizona .
amazing eggrolls and great flavor pho !
clean , fast service and sooo good !
soup for the soul !
the best broth in tempe !
open early and the best hangover cure .
i will definitely come back for lunch again !
really good pho and surprisingly good chinese food .
the family owners were very nice .
i eat here many times .
their spring rolls are phenomenal .
it is extremely full for eating one beef pro .
best pho i've had in tempe as of yet .
nice and friendly atmosphere .
always enjoy coming here .
starting with spring rolls is also a must !
plenty of food at very reasonable prices .
i of course would recommend this place .
eat here once , sometimes twice a week .
the pho is 10/10 top notch .
the pho at this place is amazing .
the flavoring on the broth is excellent .
it is the best in town !
this place is good .
i'd recommend this place to everyone !
one of the best pho i ever tasted .
try their pho its really good .
i recommend the pho and their rolls .
this is one of our favorites .
the staff is quick and quiet and always welcoming .
great prices and great pho .
this place is pretty darn good .
great service , great food .
definitely recommend stopping by for lunch or dinner .
great price amazing food and family owned .
the owner sunny is a very nice guy .
food is always great here !
our kids love the orange chicken here .
absolutely love this place !
this is authentic as you can get .
best vietnamese food in town .
the pho is incredible .
amazing food and great service !
food was great as well as the service .
very authentic pho and spring rolls .
family owned , and very friendly .
nice small restaurant with lots of options .
most authentic vietnamese restaurant .
the grilled pork rice vermicelli was fantastic !
i will definitely be a regular here .
no but really , this place is amazing !
pho is amazing , nice people .
great portions , fresh and flavorful .
friendly , efficient service and a clean environment .
i'll definitely be coming back !
all of the bbq meats were delicious .
i would come again and would recommend to others .
this is my favorite pho place in az .
try it , you'll be glad you did !
still the same great service and delicious food !
great floor manager , good service .
awesome quality pool tables .
cool spot to chill and play pool at .
lot 's of tables and good music playing .
great place for pool and off track betting .
fantastic service and the staff are so friendly !
always fast and easy in and out .
i love this guy .
brian is an honest mechanic .
i highly recommend him .
i highly , highly recommend brian at future service !
awesome service can be found here .
brian is extremely honest and fair .
i recommend this place to everyone .
keep up the good work b !
he's got a decent sense of humor , too !
excellent customer service , honest , and great work .
great , hospitable service .
this place is great !
i would definitely recommend this place .
amazing customer service and prices .
he is simply the best .
great cuts in no time at all .
great barber , skill , speed .
very cozy , extremely laid-back atmosphere .
i love the biscuits 'n gravy !
great toast , great coffee , hot waitresses .
this is the breakfast spot in tempe !
i think this will be my new breakfast spot !
i loved this diner .
a great place to catch some grub .
this place is way neat .
each one is just a little piece of heaven .
seriously the best damn huevos rancheros in the valley .
great omelettes and super service !
you have character and you are so versatile !
this bathroom experience was awesome !
great food , great bathroom , and great service .
my top pick for breakfast joints !
every time i go , the food is incredible .
the service is great !
but there 's something for everyone here .
the service is usually pretty good !
my wife loves it .
a little coffee , cool waitresses , interesting people .
a very good breakfast joint .
best breakfast in town !
wow , what a wonderful saturday morning brunch spot !
save your appetite for the authentic stuff " line .
yes , great chorizo breakfast .
this place is the definition of awesome .
they are beautiful and super friendly .
the breakfast was filling and delicious .
they have beautiful waitresses with lightning fast serving skills .
great breakfast dive with super friendly staff .
loved the eggs benedict .
best greasy spoon in town !
a wonderful way to start any weekend .
so much delicious food .
this place is amazing !
mouth watering food , with a fun crowd !
the thick cut bacon is delicious too !
every tuesday morning after pt , love this place !
large breakfast selection , sure to please everyone .
still worth it though .
this is the best place for hangover breakfasts .
the servers are friendly and fun .
the food was delicious .
it's just friendly and very warm .
the service is fast and friendly .
thats why i love this place .
great service and food lived up to the billing .
yeah , these are those pancakes .
this is a must go to place .
great hole-in-the-wall diner food with excellent service .
great place for breakfast .
food well prepared and lots of it .
service friendly and attentive .
the food is great .
the service and servers are awesome .
and the prices are right in line .
the staff is always nice .
perfect taste and perfect portion .
good breakfast and good service .
best spot in tempe to get breakfast !
will definitely be back !
this is a classic tempe institution .
great for a quick breakfast or lunch !
coffee was good and waitress was very attentive .
great service , great food.
love this little diner !
very good burger ( the duke ) .
i love this place .
the waitresses are all cute too .
amazing food and amazing people .
the atmosphere is really nice .
love the local artist work on the walls .
how i love me a greasy spoon .
their portions are generous and always delicious .
they are baked fresh and come out still steaming .
excellent example of a breakfast joint !
these were just fluffy and perfect .
totally awesome hash brown potatoes , too .
eggs bacon and french toast was wonderful .
beautiful ladies waiting to serve you .
here , they are perfection .
the green sauce is delicious .
the beans are delicious .
the tortillas are very good .
this place was pretty good .
i got the egg sandwich with ham .
the service was good as well .
long wait but well worth it !
eggs benedict was good .
sausage gravy homemade and quite tasty !
huevos rancheros was great for breakfast .
friendly service and reasonably priced .
a great little breakfast place close to asu .
all the girls are super friendly and beautiful .
the food is the best part .
also , the ham is exceptional .
quick & friendly service .
it was pretty normal & simple .
i loved the service tho .
my belly loved it .
best breakfast in tempe .
service was quick and efficient with smiles too .
really enjoyed the whole experience !
the food is consistent and i dig the location .
relax , enjoy a homey breakfast and leave satisfied .
sausage gravy was really good to !
i love this little breakfast spot !
food is always good and staff are very friendly !
great atmosphere and service too .
first off , coffee was simple but good .
service was great and the food was awesome .
the decor is also a nice touch .
what a great little cafe .
my personal favorite is the eggs benedict .
a solid breakfast joint with great service !
place is awesome , great food and service .
a nice neighborhood cafe .
this is a great place .
the best breakfast in tempe .
the coffee was also good .
staff was also very friendly .
great food , great service , and well priced .
the inside atmosphere is nice and old school .
normally very good service .
a classic diner joint .
i love this place .
their omelettes are phenomenal .
good traditional american food .
this place is a gem !
next time i'm in town i will be back !
great for breakfast anytime .
diner atmosphere with friendly service .
loved my spanish omelet .
awesome food & service .
definitely will be coming back soon !
atmosphere is cute and inviting and reasonably priced !
i love this place - unpretentious and perfect .
i think she liked it .
the food was incredible !
the chorizo was clearly of a high quality .
i was very happy .
i love this place .
always busy and always tasty !
very cute and friendly waitresses .
the potatoes were great too .
menu options , food and service all amazing .
other than that service was good !
overall it was pricey , but good .
the food and service were very good .
fast , friendly service .
absolutely love the food .
this place is the best .
lived here my whole life and have never been .
it had the perfect amount of spice .
the service was friendly and attentive .
the servers are great and the food is amazing .
the biscuits and gravy , chipped beef , etc .
are all very good .
platters of food at a good price .
my family and i really enjoyed our food .
would definitely recommend this place for breakfast/brunch .
the size of the pancakes were generous as well .
me and my love this place !
we had a great breakfast with excellent service here .
excellent service and the food was delicious .
certainly a good sign in any diner .
using our cards held up the line .
the service was pleasant and fast .
it is a bit pricey but good .
very home style and hearty .
what a nice little local spot to grab breakfast !
this was a great place for diner breakfast date .
the pancakes are huge and fluffy !
i was really impressed .
i enjoyed my first experience here .
the food was all fresh and homemade .
the muffins are delicious !
we found our people !
service is always good , along with the food .
great local spot with good food and service .
the weekend shows suck me in !
nice people , great environment .
the whole family thoroughly enjoyed this round .
a cool place for a hot city .
had a good time there and would go again !
this park is fun for anyone .
fun & exciting , challenging !
the experience was excellent and enjoyable .
great place and environment .
the water was magnificent !
that 's when it's fun !
had a blast with the family .
the kids ( and myself ) loved it .
totally recommend taking the family !
always a good time !
the water park portion is very nice .
good fun for the kids and adults .
had an awesome time !
overall it was a very pleasant experience .
we had a great experience !
it's been a good summer using season passes .
this place is very fun .
fun place to bring the family .
kids love mini golf .
so much better than wi .
i love playing mini golf here .
good deal for the money .
one of my favorite places to take my family .
we love it here .
always fun family time .
otherwise we love it .
we will definitely be back on our next vacation .
my family and i had some big fun !
this is a great place with a reasonable price .
enjoyed the water park .
plenty of life guards too .
really like this place .
a lot of fun for a cheap price .
they are very attentive , and accommodating .
this place is a lot like castle and coasters .
the course was challenging , great for kids .
great place to cool off !
this is a great walgreen 's .
thank you for providing good customer service .
a well stocked walgreens with friendly employees .
this is one of the more competent walgreens locations .
good selection of cosmetics and boots brand products also .
autumn in the pharmacy is the best worker !
ronald m. you are so modest .
totally reminded me of san diego !
thank you so much , julia !
i love this place .
the staff is always super nice .
i thought that was going above & beyond .
all the clothes are high quality and beautiful !
this store was wonderful .
i really enjoyed oregano 's .
the pizza is great .
great food and great outside dining .
we laughed all the way home .
service is always friendly .
portions were huge and the food was excellent .
the desert is amazing !
plus the atmosphere is fun as well .
salads and pizzas are both delicious .
and there service is quick and friendly .
the food here was excellent .
the wings were excellent .
they were very tasty .
it was absolutely fantastic !
never a wait and good service .
i did take-out once and it was great .
a fun atmosphere and its well decorated .
the service was friendly and fast !
definitely will go back if i ever visit again .
just a really great place to dine !
the italian food was great and freshly cooked .
prices are very reasonable .
my favorite spot when i visit tempe az .
pasta , pizza and sandwiches are great .
its got great flavor .
what a great idea !
it's fast and a great value .
oreganos is a must for anyone visiting phoenix .
fun environment , friendly service and great food .
i love oregano 's and it loves me .
it will love you too .
love the food and the service is always exceptional .
always a joy to go eat at .
not salty , fresh materials , great service .
very very good pizza !
this place is great .
i like my pepperoni pizzas cooked well done .
my side of wings was damn good as well .
it was great and we couldn't finish it .
we will definitely be going back !
i love oregano 's !
i love the light chipotle dressing !
great pizza , better pizza cookie .
i absolutely love oregano 's !
the food was excellent !
common eat spot for my work peeps .
it's just that good .
great food but watch where you sit !
the cookie is amazing to !
nice menu selections besides pizza .
the beef itself is super tender and tasty .
our favorite pizza place in town !
this is an amazing place .
it's that good and that easy to eat .
the bbq chicken pizza was amazing as always .
great atmosphere , friendly staff .
i guess that is the beauty of it all .
service is always fantastic .
flavorful & fresh food at a great price .
the outdoor patio is really nice as well .
fantastic deep dish pizza !
and a pretty decent selection of beers on tap .
what a great find !
one of the best local places .
our server , kaitlyn , was amazing !
overall , wonderful experience !
they got the best dessert ever !
best italian restaurant for the price .
the pasta here is also delicious .
this place is yum !
the pizza is great but not the best part .
amazing place to hang out with friends .
such a great atmosphere for all ages !
delicious thin crust pizza .
always have gotten great service here .
oregano 's is adorable .
phenomenal service , phenomenal food .
this is an absolute must for everyone !
one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .
the pizza is great and the salads are awesome .
great food and huge portions .
will do it again .
was very pleased to hear from the corporate office .
that 's the customer service we love !
alfredo in the dark pasta is amazing !
the food is quality and five stars .
i absolutely love the chicken caesar salad here !
i liked the seating at this location .
our server was so sweet and very helpful .
garlic cheesy bread was amazing !
cute location and great for a date night .
great food and friendly service .
it's great for any occasion .
ive been in love since the first taste !
staff is super nice and very helpful .
such a simple concept , but so delicious !
however , the wait it always worth it .
food is always great .
well i had to change my review .
very good wine selections .
fabulous atmosphere and food !
great pizza in arizona !
nice outdoor seating and a full bar .
this was the best service i've had in awhile .
an all over amazing experience for my birthday dinner .
i love going and have been many times .
they also have decent hot wings .
morgan was an amazing waitress !
friendly , kind , and caring !
the food was delicious as always !
oregano 's was the best !
good italian restaurant in the tempe area .
hostesses were amazingly hot !
always there with a refill and a smile .
toasted ravioli was excellent and so was the pizza .
it was worth the wait .
it was the best service we have ever had !
the service was great and the food was superb .
clearly a family friendly large party destination .
good pasta and sandwiches .
pleasant staff even if seemingly overwhelmed at times .
terrific chicken parm and friendly waitstaff .
the pizza cookie is one for the win !
i will definitely become a regular .
nice atmosphere , nice staff , and nice food .
their red sauce is excellent .
sullivan is a badass !
the absolute best service .
excellent italian food at a reasonable price .
pizza , pasta , sandwiches are delicious .
sullivan is the man !
again , highly recommending this place .
have sullivan take care of you !
good pizza and pasta .
when we got to the restaurant it was packed !
it also smelled amazing !
great beer selection and great food .
the food is perfect every time .
he sure knows how to make people feel welcome .
this place was delicious with a fun atmosphere .
the bread sticks that came with it were amazing !
the jalepeno dressing was delicious .
very impressed by oregano 's tempe !
thank you for such quick , exceptional customer service .
we love it here .
staff is friendly and food is good .
the pesto pasta with sausage is very delicious .
good food , great customer service .
overall i'm a fan and will return .
really great lunch menu .
the food was amazing !
servings are big , so go hungry !
it's mostly iceberg lettuce .
also has a great kid menu .
the food is amazing !
great service and atmosphere !
i love their variety of delicious salads .
service was also outstanding .
great service , cool staff , check them out !
we patronize great food , service and attention .
the food is always good but appreciate his attention .
makes it sincere in our book .
thanks mark again for today !
all around incredible dining experience .
oregano 's is consistently good !
great food and good service .
the service was excellent .
best place for either lunch or dinner .
it's the cutest little place with a great atmosphere .
the staff was phenomenal .
i will definitely be back .
would recommend this place .
perfect amount of spices and it def was filling .
the staff were great as well .
we always bring visiting family to try it out .
it is affordable , filling , and delicious .
awesome food and service .
save room for the pizza cookie !
food here is delicious but its big portions !
best patio when its not hot lol !
i really like how they have really spicy dishes .
it's exciting to try them .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
fun atmosphere with vintage jazz music .
the service is great too !
but seriously , this place is great .
favorite italian food joint .
helped me choose favorites .
it was flavorful , and does have a kick .
this is an awesome place !
they are very accommodating for the big groups .
sharing with friends is the best way to go .
this is as good as it gets .
i would strongly recommend this place .
we had the most amazing experience at this restaurant .
the pizza , crust and service were all outstanding !
definitely food network worthy !
the salads are huge and tasty .
the meatballs are so delicious .
the calamari is different but very good .
i recommend this place highly .
their pastas are really good .
sausage was the best ever .
this is my all-time favorite restaurant !
obviously they are doing something right !
the best place wings the golden bbq are amazing .
life is to short to not enjoy .
supper cute place at night !
i absolute love this place !
the best food and even better service .
he was so attentive and incredibly personable .
great inexpensive pasta dishes !
also very knowledgeable on menu and suggestions !
came here with friends as recommended .
my favorite entree is called alfredo the dark .
the service here is great too .
it's a great place for groups in general .
they've got it all !
the prices are amazing !
i love this place .
wow their donuts look amazing , yummy !
their bagel was delicious !
was excited to get a cup this morning .
i had a fine experience .
fast , friendly , and oh so easy .
tried their donuts of the month and their great .
i love their french vanilla iced coffee .
this location is fast and friendly .
of course the doughnuts are good too .
good place , definitely worth a visit .
that makes me happy on the inside !
very knowledgeable staff and good selection of books .
the new location is a piece of fine art !
great selection of books .
tasty pizza next door .
this place is the best !
go here- you'll be glad you did !
i am super impressed with the service here .
but super minor because of the service level .
i freaking love this shop !
everyone is knowledgable and fun to talk to .
i definitely plan to make this my regular stop .
best hotel for the price in tempe .
immaculate breakfast area , good deal .
pretty clean , hot shower and hot tub .
friendly and knowledgable service .
amazing place to shop for a new camper !
thanks for the outstanding customer service .
great experience buying our t & g camper .
they seem to be very honest .
i would definitely recommend them .
awesome people , family business .
always nice to come to this location .
the staff is friendly and professional .
the entire staff i encountered were professional and enjoyable .
also located right across the street .
tempe mission palms is a great hotel .
asu is right next to the hotel .
lots of great dining within walking distance .
really liked it here !
they made our stay seamless .
enjoy your stay in my hometown !
favorite hotel in phoenix .
the staff was excellent .
never really enjoyed the hotel to much .
so quiet and such a cute hotel .
mojitos were sans fresh mint , but still tasty !
this is a fantastic hotel .
very accomodating and a pleasure to deal with .
one of my favorite hotels .
well appointed rooms and perfect location .
it's a tempe landmark .
the service is good .
and , i love the airport shuttle .
free valet service was a nice perk .
sheets and pillows very comfortable and nice .
the pool is good with a bar right outside .
staff are extremely friendly and professional .
it was a perfect business trip .
lobby and staff - awesome !
conference facilities - very nice and comfortable .
tell your friends about this place and it's awesomeness !
gorgeous hotel in the heart of sun devil country .
i love the location walking distance to downtown .
great location lots of fun !
it has a nice courtyard .
great location to visit asu .
the conference rooms are decent .
i thought the hotel looked updated and clean .
the central location for me was great .
great location in tempe .
walking distance to all the popular restaurants and bars .
the pool and hot tub are excellent .
had a wonderful experience coming here for spring training !
the costumer service at this hotel is outstanding !
thank you so much for our stay !
i had the best stay here .
we had the most amazing wedding here !
okay this hotel is great .
the staff is super friendly .
they are all very accommodating and genuinely friendly .
the food at the restaurants was excellent .
very reliable and accommodating .
friendly and knowledgeable staff .
very professional , went over and above my expectations .
customer service is on point !
i appreciate it more then you will know .
had a great experience here with the gabe .
ordered everything on the app .
this company is the best .
they are the best !
definitely using them in the future !
always go above and beyond !
we have always had great service from them .
great company , great service .
great company , great people .
wolfgang 's have always been top notch !
i would recommend wolfgang 's to anyone .
always on time and excellent service .
work great on all the units .
we highly recommend them !
these guys are the best !
they did an excellent job .
were friendly and professional .
great service and fair in price .
there service techs are th best .
cody w. was very helpful and friendly .
i appreciate wolfgang taking good care of my ac .
chris b. always provides great service .
he has made recommendations and is very knowledgeable .
thanks for your service today , chris .
wolfgang 's cooling continues to impress us .
great company , great people .
i highly recommend this crew .
he was very knowledgeable and thorough .
thanks jake and mike !
he does excellent work and is very knowledgable .
mike and his staff are phenomenal !
i loved how friendly everyone is there .
love that they care about their customers .
lots of different kinds of prepared stuff .
it is clean and well maintained .
the marinated mushrooms in the grocery area are delicious .
i had chicken shawarma and the rice was delicious .
everything cooked perfectly and the chicken was very tasty .
they said it tasted great highly recommend trying .
i love this place .
packed on a friday night !
definitely a place to check out .
i really liked this place a lot .
wings are damn fine .
still the best wings !
by far the best wings i have ever had .
i def recommend this place !
had a fine time with the beer selection .
good food and good service .
love this place for it's homey feel .
mark is beyond amazing .
love the wings , love the daily beer specials .
now this is a dive !
newly remodeled dive bar !
same great food but a newer fresher look .
the happy hour prices are the best in town .
mark is the best bartender ever !
mark is hilarious one of the best bartender around .
best wings in town .
hot , extra crispy , hits the spot .
i will definitely shop here again .
i really liked this place .
this place has everything and its neatly arranged .
i highly recommend this place .
smoothies are sooooooo good .
great staff and overall atmosphere .
this place is really different and a great concept .
i love this place .
they are really helpful and informative as well .
holy health freak gods !
this place is awesome !
the guys working were really helpful and friendly .
very knowledgable and will hook you up .
great selection of supplements !
i love this place !
their product knowledge is amazing .
plus they have the best protein shakes !
this place is the best !
they make the best shakes hands down .
expensive for supplements and vitamins .
even when they're busy they treat you like family .
friendly , fast , super reasonable smoothie prices !
i will be back for sure , probably tomorrow .
great complex to live in !
really good falafel and i love their hummus .
the service is fast and friendly .
worth visiting again with your friends .
lindsay 's special vegan friendly recipe ?
definitely worth the delivery wait .
this is the best pizza in tempe !
it is just a carry out & delivery place .
the pesto pizza is amazing .
garlic , black olives & tomatoes and it's awesome !
the pizza is really fantastic .
quality food at a good price .
my favorite stop for pizza and wings by far !
keep up the good work guys !
that 's important to know !
some of the best pizza around .
it is worth the extra couple miles .
i definitely recommend them !
and the pizza is damn good too .
pretty good but needed more sauce .
theyre quick and reliable and oh so delicious .
awesome place for wings and pizza !
best wings in tempe !
i ordered the greek , and it's delicious !
this is a great no-nonsense pizza joint .
the pizza by the slice is great too .
i must say the pizza really is good .
very well done for delivery pizza .
the food was very good .
everything was great and i left full and satisfied !
it's location is tucked inside a hotel parking lot .
this is the best ihop in the valley .
the food is really good .
my favorite food is the pancakes .
this is also a very good place for kids .
memories and food , the best combo .
i definitely will be returning soon !
real authentic mexican food .
this is a really great spot in tempe .
authentic menu with lots to choose from .
the food was great .
recommend the beef head and tongue .
first time here and was very impressed .
i would recommend being adventurous and trying something new .
will definitely be coming back !
overall i'll be back because the food was great .
good prices and reminds me of home .
now that 's some good jewish education .
plus this place is more affordable as well .
great items always on sale .
best hookah place in town !
pricing is moderate , but worth it .
downside is the seating .
definitely have good prices for the quality of hookah !
the location is great , close to asu .
their food selection is good too !
i really loved the hummus and pita bread .
it was made so fresh and served so well .
definitely worth the money !
this is my favorite place for hookah in tempe .
and also they have good quality hookah .
excellent relaxed , calm atmosphere .
friendly helpful staff , and good service .
tim is the man !
came here last night & thought it was awesome !
: ) will definitely be back !
the hookah is reasonably priced and very good .
great place to chill .
one of my favorite things is the hummus .
very clean and everything you would need or want .
i love my tattoo now !
best artist in phoenix !
i love my tattoo and this shop .
he made me feel so comfortable !
great shop full of talented artists .
actually incredible price for the quality of work .
i love this place .
he is so precision oriented , simply a perfectionist .
a really great eye and you won't be disappointed .
pete is very talented at what he does .
keep this one going strong , tempe !
you can see the calendar on the website .
one of the best live music venues in az .
very nice and from what i remember , clean .
drink prices are great .
the staff is so nice !
always a plus in my book .
i had a good time here last night .
this place was packed with an eclectic crowd .
met some nice people .
a tempe staple for great live music .
great place to see a show .
great place to see a live show .
both for live local music shows .
great dive bar in tempe !
i feel very comfortable here .
that 's okay though - more generous tipping later !
great venue and the staff is awesome .
super fun and chill spot .
pretty descent all in all .
i love this restaurant !
get it as spicy as you can stand !
extensive , delicious options .
i recommend this place wholeheartedly !
its the tastiest and has the best prices .
the lunch buffet is the best too .
i absolutely love this place for indian food .
the staff is friendly and the service is fast .
everything was very good .
i was very impressed with this place .
it was absolutely delicious .
this place was my perfect fix for indian .
also , the price was very reasonable .
it thought everything was good .
the food always great !
the naan is so always soft and hot !
the lunch buffet is fantastic !
best lunch buffet ever !
i will be back here for sure !
great food and excellent service every time i'm here .
their service is really good .
the food is good also .
great selection of indian food .
excellent food , attentive service , very reasonable prices .
food was good and service was first rate .
everything has been so good .
definitely recommend this place .
this dish is fantastic !
the buffet was wonderful !
the staff is excellent , very helpful and friendly .
my wife loves their chai .
friendly people , great portions .
their lunchtime buffet is awesome and very well priced .
nice atmosphere , friendly efficient staff .
the spinach paneer was amazing .
everything was cooked well and seasoned well .
one of the best indian restaurants in the valley .
delicious dishes & savory snacks !
i love all of the simple and tasty desserts .
the food is the real draw .
my favorite is the fish masala .
give it a shot !
very good indian food with great service !
i also really liked the saag this time around .
everything was really flavorful .
i love this place !
they have a decent selection for their lunch buffet .
great naan and tandoori chicken .
their tiki masala and goat were pretty good .
had a great new years eve dinner here !
i especially recommend the okra dish - great flavors !
excellent and authentic indian food !
veggie curry has lots of flavor .
outstanding food and service at a very reasonable price .
the food is amazing !
so worth it though !
i was pleasantly surprised .
dinner items are great .
most of all , has a great staff .
best indian food in phoenix , hands down .
the service and food are both excellent .
it's simply the best so far !
the good are their naan bread is amazing !
it was very similar and delicious .
this place is absolutely amazing .
we absolutely love the food here .
this place is truly incredible .
keep up the great work !
fantastic food and great service .
the food here is so good .
i dream of the tikka masala .
went there for the buffet and it was wonderful .
this is my favorite restaurant .
the best indian food on this side of town !
perfect paneer tikka masala and rich and spicy vindaloo .
lunch buffet is just perfect .
i would recommend this place .
really great great great food .
we will definitely come back .
i liked that chai tea was included .
great prices , huge selection .
my son had the chicken strips and loved it .
this place really hits the spot at midnight .
have been in this location many times .
great service and food is at whataburger levels .
the staff here are almost always friendly .
it is a fast foods place .
but their lemon pie is my favorite one .
quick , friendly service otherwise .
had a great experience today .
my heart is definitely here !
this place is the absolute best !
i'm very picky , and everything was excellent .
this place is really cool .
it's a great place to work on your game .
slowly becoming my home course since moving to tempe !
having this course to yourself is a treat !
they did such an awesome job .
includes range balls and a cart .
this course is pristine and gorgeous .
i love the layout of the course .
pete dye did an amazing job creating this gem .
the restaurant is top notch as well .
this is a beautiful and challenging course .
the staff is very friendly and professional .
great course in great shape .
good food in the clubhouse and friendly flexible staff .
the driving range is great .
clean and reasonably priced .
loved the outdoor seating .
big thumbs us on this one .
played in wilson 's group today and agree .
the staff was extremely nice and helpful .
this place is awesome .
its a great place to go for fun .
went with friends and had a great time .
will definitely be going back !
it was a wonderful time !
we all had a wonderful time !
still plenty of open spots to climb though .
anyhow , cool gym .
but a very good time and an amazing workout .
see you on the walls .
had such a great time here !
this is a great place to go rock climbing .
this place is pretty fun !
this gym is awesome .
i had a great first time experience here tonight !
a ton of fun for old and young .
you will get a serious workout .
i really enjoy rock climbing here .
fun creative way to get a great workout .
this place had so many cool walls .
i love this place .
even still it's a guaranteed good time .
amazing place with amazing staff .
our family loved experiencing the different levels of walls .
this bonds a family quicker than any conversation can .
good prices and staff is very knowledgable .
friendly and knowledgable staff .
phoenix rock gym is wonderful !
and the staff is fantastic !
we certainly will be back !
challenging for all levels and lots of fun .
cool gym , but super packed with people !
highly recommended this school .
that is worth a trip .
they are authentic and delicious .
the buffet is good and reasonably priced .
so we grabbed a couple of beers .
the food was deliciously prepared .
i love this place .
i appreciate great , high quality , authentic food .
i give 5/5 because it is pure quality .
my absolute favorite place for indian food !
family owned , always friendly and always accommodating .
i'm craving it right now !
the service was good !
i will seriously recommend this place to everyone .
this is a wonderful place .
you will love this place .
authentic and really good .
a little quirky but lovely .
this restaurant is very vegan friendly .
i will eat here again .
otherwise would definitely recommend .
the naan was delicious .
family owned , authentic and delicious .
will definitely be back .
the buffet is so good .
will definitely be going back .
this family-owned gem is fantastic !
everything was delicious , especially the lamb korma .
nice place and really nice owners !
i love spicy food and they did not disappoint .
food was very spicy and tasty .
this is just the kind of restaurant i love .
the buffet is absolutely amazing .
love love this place !
wonderful , friendly service and excellent buffet !
authentic and homemade , food is great !
and , best naan bread .
even my picky eater found things she enjoyed .
the best naan you will encounter in the valley .
this place is super close to asu campus .
it has a good variety of options .
owner is friendly and humble .
this place is surprisingly good !
i recommend you try a little of everything .
restaurant is simple yet it works .
outstanding then , outstanding now .
great place to experience various indian dishes .
the owners are also lovely people .
all around great experience .
seriously , really good food !
really love this place .
definitely my new comfort food .
family friendly and they have great beers !
i will definitely be going back again .
the owners and staff are always very friendly .
we always have a great experience .
it's simple and the owners are very nice .
found this indian food restaurant a while ago .
great authentic food with excellent service .
we loved the amount of choices on the buffet .
i highly recommend this place !
amazing food from an amazing family owned restaurant .
always fresh and delicious .
very thankful for this incredible place !
best indian food in town .
this place is a true tempe treasure .
i love this place so much .
they also bring out wonderful naan to your table .
delicious dinner buffet with a lot of selection .
really impressed with the selection on this indian buffet .
delicious , authentic food with great portions !
friendly service and full bar !
great food for a reasonable price .
i will most definitely come back again and again .
delicious and plentiful buffet , especially the vegetarian dishes .
we always appreciate the great service .
best indian buffet out there !
this is our favorite place !
always hot and fresh .
best indian food i have ever had .
we love to eat here .
walked in and was treated to great service .
all around amazing restaurant , i'll be back often .
super price and flavor , all in one !
my favorite indian , bar none .
price and overall quality of the food is fantastic .
the buffet is always fully stocked and fresh .
the restaurant is clean with excellent staff .
the family that runs this place is so nice !
it's not fancy , but it certainly is good .
great buffet on a budget !
an amazing and must visit place for a foodie .
one best authentic indian food in tempe .
the samosa is the winner .
this place is a hidden gem .
i will absolutely be returning .
do yourself a favor and eat here .
your mouth and stomach will thank you .
this place is seriously a hidden gem in tempe .
great place for lunch and indian buffet .
will be going back for sure .
really good food and desserts .
never experienced such a good hospitality in bay area .
amazing must try buffet !
totally worth the money .
had the lunch buffet .
great selection , great quality , wonderful service .
will definitely come here again .
we love this place !
for a buffet this place was so good .
then this place is all right !
i'd eat here all the time .
great service and open until 11pm !
this place is awesome !
great selections of different authentic food and friendly staff .
i love supporting family owned business like this !
it always fun and something different to do .
i think it's worth it for all the laughs !
they have a really great appetizer selection .
it's the comics ' favorite place to perform !
this is a world class comedy club .
man , i love this place !
will definitely be back again .
all the others were hilarious .
i love the improv !
always a good laugh .
always a good time here .
like i said always a good time !
good times at the improv .
great for dinner and laughs all in one .
i've been here three times and enjoyed every visit !
this club is what you make it .
good waitress 's and waiters and good food !
i have n't laughed that hard in a while .
i'm a fan of comedy clubs , generally .
always have a blast at the improv .
this place is awesome !
so i stand corrected .
the place has good lighting and is clean .
i would recommend it .
food is killer good buddy !
got super drunk , and ate some food .
great facility and our service was fine .
mixed drinks were pretty good !
absolutely love this place .
will definitely be back !
what a fun night at the improv .
enjoy his two sons .
food was extremely good .
needed a good laugh .
what a fun place !
they have good food and great priced drinks .
definitely going to come back .
i had a great time here with family .
live comedy is the best !
we will definitely be back !
what an amazing guy !
i'll definitely come back !
love the comics and large seating area .
he was super funny and we enjoyed the experience .
the opening and closing acts were also funny .
service was fast and friendly .
overall i had a great time though .
but staff is real good .
the place itself is cool .
they bring in so much great talent !
we are definitely coming here again .
fries and chicken tenders are good though .
anthony is high n tight !
super packed but service was still awesome !
perfect spot for a bday party !
our server was jacob ( surprisingly great hair ) .
we always enjoy the tempe improv .
treat yourself you're worth it .
laughter is good for the soul .
the boyfriend and i had a blast !
drinks were delicious , not to mention the food !
service was also great .
the taste quality of the food was on point !
good food , good drinks .
the food was amazing .
but the ticket price is decent .
i love how they have remodeled the entire place .
both were hilarious comedians .
funny guy on stage two drink minimum .
the chicken quesadilla is amazing by the way !
such a great time .
but every seat had a great view .
apps and drinks were great .
friendly , professional and no pressure .
there is seating outside and inside is always clean .
it's totally worth it .
can this place make a sandwich or what !
some of the best sandwiches west of the mississippi !
the vibe is very college and laid back .
dilly 's deli is a great lunch time spot .
so , go with the more adventurous sandwiches .
a huge fan of dilly 's deli !
the sandwiches and wraps are still great !
i'm a big fan of the bbq ranch flavor .
the cookies are very tasty !
always a delicious meal !
love love love this place .
it's the perfect little soup and sandwich spot .
one of three great dilly 's locations locally .
the dilly bird sandwich is awesome .
they offer a good selection of sandwiches and breads .
huge sandwiches and awesome bread bowls .
delicious sandwiches and soups .
great place in phoenix for a good deli sandwich .
i love this sandwich shop .
my favorite sandwich place in tempe !
the dilly club & chicken noodle soup are amazing !
it was a great sandwich .
all the food tasted great !
bring some patience because it's worth the wait !
definitely recommend giving them a try .
the pickle had incredible flavor .
they were fast , friendly , and delicious !
the reuben i got was so good !
we also bought some bread home .
great wraps and sandwiches .
some very good vegetarian options too .
very pleased with everything .
this place is fresh , delish and quick .
fresh and filed with a soup of your choice .
this place definitely changed my mind !
great lunch stop in tempe .
service is quick , .
stop here , it's nice .
friendly staff and it's very clean .
i will be definitely coming back here .
fresh ingredients and good sandwiches .
the bread here is amazing !
everything is always fresh .
portions are good sizes too !
everything was delicious and we would definitely go back .
this is my favorite soup place .
i love the potato soup .
this place is one of my favorites .
the staff is always friendly and fast .
they also deliver and do catering .
super great deli with tasty sandwiches and soups .
this is a great place to eat !
always fresh bread , soups and cookies .
i highly recommend it !
awesome sandwiches and great service .
get food and great atmosphere !
their clam chowder is another must .
this place is amazing !
oh they are both so good ! )
service has been much better !
it's just good , solid food .
truly the best place in town for a sandwich .
go , eat and enjoy .
my husband and i love dilly 's deli !
definitely my favorite deli in tempe !
the service was excellent .
i really enjoyed myself here .
it's a great place to watch any game .
the food is ok but the drinks are strong .
all the bartenders are great .
check it out , its better that hooters !
not great but definitely not horrible .
there food is great .
also , the food it super yummy !
rula bula is a really fun place .
our server was extremely friendly as well .
service was attentive , and the prices are fair .
yeah , i know - i'm old .
best irish pub in tempe .
rula bula was really really fun .
ice tea is great too .
my favorite bar in tempe .
great food , great service , great location .
i loved the beer garden here !
great place , and great times .
this is a mill avenue classic !
this is my favorite bar .
rula bula is a great spot .
the staff is very friendly .
ahh yes your traditional irish pub !
however , it's affordable and just good home-style food .
great outdoor seating , good service .
hands down the best bar in tempe .
it was fun , low key , laid back .
the best guinness in town .
then hit it up later as a bar .
the food is fantastic !
awesome staff and selections !
came here after work on saturday for happy hour .
happy hour goes until seven !
love the atmosphere of a pub !
the fish & chips are good .
rula bula is probably my favorite spot in tempe .
happy hours are usually pretty solid as well .
the food is substantial and delicious .
overall , great place to head with friends !
excellent food and service !
we had cobb salad and corned beef and cabbage .
like , a lot a lot .
best mac and cheese !
very cool place to hang out .
the food is good , drinks are plenty !
the atmosphere is nice .
friendly service and great atmosphere !
best irish bar in town .
the bartenders are always helpful , fun and attentive .
the best overall : april .
she works inside 5-6 nights a week .
their food is fantastic .
also , great fish fry .
also , great patio atmosphere !
food was fresh and tasty .
i really like this place a lot .
i really enjoy the patio out back .
food was very delicious !
this place was excellent !
the place has a fun atmosphere to it .
hands down , my favorite bar in tempe .
the waitresses are always great there as well .
i can't recommend rula enough !
very chill place , absolutely love it .
i've always had fun at rula bula .
but oh , so worth it !
one of the best guinness pours in town .
great atmosphere , misters on their back patio .
they have deals on drinks often which is great !
the food was really good .
i loved the appetizer sampler that i ordered .
so yeah , i'll be back .
very friendly and efficient staff .
this restaurant is awesome .
the service is meh .
but the key is that they do it right .
they do have the best black & tans .
food was fantastic as usual !
live music on weekends and delicious food .
i absolutely love this place !
keep up the great work !
i love this place .
great atmosphere great food and friendly staff .
this is my favorite place on mill .
great atmosphere and great service .
the service was also really good !
the food is good and the prices are average .
excellent appetizers and sandwiches .
reasonable prices and generous portions .
i like irish pubs and this place delivers .
i got the wings both times .
the beer selection is excellent .
the guinness blends are great .
staff was very friendly and attentive .
i loved this bar when i went to asu .
the service is excellent and food well .
all good in all ways .
favorite restaurant/bar on mill by far .
and so is their irish ( french ) dip .
the service was excellent and the food very good .
great atmosphere and of course great beer .
my favorite pub in the city .
the fish and chips are great .
i really liked this place .
the food was good and the service was great .
it was so good .
irish sangria is amazing !
this place was delicious .
i was quite surprised .
one of my favorite bars on mill !
i also like that it's pretty casual .
got ta go here if in town .
this is my favorite place on mill !
their food is amazing !
rula bula i love you !
this place is great .
knowing this made the experience more enjoyable .
rula bula is my favorite bar in tempe .
fish and chips are also great !
very close to the irish experience .
food was authentic and very good .
one the best i've had .
worth the stop when in the tempe area .
i've always loved rula bula .
it's a great , laid-back atmosphere .
i love everything about this place .
this is my favorite bar in tempe .
the food and beer are always so tasty .
we'll definitely be back again !
good afternoon buzz with my girl .
will definitely go here again !
the oysters taste amazingly fresh .
and the fish and chips are definitely fresh .
good drinks , good service , good food .
a must to go !
we love the food and the atmosphere .
i've always loved the food and drinks .
delighted to have found another 5-star restaurant in tempe .
fish and chips and mac n cheese were outstanding .
excellent friendly and attentive service .
the food was good as usual .
you'll thank me later .
the food is also good too .
the servers and bartenders are friendly too .
one my favorite places to eat on mill .
well rula bula did just that !
will definitely be back .
the salad is now one of my favorites !
i love this place .
they always have fast service and delicious food .
i enjoy this place immensely .
greatest draft beer selection on the mill avenue .
the place has a great vibe .
next time i'm adding bacon !
i highly recommend this place .
i would highly recommend this place .
great night tonight at an old favorite !
perfect service , thank you ryan !
i just love this place .
i love this spot .
great food , great service and welcoming atmosphere .
most authentic irish restaurant in arizona !
amazing lamb stew and fish and chips !
great atmosphere and food .
the people are friendly the ice is good .
all around good experience .
great cars , warm customer service .
the car was outstanding !
i had an amazing weekend driving it around .
very well run business .
thank you so much for all that you've done .
the attention it brought and the excitement was great .
what a fantastic experience .
the car was pristine and had all the options .
thanks for the service rick !
i would recommend them to anyone .
the rest of the trip went very well .
it was an experience i'll always remember .
jerry is the man !
i was really impressed with this place .
they came with a sauce that i enjoyed .
best fries probably ever .
the best in the metropolitan area .
the best selection and by far the best atmosphere .
green likes to fry .
the curry pasta salad is a good side option .
the tofu is fantastic .
eat some good food .
good iced tea and decent iced chai , too .
the atmosphere is wonderful and the food even better .
so it is special treat to go there .
creative menu , yummy and affordable vegetarian food !
the food was amazingly delicious and cheap !
our food came out tasty too .
very friendly people making and serving great dishes .
they are all very tasty !
i'm pretty sure it would be a hit !
the drinks are good too .
great service , great selection , great prices .
we also got their ice cream .
thumbs up from me !
green is , by far , the most brilliant .
this place is a regular pit stop for me !
almost anything you get here is good .
oh and they have good vegan icecream !
i recommend the secret bbq chicken sandwich .
the garden burger was great .
i really really love green 's menu .
their iced tea is also really good not surprisingly .
this place is great !
i loved this veggie place .
i totally recommend this place !
best vegan comfort food imaginable !
very cool place to hang out and eat .
green has stepped it up .
went today for lunch and the food was delicious .
my vegan wife loves this place .
the food was delicious .
the bbq chicken sand which is amazing too .
i love this place !
clearly , we all have fantastic taste !
best vegetarian cuisine in phoenix , easily .
this vegan restaurant is simply amazing .
and it is delicious !
excellent food and atmosphere .
very nice to have on a hot day .
i love , love , love greens !
this place is awesome .
this is one of my new favorites .
for a first timer it was delicious !
well , worth the drive .
the food is amazing .
even better they could open one in boston !
it's extraordinarily messy , but even more delicious .
green is absolutely delicious .
i liked the po boy it was quite spicy .
the fries were really tasty too .
oh my their desserts are awesome !
this place is great !
the lime aid is awesome too !
actually everything i've tried here i've liked .
you must eat here !
i was totally impressed .
it works with this place .
perfect for dinner , however .
peanut thai bowl - very good !
oatmeal cream pie - very good !
so good you must go !
i love this place .
unapologetic vegan comfort food .
everyone who works there is incredibly friendly as well .
keep up the good work .
its delicious , flavorful and healthy .
the food here is just fantastic .
mango is my favorite .
really good food , super casual and really friendly .
i totally loved the lunch i had there .
this place is great for mock meat lovers !
everything is delicious and there are many choices .
non vegetarians i have invited are surprised and satisfied .
cute , casual cafe .
interesting car parts on the wall .
for an appetizer , chili fries are tasty too !
nice change off pace for great food !
enjoy , hope to see ya there .
this is such a delicious place .
i definitely recommend you try it .
but it's worth it on occasion .
good for people watching .
totally vegan with very tasty meat alternatives .
i love going to green .
always tasty and delicious .
i'll be coming back a lot !
a dream come true !
happy , happy , happy !
and the staff is super sweet !
this is the best vegan restaurant in phx .
i highly recommend it !
a perfect way to end a fabulous meal .
everything smelled great and the service was wonderful .
i will be back with the vegetarian children !
my mom is kind of a dick .
well , there 's a good chance you are .
yummy , fun food .
vegan food is so interesting .
the fries are so crunchy and delicious !
why wasn't green open when i lived there ?
service was friendly , helpful , and fast .
green is a lovely little gem .
the " drunken mushroom chicken bowl " is amazing .
this should be a national landmark for vegans !
what a great spot !
best vegetarian food in all of arizona .
this is worth multiple visits .
this place is an absolute gem !
simple , well prepared food .
the asian noodles are delicious .
staff and patrons are friendly and helpful .
comfortable , easy environment .
the staff is friendly and helpful .
yep , this place is pretty damn amazing .
definitely would recommend it to anyone to try .
delicious and great prices .
their specialty ice-cream is great too .
everything i have tired is amazing .
many mock meat alternatives which are quite tasty .
i love the place .
but everything else rocks .
the food is fantastic .
this is a great place !
the flavor was excellent and i really enjoyed it .
i will definately be back to green !
i loved the thai peanut salad with mock chicken .
it is delicious and satisfying !
wish this place was closer to where we live !
and so many different ways you can make it .
i crave this place all the time .
it's worth the trip !
the staff is great .
the owner is great .
the green restaurant is good .
great menu and nice atmosphere .
you have got to have the hummus !
everything about green is perfectly marvelous .
the french fries are delicious , as well .
everything here is very good .
most of the time the food is good .
gosh , green is just the best .
good food is good food .
i think green just has an absolutely phenomenal chef .
as good as it gets .
i wish i could eat here every day !
this place is amazing .
the " diablo dish " is really really nice .
it is one of my favorite restaurants .
the food is soooo delish !
the ice cream is great !
their vegan ice cream is amazing !
it was tasty , filling and visually appetizing .
this is our favorite vegetarian place in phx .
i'm impressed with green .
it definitely has the " green " theme going .
once again , love green !
the kung pao tofu bowl was amazing .
i absolutely love this place .
this place has amazing food !
their sweet limeade was super good .
both meals were delicious , filling and satisfying .
the only word i can think of is outstanding !
try it , you will like it !
eat here , you'll understand .
delicious fries and soy blizzard type dessert .
i hate it when she is right .
amazing , amazing , amazing .
the food was surprisingly good .
cookie dough in it was amazing .
oh wow , love this place !
good place , my veggie friends love it .
really good , high quality food .
amazing food for the vegan or vegetarian .
pretty much everything on the menu is top notch .
great vegan food and desserts .
excellent flavors , fresh drinks and desserts !
keep up the good food and service !
green is my absolute favorite restaurant of all time .
the employees are super friendly , and always welcoming .
he has loved every single thing he has tried !
definitely one of my favorite restaurants .
also the sweet potato puffs are like candy .
the burgers were great and the fries were delicious !
thank goodness for green !
everyone i take there loves this place .
the service is always super quick and friendly .
the buffalo chicken wings are tremendous .
seriously though , that sauce was amazing .
i'll definitely be returning to green !
their food was amazing !
great place for good food .
the soft serve is amazing !
it was very good , staff is wonderful .
everything i've had is great .
right now , i'm obsessed with the big wac .
this place is delicious !
staff was equally as great !
i'll be back and bringing friends .
one of my favorite restaurants ever .
great food and atmosphere .
big wac tastes just like a big mac !
we also got the spicy edamame .
it was good , for being vegan .
i honestly end up at green every few weeks .
i love the atmosphere , service and food .
go give it a shot .
so love this place !
amazing food and cool atmosphere !
everything taste sooooo good .
i highly recommend it !
the artichoke chicken salad is great !
as a vegetarian , this place is amazing .
i'm loving this place .
everything is great and the staff is welcoming .
it's a great place .
if they are offering a special , get it .
the specials are always amazing .
i will definitely go back .
definitely on the expensive side though !
health conscious good food .
i love this place !
love at first bite .
great drink selection , nice dcor .
what a gem of a find in the valley .
really scored when we found green .
best buffalo " chicken " wings ever .
i'd definitely go back !
this is my favorite restaurant in phoenix hands down !
get the red diablo , it's perfection !
staff is friendly and prices are good .
everything i've tried has been outstanding .
the prices are extremely reasonable too .
i highly recommend it !
i love this restaurant .
hands down best vegan place i've ever been too !
the drinks were really good too .
quality of food is great !
the food is delicious and freshly made .
the people are friendly and the food is amazing !
green is a fantastic restaurant .
their dishes are unique and very good .
that was also delightful .
so i headed over in a cab .
so it was well worth the trip .
the food was tasty and fresh !
we will definitely be back !
it's always packed and always good !
green has great food and service .
the atmosphere is also great .
we will definitely come back very soon !
loved the food , service and drinks !
had a great veggie and noodle bowl !
i keep coming back time and time again !
for what it is i love this place .
i really love this place .
one of my favorites !
i love every item on the menu .
the atmosphere is relaxed and the staff courteous .
its really really nice overall .
every time it is amazing .
the puffs were good and the bowls as well .
but overall , green delivered a tasty meal .
tasty and healthy thai vegetarian bowl .
you'll thank me later .
easily one of my favorite restaurants .
this is my absolute favorite restaurant .
literally everything is good here .
my favorite place to eat in arizona .
green is pretty amazing .
but their food is worth it !
this place has my soul !
i absolutely am in love with this restaurant !
the menu includes a variety of choices .
i love this place .
the food was great .
the spicy buffalo " wings " bites are awesome .
highly recommend and not too expensive !
this place is really great !
the food here is amazing .
i recommend practically everything on the menu .
staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
this place is awesome !
my favorite are the take on hot wings .
so flavorful and addicting !
the soft serve ice cream is delicious !
i love this place !
treat yourself to an almond milkshake for dessert .
this place is consistently amazing !
really cool and fun experience !
the wings are awesome and i love their teas .
i had the small size and it was perfect .
i will certainly get this again and soon !
they are in love !
everything we had was amazing .
i do like their bowls .
nice , casual ambience .
i love the food at green .
this place is amazing .
great tasting food , and awesome concept .
employees have always been nice , friendly and helpful .
definitely making more returns and recommending to others .
the other location off of 7th is open though .
this is definitely vegan comfort food .
it satisfies that fast food craving .
both were seasoned perfect with great flavor 's .
green is amaze balls !
the food is plenty to rave about .
the sweet potato tots , i recommend it .
everything here is vegan and delicious .
cole slaw and fries are both delicious too .
also , their mac & cheese is amazing !
sandwich and it was crunchy and so good .
yes and yes , so good !
delicious , delicious , delicious .
great food and service every time .
amazing food and great service .
everything i have tried so far has been good .
it needs a boost !
and the fries are always good .
wow this place is amazing !
i am so impressed !
i love this place !
thank you , thank you for good health food !
this place is amazing !
even the mock chicken tasted delicious .
this place is great !
this place has great food .
awesome buffalo chicken wings and great salads .
very friendly happy staff .
outstanding find here on yelp .
this place is positively fantastic .
i especially love their black jack pita !
see you next time green !
i tasted their big mac and i like it .
in love with the big wac .
this place was packed .
just the right level of heat .
however this restaurant is the best in the valley .
all amazing i can't say enough about this place .
portions filling and healthy and very tasty !
this place is awesome !
the craft beers are solid !
definitely check it out !
this is one of my favorite restaurants !
they also have yummy soy ice cream !
my guests love their big mac .
you're good with anything you order here .
good variety on the menu & is was good .
came here my parents and we all enjoyed it .
i really like this place !
i love this place .
unique menu and it is all tasty .
the big wac burger is so tasty .
had the big wac and it was excellent .
my entire family loves green and we visit often .
also the employees are super friendly .
are so so so good !
that atmosphere was great & the people were friendly .
i would definitely eat here often !
such a cute spot with delicious vegetarian food !
the staff at green are so much fun .
they have delicious food and desserts are incredible .
it is worth the drive .
awesome vegan comfort food .
best vegan mac & cheese .
the drunken mongolian with mock chicken is delicious .
omg the food was soooo good !
best vegetarian burger and wings i have ever had !
the fries are delicious , too .
the staff has always been friendly .
the spicy wings are where it's at !
this place is amazing !
both were pretty good .
fries were crisp and the fruit was fresh .
found this gem while visiting family in fountain hills .
so worth the drive !
all in all , a fantastic place .
best vegan meal i have found !
i love the house made tofu .
great place for vegetables !
good amount of seating .
i love this place !
the food is fresh and fast .
this is one of my favorite spots to eat !
their " buffalo wings " are my favorite !
other than that , great place and great food !
as always friendly staff and great food .
nice az winter day .
the food is good .
oh my , so good !
their big wac is amazing .
everything was so darn good .
had the blonde alfredo full of perfect veggies .
will definitely do this again and i'm not vegan !
their sandwiches and appetizers are amazing .
the ice cream was spectacular .
i love the taste of vanilla soy milk .
i will definitely come back to try more .
i absolutely love this place !
really , really good !
this place is a hidden gem .
i'm definitely going back soon !
pretty good vegetarian food .
the dishes were pretty darn savory and tasty .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
they have such a wide variety to choose from .
it was amazing , i will definitely be back .
best veggie burger hands down !
the dish is fantastic , as expected .
omg i love this place .
also loved the ginger beer !
i'm definitely making another trip .
highly recommend this place !
the best vegetarian place in town .
loved this and its sister restaurant in phoenix .
great options , tastes , and textures .
the big wac burger is incredible .
the decor and staff also add to the experience .
trendy , hip , but completely vegan .
every time it's stellar food .
such a great place to eat .
big wac all the way !
the buffalo wings are also one of our favorites !
they appreciate your business and want you to return .
she was very nice to us .
all in all jim 's was a solid experience .
i will be back !
awesome waitress took our to go order .
they were both good .
the service was both friendly and fast .
our server was very nice , and very attentive .
breakfast was good , and reasonably priced .
the service is very friendly and fast .
the food is awesome .
super friendly , reasonably priced and great tasting food .
this is the best little cafe .
nothing fancy , just good food .
i really enjoyed the older ambience at this place .
surprisingly good as well !
the service is fast and friendly .
hot , cooked to order and very good .
prices are very reasonable .
this place is great !
everything i have had here is delicious .
fast and friendly service .
just a nice basic ol school cafe .
the staff is efficient and friendly .
they always take care of us in there .
i went in today for lunch .
good for a burger or breakfast .
yummy , reasonably priced , friendly breakfast !
got our vegetarian omelet and french toast to-go .
my family and i enjoy going to this place .
really simple type of place with good food .
overall a great little diner .
i love this place .
food quality is good and always consistent .
these guys are top notch .
their prices are reasonable and the folks are friendly .
sides good as well .
our bartender was amazing !
give it a shot and you wont regret it .
i'm a fan for sure .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
to good ( e.g .
it's good , just not very remarkable .
it's as good as scottsdale gets .
good sports bar atmosphere .
cozy and attentive service .
reasonably priced and good bar food .
our server was absolutely perfect .
the food was perfect .
great atmosphere , well priced , and good food .
i never knew bar food could taste this good !
the service was fantastic .
best place to watch a game !
good food and great beer selection !
definitely would recommend to friends !
has a really neat atmosphere on the patio .
our server was awesome !
very attentive and friendly .
pretty good for bar food though !
the service was impeccable and the atmosphere was fun .
the cheese steak is actually pretty good .
price is reasonable and the service is good .
nice healthy portion at a decent price .
good service , check !
chill patio , check !
good sports bar in south scottsdale .
the facility is clean and so are the restrooms .
great service and atmosphere .
the food was good and the prices were fair .
had the philly cheesesteak and it was great .
good value priced meal .
this place is pretty good .
our server was quick and professional .
the chicken teriyaki sandwich is amazing !
everyone was very friendly .
stayed at a hotel across the street .
brittany is a great bartender .
made a great impression of customer service .
thanks brittany and philly for a great bar experience !
good food and drinks !
plenty of tvs as well playing sports .
it was descent and worth ordering again .
well , i did .
their fries where so amazing like omg !
great place to eat .
the hot wings are great .
good eats , drinks , service and atmosphere .
would highly recommend this place !
she runs an awesome business .
she puts in the hours to produce quality results .
owner was friendly and service is excellent .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
it worth the hassle !
my clothes come out clean and spotless .
you got one happy customer here .
great service for a great affordable price !
i highly recommended this place to anyone .
i love this place !
such friendly service and they do a great job !
i would absolutely recommend this place to anyone !
good service , reasonable price .
you will be happy that you did !
i love big lots !
check out is super easy .
i love this place .
they have a pretty good furniture department .
thank you big lots !
this is my favorite big lots .
thank you big surf for a fun summer .
my kids and i really liked this place !
the wave pool was definitely the best part .
we'll definitely go back !
it is huge and it's awesome fun !
a great place for some fun in the sun .
big surf is great for the younger kids .
family had a ton of fun .
daughter loved the kid slides .
it was a great day .
i am a huge fan of this water park .
had a great time today .
thank you for having a groupon promotion !
lines are pretty short today which makes everyone happy .
for one it's very fun !
the employees are very nice !
had a great day !
you have to pay extra but it's worth it !
recommend the season pass .
it is worth it .
kids loved the slides and zip lining .
first year to get season passes for the family .
season passes are the best !
this water park was pretty fun !
great place to take the family .
recommend looking up discounts via groupon .
clean , clean , clean !
this place is amazing !
super cool shop with eclectic , vintage stuff .
i will definitely be back in the future .
the owner was friendly and helpful the whole time .
so cute , received a few compliments from others .
everyone here is a caring professional .
everyone who works here loves to come to work .
so very compassionate and knowledgeable .
their minestrone is the best i've had .
the food is fantastic .
love , love , love this place !
alfredo sauce is amazing !
definitely a place to splurge the extra calories !
will definitely be going back !
the service is exceptional .
this is authentic italian food and it is good .
good ambiance and great service .
this place is good italian .
great italian food , great price .
they have great specials and great happy hour .
service and staffing has always been good as well .
that 's as important as the food and specials !
we ordered pizza and had an amazing time .
loved the neighborhood bar feel .
quick service , reasonable prices , good food .
always reliable excellent food and service .
very crisp lettuce and great service .
it was a wonderful experience eating there .
excellent family own hidden gem in arizona !
simply the best italian food in the phoenix area .
every item on the menu is delicious !
the italian music created a nice ambiance .
the sauce was excellent !
the food was good .
one can dream , anyway .
he was the best !
it is a nice place .
my best nail salon ever !
i loved this place .
i have very pretty flowers on my toes .
this was a great little place .
fortunately , my friend and i walked right in .
, and the service was excellent .
i really enjoyed my experience here today !
linda was quiet but she was also pleasant .
but tina is amazing .
and my nails look phenomenal every time !
this place is amazing !
this is an excellent nail salon .
the staff is friendly and skilled .
i think i've found my new place !
i was especially pleased with the leg massage .
it is by far the best i've ever had !
i will definitely be coming back here .
nice little place - professional , detailed and kind .
i will definitely be coming back .
she took her time and did great !
clean comfortable environment and staff is friendly .
love this place , the new management is awesome .
always very clean and treat you nice .
my top priority is cleanliness .
the staffs are friendly and cater to your needs .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
i love this nail salon !
best gel manicure i've ever had .
people here are nice and friendly .
the salon was extremely clean and so reasonably priced !
kim made my feet feel brand new !
best nail salon in the area .
tina and her mother are great .
the service is fantastic and the prices are reasonable .
the employees are extremely friendly .
i will definitely be back !
did an excellent job .
i love snow nails !
tina and kim are the best !
tina and team are wonderful .
tina & kim are fantastic .
i would give snow nails my highest recommendation .
i love snow nails !
what an awesome nail salon !
i love getting my nails done here .
i encourage all of you to check them out !
i will definitely be a repeat customer !
small shop , great owners and excellent value !
i highly recommend them .
honest reliable friendly service .
would recommend to all my family and friends .
keep up the good work !
it was so clean and tidy !
very honest and welcoming .
very good place for an european car !
mike there is a great person !
i have loved every lotion they have suggested .
they have good packages if you buy in bulk !
love the new location !
the beds were awesome and very clean of course .
this is a great company .
great customer service , great products .
overall , it was a wonderful night .
have i said how fantastic it was ?
i truly enjoyed myself .
watched wicked here and it was amazing .
those who work here are very helpful .
service was also great .
everyone is very friendly .
the quality of the show was excellent .
loved every minute of it .
came here to watch wicked .
i really liked this venue .
the show was upbeat and well performed .
we loved everything about it .
i've seen several productions here and have enjoyed them .
great place to see a show !
easy in and easy out .
had a great time .
workers are very nice and courteous .
i love this place !
enjoyed " jersey boys " at the gammage .
however we had an amazing time .
all in all my group had a great time .
best place to watch any broadway shows .
the workers there were all very nice .
dirty dancing was quite fun to watch !
you can see perfectly from the second balcony .
i am so happy gammage is in phoenix .
love all the broadway productions they host here !
great location in the heart of tempe .
so many wonderful shows over the years !
the staff is great !
they really try to make you night special !
saw wicked the musical last night in the gammage .
and what a beautiful theatre !
great venue , parking was ok , easy i .
a great evening in a grand old building !
the cue club is my favorite spot on mill .
solid spot for a saturday night .
lots of talent on the tables .
their long island iced teas are legendary !
i'm a fan , for sure .
mill cue club is awesome !
bartender was friendly and efficient .
well try them here .
best long islands ever !
super strong and a reasonable price .
also good- electric lemonade .
friends , pool , and long islands .
drinks are inexpensive and really good !
lots of pool tables and great environment .
overall , we all enjoyed mill cue club !
really fun on game days .
btw they take checking id 's very seriously .
the place is always packed !
it'll get you going and tastes great !
great vibe , fun times , and cool people !
this is what a proper bar should be like !
cue club is super popular !
try any of the kabob platters , very good !
clearly one of the best persian restaurants in az .
the food is fresh and quite delicious .
the prices are great too .
the owners are really nice too !
tasty kabob is one of my all time favorites .
i cant ' recommend it highly enough .
the hummus appetizer was great as well .
persian cuisine has a special place in my belly .
the kabob and steak kabob are awesome !
it was super fresh and so tasty .
she said it was ridiculously good .
food was very fresh and tasty .
service was great and friendly .
my absolute favorite restraunt in the valley !
it is authentic and done very well .
thank you tasty kabob for being so wonderful !
see you again soon .
nice music , lighting .
would recommend my friends .
enjoyed the food and the service .
chicken kabob was tasty and basic but really good .
it's just absolutely fantastic !
the food here is really good here .
the salad is absolutely delicious !
i really enjoy the food here .
this place is hands down the best .
the prices are amazing too .
it tasted fresh and flavorful .
great customer service and the happy hour price is great.
i will be back !
i'm guessing i'll start frequenting this place .
came here to eat persian food with family .
surprisingly , this place was very very good .
portions were decent size and a fair price .
service was really friendly .
all in all , a very solid place .
the owners are beautiful people .
it's a wonderful space !
the food and service was incredible .
excellent food at really reasonable prices .
good service and friendly owner .
amazing food and amazing service !
it tasted amazing and it was surprisingly authentic .
i will definitely recommend this place .
good ambiance , check !
good service , check , check , check !
i love this persian restaurant !
their meat is very juicy & flavorful .
what a pleasant surprise .
the food was actually quite good .
the rice is done to perfection .
the meat is good also .
definitely be back with some friends later .
get the yogurt sauce with your entree , amazing .
middle eastern is something i love outside of mexican .
persian particularly puts out a great healthier choice .
thank you tasty kabob for making arizona your home .
very good service , nice atmosphere .
very good family and good food .
nice quite friendly atmosphere .
lamb shank was outstanding .
wonderful staff , outstanding family owners .
love to go back again and again thank you !
the basmati rice is delicious and always perfectly cooked .
every single item on the menu is amazing .
the restaurant atmosphere is peaceful and friendly .
excellent food and consistent .
they make you feel welcomed .
welcome back , lydia !
i love love love this place !
it's the best vegetarian deli i know .
one of my favorite dishes are the tamales !
the portions are a nice size and always delish !
my favorite local place .
the chicken salad and strawberry lemonade were particularly wonderful !
friendly people , good food and prices .
a great hidden gem off mill ave !
the service is great and the portions are incredible .
however , their chips and salsa were always fantastic .
excellent food , great service .
go for happy hour if you go for anything .
chips and salsa is the best .
the servers are really attentive and friendly as well .
they have a huge menu that is very original .
i always got it with the white cheese sauce .
i love this place .
everything ive tried on the menu is great .
i have always enjoyed the food here .
better than macayo 's or filiberto 's .
there is an interesting story behind rosita 's .
i enjoy going to this restaurant often .
we liked the guacamole was very creamy and good .
staff very friendly and prompt .
i love rosita 's !
everything was fantastic , service included !
the food was amazing !
very good home cooked food !
great salsa , and spinach enchiladas !
rosita 's is definitely it .
the margaritas are also pretty good .
great family friendly place .
great chips and salsa .
the mole enchiladas are my favorite .
friendly staff who remember regulars .
good tamales , too .
their margaritas are great too .
very good mexican food on a consistent basis .
service is usually very good as well .
a favorite with the locals !
the red salsa is incredible !
place but i love some of the servers .
another awesome meal at rosita 's !
great az sonoran style mexican food .
its also quite affordable .
definitely a place worth checking out !
alan gives the best gun experience ever .
he knows the ins and outs of them !
thumbs up for this place !
i would definitely recommend taking your pet here .
i highly recommend it !
this pet resort is as good as it gets .
the rose is the best .
this place was great !
the employees were funny and nice .
it's a nice , relaxing place .
that alone shows an owner that cares !
this is the best hookah place in town .
the employees are really attentive and helpful .
great vibes , good music , and amazing smoke .
prices and customer service were right on par .
even their take home blends smoke amazingly well .
hands down the best hookah lounge in the valley .
how they keep up is beyond me .
staff is super nice and very attentive !
one stop drink shop !
the service is fast , polite and professional .
the drink selection here is the best on earth !
the friendliest customer service !
this qt is hopping !
i got lucky today , woot !
their service is fast and friendly .
this marriott is in a prime location .
the beds are super comfortable .
breakfast was fast , delicious and reasonably priced .
the location is incredibly convenient .
great place to stay .
i especially love the customer service !
most accommodating hotel i've ever stayed in !
great staff , everyone is so friendly !
getting repair work is always stressful for me .
great service and people do deal with !
first their customer service is great !
my experience matches the other reviews .
bumble bee deserves its five stars .
good people and they do excellent work .
this is a great company .
i highly recommend them .
it's a small but professional and affordable family company .
bumble bee air is a quality company .
i trust my comfort to bumble bee .
i highly recommend this company !
awesome service and really nice people .
great local shop with extremely helpful staff .
i was told pricing was great .
such a blessing i found such a wonderful business .
i do highly recommend them .
wow what great customer service !
service was good , nice people .
got the food and went home .
hope the next time is like this !
very helpful and friendly staff .
it's worth a visit .
the salespeople here are so patient .
worth the drive from green valley , arizona !
great atmosphere with knowledgable staff .
amazing selection of shoes .
i would recommend to a friend .
staff friendly and knowledgeable .
today helen helped my daughter and me .
she found just the pair of shoes she needed .
shoe mill was great .
staff is helpful and accommodating .
i will definitely return for future projects !
you will definitely get your money 's worth !
everything i have tried here is great .
prices are very reasonable .
i highly recommend you try their food .
i just know its darn good !
by far the best tofu i've ever had .
the best spring rolls !
best chinese food delivery in tempe .
house chow mein is my favorite .
delivery is fast and friendly .
regardless , i love this restaurant .
best chinese delivery in tempe .
broccoli shrimp is delicious .
totally decent and efficient take out !
everything i've ordered from here has been pretty good .
the cost is very reasonable and the portions generous .
good friendly and convenient .
i was very pleasantly surprised with the orange tofu .
i really enjoy this place .
had a great experience with this company !
we had a fun day .
ryan is as honest as the day is long .
ryan and the staff were absolutely wonderful !
best experience i've ever had renting anything !
no nonsense and excellent equipment !
i love this place .
all dishes had excellent flavor and were plentiful !
the beef = great !
the tortillas = great !
the chicken was delicious- and the tortillas were great .
very easy on the wallet , too .
seriously good , authentic food .
please go ( and ignore the decor ) .
best grilled chicken in town .
their carne is awesome as well .
the food is great .
really enjoyed the " combo " .
they love it and still go as adults .
it is very tasty and juice .
this place is amazing .
the chicken is amazing !
this is hands down the best chicken in town .
fresh tortillas round out the meal .
it is a dive but worth the trip .
great food and great prices .
get the combo , so tasty .
i liked the beef better than the chicken .
oh my tasty goodness !
i will absolutely be a regular here .
: ) an institution in tempe , well deserved .
tri tip is very good !
the food here is awesome .
the best meat around !
it is so so so so good .
love me some red chicken !
always delicious , fast , and great service .
i was surprised how much i liked this place !
i had a quarter beef and it was delicious .
the pickled onions are crack !
this is my favorite place !
my vegetarian friends love their bean and rice .
it's packed at lunch with workers .
absolutely delicious and so simple .
it's always been delicious .
i love their chicken .
he had such a great attitude .
we will definitely come back to this place again .
it's good , comfort food and very flavorful .
this place is so great !
the salsa is fresh and spicy .
the staff is friendly .
wow what a find this place was .
perfect example of keeping it simple .
is amazing value for the price .
the carne asada is my favorite .
absolutely love the people that work there .
super tasty served by a friendly staff .
it is money well spent !
they are absolutely delicious .
simple ingredients , steaming hot goodness .
best carne asada in all of phoenix .
they are really good .
these guys are well worth a visit !
similar but significantly superior to the loco chain option .
this place always delivers .
but the food is amazing !
a business can run how it wants .
it was very good !
this place is simple and delicious .
fresh ingredients and well seasoned grilled chicken and beef .
so happy to find this place .
this place is absolutely delicious and very authentic .
the food was great for what it was .
love this little place !
it's the exact same and still amazing .
just try it , you'll be happy you did .
red , tender and full of flavor !
this place is a gem !
i really like this place .
ok , this place rocks .
the place is small but neat and tidy .
a small place with nice people .
i recently adopted a precious cat .
staff is always helpful and polite .
they have excellent products .
i really like this place .
great place to get advice from other owners also .
, as well as the exceptional service .
very nice guys there .
the staff are friendly and helpful !
thumbs up in my book !
the owners are knowledgeable and friendly .
this place is great !
thanks for the genuine help !
very good and friendly service .
knowledge of products and their uses was incredible .
family owned and operated i'm pretty sure .
talk about customer service !
i love this place !
family owned and operated !
i moved from florida to arizona in december .
he frickin loves the new stuff .
this is my dog 's favorite place to go !
this place is fantastic !
the people there are a treasure chest of knowledge .
these guys are awesome !
great selection of healthy dog food too !
best feed store in the valley .
absolutely love this place .
the customer service here is top notch .
i will be back !
and it's a local joint .
thanks for being there tempe feed !
so happy we went here today .
professional , knowledgeable and friendly !
the best feed store in az !
family owned and operated .
i really love buying from this place .
this place is truly one of a kind .
what a great business !
small family run shop with amazing customer service .
the owners are incredibly kind and helpful .
great products and amazing customer service !
they are helpful and friendly .
small , family owned , and good prices .
someone always carries the food to my truck .
great pizza by the slice .
this family-run restaurant is very simple but friendly .
this place was pretty good to me .
i love this place !
they're sooo good , and worth the price .
the place is very , very simple .
the prices are good , too .
everything i've eaten here has been delicious .
it's a real winner .
otto 's pizza is good .
the slice and drink deals are great .
great price great food !
the delivery was awesome .
otto 's is a gem of tempe .
great ingredients make great pizza and sandwiches .
this is a great local pizza spot .
the pizza is great too .
the veggie pizza is my favorite .
this is one of my favorite pizza places .
good pizza , great steak sandwich , reasonable prices .
service is excellent and food is great !
this place has some seriously tasty pizza .
delicious and healthy pizza .
all fairly priced and very friendly staff .
one of the top pizza places around !
one of my favorite lunch spots in tempe !
otto 's has some very good pizza .
otto 's is wonderful .
i'd personally recommend the spinach ravioli .
the salad 's are delicious.
the spaghetti is one of my favorite 's !
the staff is always super super nice .
love that they have veggie pizza by the slice !
the place looks great !
the best pizza in arizona by a long shot .
otto and his staff are very kind and respectful .
the delivery guy was nice as well !
best pizza in tempe hands down .
went there for the first time .
sure will get some more of this next time !
i truly love this place .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
great lunch place , especially for the price .
monte cristo is ridiculously good .
pizza is as well .
good specials for a slice or two .
this is one of my favorite pizza places !
i highly recommend grabbing a slice if you're nearby !
my favorite crust in town !
it's perfectly chewy and crispy at the same time .
always friendly , and always fresh !
the slices are generously sized and absolutely delicious .
finally found a great tasting slice in tempe .
great crust , sauce and cheese .
so that is a huge plus .
highly recommend trying it out .
it's all family owned and homemade .
otto , your food is just delicious .
pretty good pepperoni & cheese pizzas .
a good slice exists in tempe !
the food is good .
the dough is good and light .
good nyc style slice .
the chicken pesto ravioli special is really tasty !
the slices of pizza always come out super quick .
the staff is always friendly and great !
best pizza in the state of arizona .
they recommend this place an glad they did .
will be going back for sure !
so fresh and crispy everything .
this pizza is the best .
they have the best pizza in the state .
their calzones and salads are amazing as well .
i really enjoy it and will be coming back !
the people are great and the food is too !
favorite neighborhood pizza joint .
otto is the man !
they also deliver for free in tempe !
i love me some otto 's !
i love otto 's pizza !
everything there is so delicious at a great price .
definitely check out this neighborhood pizzeria !
friendly staff , believe its family owned .
definitely will drop in once a week !
excellent pizza - try the specials !
my favorite pizza place !
their food and prices are awesome !
they did a fantastic job at my wedding !
people loved the food !
the ingredients were fresh and packed with flavor .
people also loved the southwestern corn side dish .
these guys are great .
these guys are great .
have been very happy with their service .
they are prompt , courteous and professional .
i would absolutely recommend over ace or home depot .
the food is wonderful .
the hummus and tabouli are excellent .
the combination plates are great too !
the staff is charming and prompt .
try it you'll love it .
the market is really cool too .
their hummus is always spot on .
their gyros are delicious .
afterwards its is always fun to peruse the store .
you can shop here and eat .
it's veg friendly , and their gyros are good .
i love their hummus !
it's great that they are still there .
they serve the most delicious tongue ever .
also , friendly , fast service .
best gyro and chicken shawarma in town !
the staff is nice and the prices are great .
cheap , delicious and fresh food.
great hummus , falafel , and lamb .
they have the best lunch specials .
delightful hole in the wall .
i'm totally lucky to live near this gem !
best middle eastern food i've ever had .
amazingly cheap and great middle eastern food .
warm homemade pita bread .
for the price , its definitely worth a visit .
i was very impressed .
just the right degree of succulent and tender .
but other than that food is good.
all tasty and well served .
i'll definitely be going back soon !
this place is absolutely amazing !
this is always a good choice !
it is inexpensive and perfect every time .
great middle eastern food .
what a great little restaurant !
the service was quick and the food was delicious !
i will certainly be back to eat here !
the store area is quite amazing , too !
i'm excited that i found this little place !
the falafel is some of the best in tempe .
the food is fantastic .
the food was extremely tasty .
it really is the best falafel in town .
loved it , i'd definitely go again !
we thought the falafel the best we'd ever had .
love everything about this place .
big , soft pitas with delicious hummus .
the falafel is moist and fried perfectly .
this place is incredible .
the food is super fresh and very authentic .
this place is delicious !
i'm drooling just thinking about it right now .
so i know that this is a neighborhood spot .
the ground meat however was delicious .
it was very juicy and flavorful !
we love great food at great prices .
excellent middle eastern food .
good choice for lunch .
love , love , love this place !
authentic middle eastern food and it is dirt cheap .
best me food period .
still , the food was exceptional .
you receive excellent value for what you pay for .
excellent food at a very reasonable price !
their food is amazing -- all of it .
the best i've had outside of the middle east .
it is one of our favorite places .
really low key , affordable , amazing food !
love love love this place .
the food is awesome with a price to match .
super affordable , and the falafel are quite tasty .
also , i love their different varieties of baklava .
almond is my favorite !
great gyros & baklava authentic indian market as well .
the tastes are very flavorful and authentic .
consistently fresh and delicious .
great food and service .
the atmosphere is nice and casual .
their pickles are good too !
haji baba is by far my favorite restaurant !
my favorites by far are the gyros !
i've never found a recipe so flavorful and moist .
i can't recommend this place more .
liked this vibe inside with the market restaurant combo .
everything in all was fresh and large servings .
serving size is good and portions are filling .
consistent excellent quality food .
very fairly priced , generous serving .
one of my favorite places to eat !
authentic middle eastern food !
everyone there is really nice .
try the queen baklava , best i've ever had .
great value for authentic middle-eastern food .
superb texture and flavor !
so , so , so good .
everything i've had here has been amazing .
it is freaking amazing .
overall , one of my favs !
always great and fast !
service is always top notch .
beware of big crowds during lunch .
they have by far the best baklava ever !
their prices are very reasonable .
i really like the food here !
great food for sure but that is it .
yet for some reason this place just works .
best gyro in phoenix !
the feta is awesome .
this place is a hidden gem .
great middle eastern food at a great price .
i for one will be eating here again .
awesome place for some fine middle eastern cuisine .
go here and love it !
just a great sandwich .
good gyros at very reasonable prices .
this place was great .
large portions , great hummus and everything tasted amazing .
go with a big appetite and enjoy .
love the food at haji baba .
both dishes are fantastic and very flavorful !
definitely one of the gems in tempe !
at this delicious place !
love the food and the staff is friendly .
generous portions and excellent meat .
some of the best med food in the valley .
the gyro is also really good .
the gyros , feta cheese & hummus is great .
the food is also really good .
its our default lunch spot .
the place just seriously rocks .
very smooth and creamy .
both very tasty and great portions !
i dream about it sometimes .
everything our table of six had was very good .
the pita bread was warm , toasty and fresh .
good food , good service and consistent .
all plates were excellent !
absolutely the best gyro i have ever eaten .
hummus was great , along with the baba ganoush .
food is always so tasty !
good humus and pita as well .
staff is always friendly and attentive .
we will definitely return .
i will definitely be back .
very authentic middle-eastern fare with nice friendly service .
they portion sizes and prices are great .
i will definitely be back .
this place is the best mediterranean food in town .
this place is awesome .
i'll definitely be coming back !
good for lunch or dinner .
good hummus , good sides .
i'll definitely come back !
i could eat here every day it's so good !
fresh fragrant and a nice assortment .
the baklava is spot on !
my first time here was great !
i'll be back again !
i love everything on the menu .
very nice portion size for a nice price !
the store in the restaurant is great to shop .
this place is absolutely amazing !
overall a very good place to eat .
food is priced reasonably and tasted good .
my father is really good friends with the owner .
the chicken kabob plate is just absolutely fantastic !
the chicken shwarma plate and gyro plate are excellent .
i highly recommend the chicken .
the staff and service is ok .
great authentic food , and the service is excellent .
delicious food at a great price .
generous portions as well .
haji 's was it .
the restaurant is pretty casual .
the chicken is soooo moist and perfectly grilled .
one of the most amazing and flavorful dipping sauce .
i love this place !
i love this place !
delicious & very affordable .
this whole in the wall place was outstanding .
the food was amazing as well as the service .
it's actually inside the store !
but , amazing food !
the chicken shwarma is delicious .
well i'm referring you .
they give generous portions and it is delicious .
also their feta is amazing .
i could eat like this every day .
such a great hidden gem .
absolutely love this place !
huge portion , quality is always consistent .
highly recommend this place !
hands down the best .
the service was excellent and fast .
humus is perfect and so is the service .
i also love shopping in the store .
i met up with some friends .
their fresh handmade pita is the best !
incredibly delicious , authentic food for a great price .
they have a fantastic international grocery store too .
so so so so so yummy !
i love this place .
the gyro deluxe is amazing .
prices are great food is better .
great middle eastern food at the super price !
price is also unbeatable .
i came here with a friend .
everything was full of flavor and tasted very good .
really authentic food and very tasty .
i love the little store too .
this place is a staple in the community .
it's my favorite place to eat in arizona .
the chicken shawarma is the best .
that 's how much love this place .
this place had a very friendly staff .
i recommend trying this place .
everything i've had has been amazing .
i will be back many , many more times !
best middle eastern food in tempe !
basically everything is exceptional .
baklava is a must have too .
and the hummus is fantastic .
the servers here are great .
fast , friendly service , excellent food .
authentic middle eastern cuisine .
sandwiches great as well as plates .
it's seriously the best dressing .
wonderful people and a wonderful place .
this one is a for sure place to try !
super deal for lunch or dinner .
everything made fresh in-house .
fantastic food every time !
my favorite when coming up from tucson !
very good , authentic middle-eastern food .
freshly made , yummy pitas .
the lamb kabob was amazing !
very good , authentic middle-eastern food .
freshly made , yummy pitas .
great place , amazing food and great prices .
i highly recommend this place !
this place has great mediterranean food !
the people their are very nice .
great food for little money !
i absolutely love this place !
the food is amazing and priced decent .
by far the best middle eastern restaurant in tempe .
haji baba is a great little restaurant .
i really enjoyed this place .
haji baba is has great middle east food .
the chicken dish was delicious !
great experience & cool atmosphere .
still as good as always .
i love all of their food .
cooked to order fresh ingredients and an attentive staff .
the portions are great !
the gyro plate my kids love !
it was a perfect fit for me too !
i will definitely be back !
truly the best gyro i have ever had .
wow this place is incredible !
the chicken shawarma was so so tender and flavorful .
the hummus was really creamy and rich as well .
the feta cheese is fresh and very reasonable .
i highly recommend it !
middle eastern food at its best !
food is prepared fresh .
the lamb was the best !
one of my favorite places to eat .
great middle eastern market and restaurant in tempe !
i love their food .
hummus is absolutely amazing .
well , we are so glad we did !
very authentic food , everything was good .
my boyfriend loves the vegetarian plate .
everything is good here !
my entire family loves haji baba 's .
amazing food and even better service !
amazing food and service .
loved the vibe with the middle eastern market .
best middle eastern food i've had hands down !
i will definitely be going back regularly !
simply the best middle eastern food around .
very inexpensive delicious food .
their vegetarian plate is so good .
definitely go here if you want good greek food !
the baba ganoush was great .
i thoroughly enjoyed my meal .
i'll never eat a value meal again .
haji 's is my new joint !
this place is absolutely amazing .
the order wash fresh and ready right on time .
both times were simply awesome .
service was quick , pleasant and made eye contact !
great value and a welcoming environment .
the chicken shawarma - so good !
great place , excellent food .
amazing food at a really great price !
the food was amazing !
tender , juicy chicken with an amazing garlic sauce .
baklava is fresh and addicting !
service has improved lately .
is it the best food ?
authentic mediterranean food in a modest setting .
the queen baklava was also wonderful .
just a fun experience all around .
the food is authentic and well done .
first of all , it's super affordable .
the food isn't just cheap , it's also delicious .
good for small groups .
overall i was very satisfied .
the food s very authentic and delicious .
i just love the gyros .
definitely worth a visit !
my favorite mediterranean place in the valley !
they have great prices and they're always really quick !
also , our waiter was very friendly and accommodating !
i definitely recommend this place !
this is my favorite restaurant in the city .
delicious food , crazy cheap .
i got the chicken shwarma and it was delicious !
great food and reasonable prices .
this place is seriously a gem !
their chocolates are so awesome .
definitely one of my favorite restaurants .
it's that good and tasty .
large portion on the veggie combo plate is awesome .
the servers are great .
oh my lord is this place good !
but , the food was very good .
best mediterranean i've had in az .
but it's worth it .
i'll definitely be coming back !
we are regulars and always get fantastic service .
honestly you can't go wrong by picking this place .
best gyro for a great price !
everything that is served is spectacular .
food is the best mediterranean food in town .
the food was fresh and the prices super reasonable .
best baklava in town .
they are fresh and tasty .
fast and friendly service .
any place attached to a market is a plus .
this place was amazing !
i freaking love this place !
everything was so good .
we enjoyed our lunch , thank you !
very quick and quiet authentic .
everything was fresh and tasty .
the service was good .
inside is small and pretty filthy .
excellent pizza & lemonade , somewhat rude service .
fresh and hot is best .
i really like this place .
all around great pizza at a good price .
perfect for a quick slice at noon or 2am .
great variety of toppings .
a slice or two always hit the spot .
this is the best in tempe .
best place to get a meal after the bars .
they keep it interesting with the slices they offer .
love their white pizza .
slices pie 's are the best in town !
huge pieces of heaven .
super greasy but that 's part of the deliciousness !
it's pretty d g .
great pizza & they're open late !
best pizza on earth .
huge selection of unique pizzas that all taste great .
is it be the best pizza on earth ?
they have great specialty pizzas .
good classic pizza and salads .
service is quick and prices are reasonable .
pizza is amazing although the space is very small .
i love how late they are open .
workers are very friendly and efficient .
such an underrated pizza place on mill !
they make real new york pizza .
delicious slices of pizza toasted up hot for you .
i loved living here and really miss it .
everyone was really nice and helpful .
their service was amazing .
we will definitely use them for years to come !
i like this place !
great small venue to see a band !
the owner has always been very hospitable and professional .
i love the big fish pub !
great job , friendly help , reasonable price .
cool little shop in tempe .
straight up honest and professional service .
very nice guys here at quality transmission .
their manager steve was down-to-earth and genuine .
always one time and it is fixed .
i took my car to quality .
quality quickly fixed this while i waited .
its refreshing to find an honest service provider .
it's a bright , friendly atmosphere .
the gyro meat is excellent .
this is a fun greek place .
the appetizer sampler is huge but tasty .
i highly recommend this place .
always drop by this place when i'm in tempe .
all in all an excellent combination .
good atmosphere and good food .
this restaurant is great !
they have the best hummus and pita bread .
ample portions and good prices .
waitress was sweet and funny .
the drinks , the food , the people !
i love the place and food is good .
a wonderful experience was had by all !
i always order the famous gyro dinner .
i would definitely recommend this place .
love the lunch pita !
this is now my favorite restaurant on mill .
it comes with some delicious , warm pita bread .
i'm definitely going back just to order it .
great food and the price is right .
super rich food but worth it .
everything absolutely everything was outstanding .
the beef and lamb are very good .
this place is soooooo good !
they have a great selection of hummus .
very authentic greek restaurant .
excellent food quality and service .
great atmosphere as well .
awesome lunch deals , great food , quick service .
the gyro was absolutely delicious !
awesome food , awesome service .
much better than i remember since they reopened .
all were very good .
this place is wonderful .
, but this salad is outstanding .
the waitresses are super friendly and gorgeous !
service is always decent .
lunch special is a total steal .
it's just that good !
great restaurant and bar .
awesome happy hour deals and the service was great .
thanks for a great time .
i will definitely come back to this place !
fries are the best !
excellent spot for a quick bite on mill avenue .
the service is excellent and quick .
a good place to go !
plus , i love good greek food !
yummy and excellent service !
i'd definitely tell recommend this restaurant !
some of the best baklava you will ever have !
a nice ambiance and great hummus .
service was very good .
after flaming cheese , these are the best !
excellent food , great laid back culture .
staff was super friendly and efficient .
it was very good .
flavor packed jalapeo and cilantro hummus !
chicken parmesan & garlic shrimp was amazing !
logan our waiter was outstanding !
good atmosphere and friendly service .
i highly recommend the gyro , of course !
food was fresh and delicious .
always friendly , always good .
highly recommend this place !
awesome and amazing food .
another fine dining experience .
is always perfect when she does .
thanks for the consistent level of excellence .
definitely going back again soon !
we really enjoyed our experience at this restaurant !
the service was excellent .
everything was perfect from the service to the food .
great indoor and out door area .
service is efficient and food is good .
definitely great office lunch option .
the waitress was very nice and funny .
the location was great .
absolutely amazing lunch deals .
she'll take care of you .
love that they served the pita warm .
love love love this place !
on thursday , they have fantastic live acoustic music .
also , the servers here are all great .
their bar beverages were tasty as well !
enjoyed lunch and this was my first visit .
both were very good and the ingredients were fresh .
the lamb chops in particular are really good .
the service here is also great .
this was a great surprise .
vegetables fresh and dressing balanced .
overall a wonderful lunch dining experience .
our server was very jolly and attentive .
service was pretty fast and friendly .
worth the extra cost .
nice surrounding with the option to eat outside .
greek salad was good .
almost as good as my moms !
they recently changed their falafel and it is amazing .
decent options for vegetarians too .
great little greek gem on mill !
portions are very generous and prices are reasonable .
friendly service , and fair pricing .
my vehicle rides like its brand new !
thanks tony and team !
like amy s. i'm a big fan of sue .
i would highly recommend her !
this place is great !
good price and nice beds !
chelsea was super helpful !
friendly staff , well maintained beds and great location !
but they are all pretty nice !
i will definitely be back !
good bang for the buck .
this place is tasty .
lots of reasons to come here , see !
great atmosphere , felt like i was in mexico .
happy hour is pretty decent .
that 's my kind of place !
the food is pretty good .
definitely go with the combos here .
best tamales and black bean burritos .
the chips and salsa are also very tasty .
good place to visit !
everything looked so delicious .
best drink specials in tempe !
enjoyed the dinner and live entertainment .
it's my favorite macayo 's location !
i will be going back !
the service we had was good .
the atmosphere is almost as good as the food .
great patio and fun atmosphere .
the orange margarita is fantastic !
great atmosphere and friendly staff !
i always love grabbing some delicious mexican food here .
super night at the depot !
ben the inside bartender is a rock star !
so fantastic and my family really enjoyed themselves .
from a mexican vegan i love this place !
the food is great !
the food is fresh and tastes homemade !
i love the atmosphere and the service is wonderful !
when in town , we will be back !
great food and drinks !
the margarita was good , but too sweet .
it was awesome and cooked just right !
we always leave feeling stuffed and with leftovers .
other than that he was great and super cute .
the spinach con queso is the best .
they were absolutely fabulous .
chips and salsa came with the order .
our waiter was kind as well .
service was prompt and attentive .
i had the baja burro and it was outstanding .
my personal favorite is the baja sauce .
i will keep coming here !
great food , nice location and great live music .
i always love going to macayo 's !
they have some really good margaritas too !
you definitely leave full !
also , jose is the best bartender .
very happy we went .
i got steak fajitas and they were awesome .
customer service was good .
highly recommend if you find yourself in town .
i loved the layout of this place .
i love macayo 's !
ordered fajitas enough for two !
portion size was great for the price .
i love this place !
get service and great place .
best mexican food in town !
food was above average and service was excellent .
so surprised by the awesome service here !
this place nailed it .
this restaurant has a lot of memories for me .
definitely worth a visit !
he'll make sure you leave happy .
he turned my yucky drink into the best .
i had a great experience here .
the customer service was good and friendly .
this place just gets it .
great price , great bikes , great customer service !
staff was friendly and very helpful !
she then helped me get the best price .
equipment sales are another strong point from my perspective .
to my surprise and delight they said they could .
they have pretty much anything photography related !
friendly and knowledgeable customer service .
i highly recommend this place !
they have lots of nice stuff .
they are truly the best .
great service ; love the staff .
friendly , straight-forward service .
their repair department is a delight to work with .
had the absolute best experience w/ tempe camera .
will definitely be renting ( and purchasing ! )
they have an amazing repair department !
the man was so nice and patient .
tempe camera is the best .
lucky to have it in town .
dope atmosphere , cool employees , and good products .
they are always nice and make you feel comfortable .
this makes it quite convenient .
it is the best camera shop with great prices .
will definitely will be using them again !
highly professional photography store , it's the very best .
good camera service and friendly team .
good prices on film also .
thanks guys and girl !
staff was very helpful , and friendly .
found the piece with a different individual .
best camera repair services in the valley !
honest , dependable staff with great service !
thank you tempe camera !
guys are all great and very knowledgeable .
do great work and very quick too .
simply the best golf shop in the valley .
they do great work .
go check it out !
i highly recommend az golf works .
great hole in the wall mexican food .
mexican coke in a bottle and decent food .
loved the soft tacos !
but the food is great .
i will definitely be back for more !
best mexican food in tempe .
the chile relleno was quite good .
extremely happy to have found susie 's !
i dream about it .
susie 's here i come !
i love when they have a mariachi band .
i am a regular here , it's that good .
its not expensive , and that 's nice too .
its a nice place to go to !
has the best green chilli .
my favorite mexican food in all of phoenix .
good people , awesome food .
both the red and green sauce are great .
shrimp and fish street tacos are amazing .
love their salsa and green chile .
family owned for decades .
family and service is very friendly .
totally worth the cost of a funeral .
i love this place .
the horchata is great .
will be back for sure .
it was all literally amazing .
oh yeah , their tortillas are amazing !
the staff was good and the food was great .
the lengua tacos are delicious .
the enchiladas and rice and beans are unbeatable .
the best mexican food in town !
really good authentic mexican food .
very reasonable prices and good fast service .
homemade tamales are amazing .
very good authentic mexican food .
very good mexican food !
chips and salsa were also very good .
both good , but my favorite was the chunky .
this is a good little family mexican restaurant .
it's nothing incredibly fancy , but i enjoyed it .
the prices are also incredibly reasonable .
but the food was sooooo good .
the traditional soups are really good .
chorizo has a great smokey pepper flavor .
and the prices - wow !
posole - even better !
some of the best mexican food in the valley .
ken 's auto is the best !
ken and chris are spectacular , knowledgeable and honest .
this place is awesome .
i highly recommend this place .
i love ken 's !
good price and good service .
really love this place !
ken 's is awesome ; will definitely be back !
this is my favorite starbucks location !
for these reasons i still go .
i really like this location .
yesterday i ordered a coffee and a breakfast wrap .
one of my favorite starbucks .
yay , im a fan .
nice job on this location !
morning crew is fantastic !
speedy service , great beverages and super friendly staff .
they save my life !
it has nice seating area with free wifi .
downtown mill avenue is good to walk at too .
partners were great and friendly .
bathrooms were tidy and well stocked .
i can definitely see myself returning to shop here !
the big downside is everything is beyond marked up .
they always also seem to have the latest styles .
this girl should be managing this place .
this store always makes me smile .
and the staff is always super friendly .
he was friendly , efficient , and professional .
had a photo booth inside !
great park for spring training .
park was clean and quiet .
i liked it , well for the most part .
it was quiet , clean , friendly .
this place is great !
the staff is friendly and helpful .
a pleasant experience all around .
the prices are fabulous .
i love this place .
fantastic place for anyone with an interest in sewing .
i love this place .
the costumer service is usually really good .
i love this place !
it's like a treasure hunt every time i go .
they'll dish it out , just enjoy it !
all the employees are friendly , helpful and pleasant .
this place is wonderful !
the people were also very nice .
it has been perfect for sewing school show costumes .
my absolute favorite place to get fabric !
this place is great .
the service is great and the menu substantial .
a bit spicy , but i always enjoyed it .
the food is great , the service is great .
my wonton soup is always flavorful and tasty .
the food is authentic and prepared fresh .
quick , tasty , and affordable .
restaurant staff and owner are super friendly .
especially with the sweet orange sauce !
always pleased with my meal and service .
crisp , fresh veg and savory sauce .
the service here makes you feel at home .
their vegetarian egg rolls are delicious .
you'll enjoy your experience !
couldn't of loved the woman in charge more !
delicious lo mein and vey friendly family owned place .
prices are good and food is great .
defiantly worth a trip in .
so friendly and welcoming .
i would highly recommend this restaurant !
great food and service .
love the food and the owners .
still glad they are around and still awesome .
really good " mom and pop " chinese restaurant .
this was a great place .
great decor and lots of light .
the owner was a sweetheart and very nice .
thank you for the great service and amazing food .
great little place west of mill on university .
food was great and very well priced .
their food is always excellent .
i highly recommend it .
it was nice and quaint .
delicious food especially the egg foo young pork dish .
i love eating here !
i love this place !
the owner is super nice too .
mmm now i want to order more !
my new favorite chinese place to eat at .
delicious all around and the service is superb .
delicious vegan / vegetarian options .
our favorite is the spicy eggplant dish .
try it with cashews and broccoli !
definitely the best restaurant in tempe .
always great food , and fresh !
service is always attentive and through .
everything was pretty good .
would recommend this place to everyone !
family run and they are so nice .
my favorite place for chinese near asu .
i love this place !
i really can't recommend this place enough !
the staff is awesome .
first of all , cute spacious chinese restaurant .
i'll definitely be back .
truly a special restaurant .
the food is great and very reasonably priced .
i love seeing her and coming to this place .
will definitely be back to try other things .
it's a quaint comfortable location with incredible service .
i definitely recommended this place .
best chinese in tempe .
go visit her and some amazing food .
thank you for the amazing service .
i thought this place was great !
the kimchee was the best i've ever had .
i ordered the carne asada and was excellent .
la fonda mexican food is an amazing find .
the best chips and salsa ever !
a very casual eclectic restaurant through the years .
la fonda is absolutely tasty !
the service is always great !
two words : fundido style !
this place is delicious and cheap !
they're intimate while still crowded next to each other .
i love the chips and salsa .
the chips are served with fresh salsa .
la fonda is it .
nice atmosphere , certainly worth a visit .
i appreciate their honesty and good customer service .
great place to take your car !
great service at a good price .
they do good work at a reasonable price .
eric and the staff are easy to work with .
i have recommended them to my friends and family .
eric the owner is a great guy .
always good reliable work .
thanks for the great service .
i will definitely be back .
great staff , quick service reliable repair shop !
i recommend american five star .
eric and kathy are great .
the service and expertise were top notch .
these guys are as good as it gets .
the bread is so airy and delicate .
a hidden gem in the valley !
you bet your sweet little tooth !
it's really fun when you're waiting for your food !
the father and sons team are amazing !
the cakes are awesome !
the bun with the hot dog inside is great !
i love all the small deserts .
they are so good !
i will definitely come back to buy birthday cake .
ordered a strawberry cake here for a party .
i am actually very content with their japanese desserts .
the best birthday cake in town !
the sandwiches are super delicious !
the strawberry cake i had was excellent .
the tiramisu shake sounds intriguing !
thanks a lot and it was yummy .
the white bread is delicious .
the flan is amazing .
this place is great !
friendly service and gorgeous , tasty baked goods .
best ( asian ) pastry in town !
those are good too !
also the packaging is adorable .
everyone loved them and asked where we got them .
the place has a range of pastries and drinks .
the desserts are delicious !
their drinks are very good , too .
i absolutely love this bakery !
this place is ridiculously amazing .
i love this bakery !
their cakes are so amazing !
the people there are always so friendly !
definitely it is a good dessert place to try .
the owner was really sweet and kind .
( but my husband loved it . )
great food , great service .
i hope you bring it back .
the cakes here are so delicious and beautifully presented !
a hidden gem next to the japanese grocery store !
hands down the best in phoenix area .
chocolate cake is my favorite .
it's a bit pricey but well worth the price .
real clean flavor of green tea cake !
not overly sweet and very smooth !
they were the best .
everything was so delicious .
try it and you will be back for more .
the service was really good too .
excellent japanese style cake , not too sweet .
best fast food ever !
wonderful low priced food .
my hubby loves their bacon cheese fries .
good condiment to meat ratio , and flavorful .
the fries on their own are worth the trip .
don't get me wrong it was worth it .
i absolutely love their cheeseburgers and fries .
this place is great .
the gentleman that made my coffee is exceptional .
always like coming here .
staff is always nice .
i can really taste the quality espresso .
by far the best coffee around .
atmosphere is nice and inviting as well .
every time i've gone , the coffee is perfect .
this local business deserves our business .
the tea and sandwiches were great .
good books to read when you drink your coffee !
the staff were very nice and personable .
they have really good coffee here .
and that free cookie is a perfect sweet ending .
done well and with a fair amount of variety .
this place is amazing !
*** i love their sandwiches thus far !
this place is great !
i like to eat !
if so , i'll be back !
the trail rides are great as well .
can't beat the scenery and the staff is wonderful !
great " chicago " style pizza .
spinach calzones are outstanding .
best pizza in the east valley .
chicago style pizza with a unique sweet sauce .
very fast take-out time and excellent pizza .
it's also byob ( my favorite ! )
i like their spicy italian pizza with easy onions .
the best pizza this side of the mississippi !
spinato 's sauce is really what hits the spot .
love the pizza here .
best sauce on a pizza i have ever tasted .
however , spinato 's definitely took care of me !
simply the best pizza i have ever tasted .
probably the best pizza in tempe .
the staff is friendly too with great service .
great calzones , good pizza selections .
i will definitely be ordering from here again !
i like spinato 's pretty okay .
yeah , he freaking loves spinato 's .
it's definitely worth a trip !
the staff is friendly and attentive .
hands down best spinach calzones i've ever eaten !
a family owned business that gets really packed !
the pizza is so good .
excellent food , and they deliver .
the best pizza in town !
all of my friends and i love this place .
the food is just really delicious .
this is the best pizza i've ever had .
this pizza is phenomenal .
he added meatball and ricotta .
the pizza over the years has been consistently good .
the owners are awesome and friendly .
a hidden gem of a pizzeria in tempe .
the sauce is amazing - completely full of flavor .
at a reasonable price , too !
the pizza is great .
the salad was great and the pizza was awesome .
love everything i've tried here .
our group will definitely go back .
what a hidden gem !
the sweet , homemade sauce compliments it perfectly .
be prepared to wait , by it's worth it !
best cheese bread i've ever had !
spinato 's is by far our favorite pizza !
always have a great time with spinatos .
the cheese bread is always a winner !
their pizza was really , really good .
our waiter was super nice and helpful .
it's kind of tucked away .
the pizza and service were great .
service was really great .
this is a really great pizza place .
this spinach loving pizza fan was in heaven !
great antipasto salad with house italian .
definitely a great hidden gem !
a little sweet is what some people tell me .
one salad will feed two and maybe three people .
in a word " delicious .
probably the best pizza i've had.
this is my favorite pizza in town so far .
great food , service , and atmosphere !
the spaghetti calzones are the best !
pizza was good , and dessert was delicious .
the sauce is so good and it's sweet !
best chicago style thin crust in the valley .
great place to take a date .
it does get pretty packed but so worth it .
i eat it without cheese and it's so delicious !
great sauce and the spinach gets perfectly crispy !
i enjoyed my pizza .
i absolutely love this place .
the calzones are also fantastic !
staff has always been nice and helpful .
this place is amazing !
they were friendly and very fast .
it's worth the money .
service was excellent , and drinks were refilled promptly .
definitely will dine here again !
it was well worth the wait !
the pizza and calzone were amazing .
maria was a fantastic server !
it's probably my favorite pizza in arizona .
absolutely love this place .
priced reasonable and great service .
good gluten free pizza crust as well .
great service great food .
the home made meatballs on the pizza is fabulous .
menu is packed with items so we'll be back !
some of the best pizza i've eaten .
i had n't a calzone this phenomenal in years .
all other sizes are very thin and nicely crisp .
a awesome pizza place in a funny place .
the pizza is superb .
i recommend the brownie bella .
best pizza in tempe .
some of the best in arizona .
pizza and service was very good .
spinato 's is just as good .
crust , sauce , toppings , flavor were fantastic .
service was good too .
pretty darn good place .
their pizza ad calzones are delicious !
fresh tomato sauce and ricotta cheese !
but overall very good .
very good thin crust pizza .
great garlic flavor , sauce is tasty !
delicious , not too oily and not too salty .
the sauce sets it apart from other places .
baby spinach is delicious too .
order for pick up and enjoy it at home .
and the cannoli best ever !
the delivery drivers are fantastic .
i highly recommend spinatos !
the pizza is so good .
the spaghetti calzone is so unique and delicious .
spinatos is definitely worth the wait .
it's the favorite we were told which makes sense .
best pizza in arizona hands down .
we love coming here .
both the thin crust and sicilian crust are great .
so good it's hard to explain .
meats are incredibly high quality .
spinato 's has the best pizza in the valley .
everything i've tried has been great .
my personal favorite is the get meaty pizza .
it will change your life .
kinda hard to find but well worth it .
and pepperoni & pineapple w/ extra sauce .
this was a great pizza , simple but delish !
service was great and food was good !
you will thank me later !
i was really impressed with the sweet sauce especially .
everyone was friendly , and the place is clean .
very cute and small inside .
i pretty sure it's in the sauce !
the caesar salad is great too !
their spaghetti calzone is my absolute favorite .
the tempe location in particular has a wonderful atmosphere .
great place to eat !
the best pizza in tempe !
the tomato sauce is definitely made in house .
to top everything off , the service was amazing .
very polite , efficient , and genuine .
definitely coming here again !
customer service is amazing !
what a great little find thanks to yelp !
we will definitely be back !
out waitress was super nice too .
the sausage is excellent .
i like the sweetness of the spinato sauce .
it's a treat whenever i go .
the atmosphere is very classic italian .
my favorite pizza is the famous spinach pizza .
best pizza in az .
four words : spaghetti and meatball calzone .
love , love , love this place !
pizza is sooo good .
great food and really friendly staff .
we had the spaghetti calzone and it was delicious !
it was quite tasty .
pizza sauce is sweet and amazing .
their garlic bread with mozzarella is so delicious !
spinato 's has the best pizza in the valley .
they can even make gluten-free food taste amazing .
excellent gluten free sandwiches and garlic bread !
the pizza was so good that i finished it .
another gem found thanks to yelp .
this place is legendary .
perfect crust and an omg experience with every bite .
i will definitely be coming back here .
best pizza i've had in arizona .
their sauce is so sweet and amazing .
definitely will keep ordering pizza from here .
cute place but could easily pass by it .
worth the long wait times .
they're so nice and helpful .
we love love love this pizza !
strong italian flavors and combinations .
staff is amazing & always so friendly .
and they are good .
best pizza and calzone in the area .
service is always good and the food is great .
quite simply the best pizza in arizona .
the sweet sauce blends perfectly with their delicious crust .
i love this place .
had a really good experience .
great tasting pizza and their happy hour menu rocked .
i recommend trying this place out .
we had a large pizza and it was amazing !
cooked to perfection and loaded with flavor .
this may be my new favorite pizza place !
the calzones are delicious too .
this is a five star place .
this place is the greatest !
amazing gluten free pizza !
pepperoni and the chicago just outstanding .
i've found my valley pizza home !
best pizza i've ever had !
spinato 's pizza is by far the best !
food is fantastic and service is fabulous !
i'm from chicago , and i know good pizza .
good crust , good sauce , just really good .
prices are reasonable , and service was good .
my friends both got sandwiches , that they enjoyed .
best pizza i have had yet in phoenix .
took my family and we were all happily surprised .
amazing food and great service .
i love this place !
amazing true italian food .
they always have fresh ingredients & great service .
best pizza in tempe .
the staff is friendly .
excellent pizza , with lots of variety and options .
solid service , too .
people are so friendly and super nice .
my boyfriend and i love their pizza !
hands down , the best pizza in the valley .
this place is great !
this place was quite a surprise .
everything was delicious and amazing !
the combo pizza was spectacular ( and huge .
we found our new pizza joint !
probably the best pizza i've had .
but still good food .
this place is so good .
love the hidden location .
service was fast and fantastic .
the pizza tasted great .
best pizza this side of chicago .
great gluten free pizza !
even the gluten free garlic bread was good !
the best pizza in arizona !
i absolutely will be back here .
great service and happy hour specials .
the pizza was really great .
pizza was pretty tasty .
the pizza and calzones are beautifully crafted and cooked .
lastly , service was good and prices were reasonable .
started with the meatball appetizer and it was delicious .
excellent service and the food was amazing .
the cannoli was also really delicious too !
this is my favorite pizza in the valley .
great pizza , great sandwiches , great calzones .
their pizza is incredible .
the place is good for hanging out with friends .
has a neat vintage look to it .
we also loved the food , it was excellent .
talk about good pizza !
with its amazing sweet strawberry dressing .
it seems like everything here is delicious !
great pizza , fast delivery and friendly staff .
happy hour is is the best !
always affordable and always delicious .
their gluten-free pizza is amazing !
it is some of the best i have had !
this place is so good .
they have a pretty good happy hour , too .
tough to find but worth the effort .
the overall atmosphere is great .
absolutely wonderful chicago pizza .
it is the best thing i have ever had .
light on the sauce but very tasty .
absolutely amazing pizza sauce .
so sweet and addicting .
the get meaty pizza if the pizza to get !
they make a great pizza .
first time eating here and it was great .
other than that , great service and delicious pizza .
their food is so good !
hands down this is by far the best 10/10 !
each item on the menu is delicious !
my favorite is their gluten-free pizza !
best pizza place in arizona !
so amazing tucked on a side street .
this has become my new favorite pizza place .
good pizza , delivered right to the hotel .
can't recommend any better than that !
great- now i'm craving some spinato 's !
i prefer extra crispy .
lots of windows and bright light .
i was really impressed with the spaghetti calzone .
the pizzas were delicious .
best pizza in phoenix !
sweet tasting sauce with fresh ingredients .
best secret in the valley .
definitely recommend this place !
one thing unique about their pizza is their sauce .
the meatball trio is to excellent .
best pizza in all of arizona !
anything you get here will taste great !
well be back for more !
this our new go to place .
best pizza in town !
ordered a personal pepperoni pizza and it was delicious .
will definitely be coming back !
the menu has something for everyone .
the pizza here is great !
i highly recommend this place for pizza lovers .
incredible pizza and friendly service !
new general manager , fred is awesome !
service was as well .
i'm definitely going back .
ingredients were very fresh .
the pizza was so amazing !
you can taste the freshness and the homemade quality !
i will definitely be going again !
the best pizza i have ever had .
the sauce is what i crave .
but the staff was just the best !
good service , great food .
every meal we've had there has been great .
service was great and the pizza was awesome !
the pizza is absolutely amazing !
it was the best pizza ever !
the toppings were all soooo good together .
a very yummy combination of flavors .
some of my favorite pizza .
the sauce is great .
the " other signature " is my favorite .
and now they deliver in my area .
i love this bar .
it's divey , dirty and delicious .
very divey - in the most fantastic way possible .
best bar in tempe !
the best deal in town .
be safe and happy taco tuesday !
with a great selection !
stray cat is by far my favorite dive bar !
fun environment and good live music !
wow , this place has improved !
great stage and people .
great mix of asian cuisine .
good atmosphere , friendly service .
i liked this place when i lived in az .
bamboo club is definitely a hidden gem on mill .
i was a huge fan of bamboo .
service is incredible and fast .
their thai iced tea is amazing .
this pho place is quiet and small .
i go regularly and always get speedy friendly service .
great quick lunch and you can't beat the prices !
i got the chicken pho and it was delicious .
great portions for the price .
i have tried their pho and it taste great .
the food is always great .
everything was good and service was fast .
i love their beef stew .
lots of fresh veggies on the side .
the lady is always super nice .
service is fast and she always remembers my order .
definitely worth stopping by to have a taste .
these guys are great !
the owner is the salesperson who helped me .
very knowledgeable and very friendly .
i was extremely happy with my experience .
best prices in tempe are here !
they had the best price .
i have to say that this place is great .
this could be the best kept secret in town .
great energy in this place .
i would highly recommend this company !
these guys are awesome !
thanks so much again !
this is a good corner store .
this is a great corner store .
the staff is very friendly and they are dependable .
the prices are pretty good too !
this is one of my top five .
very reasonable prices and very great customer service .
kyle is the man !
wonderful establishment with a great selection of beers .
very personable and knowledgeable .
friendly people work there too .
nice place to get lunch .
excellent place for hot dogs .
plus the restaurant in itself is great !
my favorite thing on the menu were the sliders .
added some good stuff to the menu .
the meat was good & tasty .
i love the free refills .
the place is small but clean .
( vegan 's faint ! )
best dogs bar none .
dave 's dog house is amazing !
this place is great !
a great experience for us out of towners !
place is fantastic with super friendly staff .
the macaroni dog is the best .
pretty darn good dogs worth the price .
it was quality you can taste .
this play is my favorite food place on campus .
consistent , great customer service .
definitely a place to make a regular .
plus they hooked it up for me !
these ladies are serious about great dogs .
best damn food on campus .
she makes the best grilled cheese sandwiches !
best in az i've ever had !
if you are close definitely stop and try it !
the french fries are oh so good .
great selection and gluten free options .
delicious and reasonably priced .
love , love this place .
honestly my favorite place i've visited so far .
went on a sat and the dj was great .
i really enjoyed myself .
good music , good drinks , awesome jello shots .
i enjoyed this place .
all of them are really powerful .
nice spot on mill ave , in tempe .
the service was good and food was good .
i usually just get the chicken strips appetizer though .
great live music going , one man band .
i had the fruit cocktail one , super good .
i can really tell she loves her job .
i bring friends here and they always come back !
drinks are really good here .
my favorite place on all of mill !
thank you for a great happy hour !
: p the place is kept real clean .
so pleased with today 's service .
overall it was a great experience .
always have a great time when i come here .
the catfish melts in your mouth and tastes delicious .
great bartenders and staff .
overall , excellent vibe .
everyone is really awesome and friendly .
the drinks are the best .
you got ta try it out !
love this place especially the bellini .
good happy hour with the drink prices .
i have hence tried this place again .
kudos to you sir .
great service , good food and good beer .
great atmosphere and drink selection .
heaven assisted us through the whole night !
great wings and good happy hour !
and best of all the service was unparalleled .
very nice bar tender and quick service !
this is my favorite place for frozen drinks !
the food is really good too !
and the servers are friendly and helpful !
thank you so much for being a good business !
good for big groups of parties !
place was extremely clean and bartenders had great service !
great service from our bartender brandon .
thanks to brandon for the excellent service !
first time here and i loved it !
love fat tuesdays , all day happy hour tuesday !
thank you so very much to michelle !
the quality is amazing and the service impeccable .
michelle and her folks are all fantastic .
warm friendly service is balanced with professionalism and expertise .
michelle is always great and easy to deal with .
the print quality last forever !
highly recommend this company .
jenna is the best !
it close to everything and has reasonable rates .
the employees are the best .
randy and chris rock .
this place allows dogs !
beautiful exterior - updated interior .
i'm very pleased with this hotel !
the room was super clean and smelled great .
great for the price .
clean room , big bathroom and closet .
clean , comfortable , friendly staff .
this place is awesome .
i am in love with this shop .
the shop itself , the artists , everything .
but he was patient and reassuring with me .
i think eric did an excellent job .
he is professional and just a nice guy .
michael is the best tattoo artist , ever .
harley made it look great .
i will definitely be coming back .
it was a great overall experience .
awesome job by jimmy gee .
price was honest and up front .
getting to root through everything to find a treasure ?
i loved this store .
everything is new and clean and professional .
all for great prices .
i love these guys !
very trustworthy and their prices are reasonable .
i've had such great experiences here !
the girls in the store are lovely !
oh , he's wonderful !
i had a very good experience !
the place is amazing .
he is wonderful though !
my ring looks brand new !
some have been very nice and helpful .
definitely tempe 's finest booze vendor .
the best beer selection in the area !
and trust me , you'll feel the same way .
and tops is the place that makes us happy .
hi , i really like to drink !
top 's is tops in my book .
best liquor store in the city .
the best beer selection anywhere .
the other reviews are right .
they utilize their space well .
best liquor store i have ever been to .
which has an incredible selection of brews .
pretty good place to get a keg .
i love the selection here .
friendly staff , too .
there 's a lot and it's mostly in bottles .
love , love , love .
the staff here is the best .
this place is the best !
the staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful .
it definitely has the feel of a family establishment .
good as it gets .
i always enjoy my trip there .
reasonable pricing and knowledgeable staff .
a longtime tempe gem !
they both had glasses and were both nice !
but its worth it .
there prices are the best ive seen .
they are very knowledgable and helpful .
best selection of vodka and tequila in town .
great selections of belgian beers in their cooler .
best selection in phoenix .
i strongly recommend them !
thanks for making our stay comfortable .
place was very nice and the staff friendly .
decent location to restaurants near the university .
great for a one or two night stay .
for the price , this was a great stay .
the lobby is beautiful .
very nice stay here .
staff was top notch .
room was pristine and spacious .
room survive was also great .
i thought the hotel was fine .
safe location and very friendly staff .
the room was quiet , spacious and clean .
it was hot and wonderful .
went there on a saturday and received immediate service .
pancakes were massive and delicious !
we will definitely come back !
they are pretty fast on the delivery as well .
every body , new owners !
food was good and service was fast .
server had a big smile .
tasty and timely , now that 's the ticket !
the food is great .
what an awesome place in tempe !
the staff is super friendly and provides great service .
the food and service is amazing .
the food is superb .
the environment friendly and inviting .
switched , again , to new ownership .
service was quick and the wait staff friendly .
the prices were also a nice surprise .
great breakfast and lunch menu .
great service , with a smile .
love that they deliver to businesses !
we will all definitely be back !
best japanese curry this side of kyoto .
food has always been hot and fresh .
service has been great too .
plus , it's always packed !
the teriyaki chicken is my new favorite .
the owners are super friendly and remember their regulars .
the rolls were good too .
this place is a great little hole-in-the-wall restaurant .
or heck any of their curry is amazing .
charlie is really friendly .
the food is all really tasty .
sushi is fresh and delicious .
the lunch specials are great !
great fast asian food .
place was packed during lunch .
everything was fresh and flavorful .
great place , i'll definitely stop by again !
the chicken katsu is really tasty !
and they give you good portions .
the food is great .
i love the sweet and sour .
the service is good too .
this place is fantastic .
worth coming back again you guys won't be disappointed .
a solid lunch spot .
the staff is very kind !
it's more like a family owned restaurant feeling .
friendly people and quick service .
love going to this teriyaki spot !
always quick and hot !
recommended to family and friends !
i love how welcoming they are .
i would recommend their service .
i will definitely use them again !
magic maids do an excellent job !
i would highly recommend them .
i've almost always had good service at pep boys .
fast and fair service .
full break job at a great price .
thank you brad for finding a great solution .
thanks again for the great service !
he was cool and honest .
great place to get your car repaired .
friendly people and affordable service .
their stuffed mushroom and buffalo wings were just okay .
their prime rib is an excellence choice of meat .
hope you like green beans !
great place to spend a quiet evening .
wait staff are friendly , helpful and quick .
steaks are delicious and cooked well .
sides are good as well .
the server 's are incredibly nice and very attentive .
it's casual , yet proper .
and the bread with rosemary and the butter omg !
and monti 's was delicious yumm !
i loved this place .
the atmosphere and history of the place was charming .
i highly recommend it .
good steak , good not great service , atmosphere .
: - ) food excellent as always .
it was a good dinner .
the service is exceptional !
always really liked it .
we had a lovely evening here .
fabulous dinner and great bread of course .
good food great staff and wonderful history !
this place probably has a delicious full menu .
i love this restaurant .
the food is excellent .
the service is very good .
the roman bread is delish !
this place was classic .
lots of history , great food .
we were all satisfied with the service and food !
very tasty and filling .
it was definitely a night to remember !
: d thanks monti 's !
always a good steak for the price .
steaks were cooked perfectly , sides were great .
it is so good .
i love the old photos on the wall here .
roman bread is the best !
good food , good service , and good prices .
great service good portions and a fair price .
we've been here before and it's always wonderful food .
all in all a wonderful experience .
we had a wonderful meal .
the ambiance and history on the walls is priceless .
i had a filet , and it was delicious .
i had the best time .
monti 's is a good retro steak house .
the plus side is that they use decent ingredients .
atmosphere is retro and dark which is good .
this place is simply great .
great burger and friendly staff .
the steaks were great , the sides were great .
nice ambiance and amazing prime rib !
best steaks , and authentic , historical atmosphere !
can't recommend this place enough !
no complaints here , the food is always awesome !
everything came out perfect .
the food and service was great !
i will defiantly be back !
i ordered it rare and it was super delicious .
we will come back !
great romantic atmosphere , great service !
would recommend for a great date night !
pricing is very reasonable as well .
very fluffy and tasty .
legendary landmark in tempe !
bring your family and your visitors .
everybody must eat here !
it did not disappoint !
thanks for being awesome !
our server was steve , and he was excellent .
the entree came with salad and a soup .
i was happy to recall what i'd been missing .
it's a must eat !
the service and food was fantastic !
it's very great atmosphere inside .
service is also above par .
i would definitely recommend this place to a friend !
fun atmosphere and tasty steak .
good food , really cool , old restaurant .
definitely recommend this place !
a true mill landmark .
i prefer it cooked at medium .
our server was attentive and accessible .
the steak was so tender .
we always loved it .
what a massive steak !
these guys are fantastic !
the staff are nice and helpful .
the staff here are very friendly and very helpful .
a great bunch at this shop !
great quality parts , and excellent service .
i highly recommend this shop .
i am very happy with how things turned out .
my bike is happy .
there the most friendliest and most helpful bike shop .
the older lady is nice too .
so happy for the service i had today .
the staff there are nice .
their service definitely deserved 5-star .
customer service is really exceptional .
the guys over here are great .
i love this place .
quick service , delicious food , and friendly people .
this place is very good .
filled me up perfectly !
i love sandwiches too !
the prices are great .
friendly attention and good for a breakfast stop .
freshly sliced meats on fresh bread .
best place to grab a sandwich .
they treat you like family while your there .
i love their chicken salad , so yummy !
a lot of my co-workers love them .
best choice i have ever made .
gordon & mary are the best .
they also have a great breakfast i hear .
perfect hole in the wall eatery .
this place is solid all around .
hearty comfort food at a great price .
try it , you'll probably like it .
you will get the best hot sandwich made .
gordon and mary are the nicest people .
i would highly recommend !
this place has excellent sandwiches !
the owner gordon is very nice and accommodating .
best sandwich shop in town .
love you gordon and mary !
lots of love and best wishes !
portions are generous and the coffee great .
the guy gordon that works here is the man !
he's so funny and very helpful .
knows everything there is about sandwiches .
literally , every day .
so his wife helped us out .
friendly staff that made you feel at home .
i'll be going back to this place for sure !
: ) love it !
ingredients are fresh and of great quality .
the food is always good , fresh and affordable .
i highly recommend " the truth " sandwich .
fresh mushrooms would make the sandwich much better .
the food was amazing !
friendly staff and owner !
very inexpensive for how good the food is !
love this finding places like this !
food is amazingly fresh and made with love .
ordered the veggie sandwich and it was delicious !
everything tasted fresh and service was exceptional .
this is a great local sandwich shop .
and they were pretty tasty !
it's a cute little place .
the owners are extremely nice !
what a delicious sandwich !
thank you yelp and smart phones !
the best food around .
wow , what a find .
i really enjoyed it .
the sandwiches looked incredible .
great casual dining experience .
fresh soups , cold slaw and potato salad .
perfect place for lunch !
is my favorite sandwich shop in the valley !
check out the specials , they're always great !
this is a hidden gem in tempe .
best sandwich shop in phoenix !
staff is always friendly .
best quick sandwiches around !
recently discovered their amazing sandwiches and customer service !
good sandwhich , great customer service .
gordon , the owner is super personable and friendly !
nothing fancy but very good .
inexpensive and a daily favorite .
the salads are big and very fresh .
this is the place !
it's a must to give them a shot !
wonderful little breakfast n lunch place .
very good menu selection and variety .
salads are always made fresh .
the shop rate is better than most .
good prices great knowledgeable people .
great place for any jeep repair .
i highly recommend you give these guys a try !
thank you again for an awesome job !
great prices even greater location .
bar tender is a great guy as well .
first , the staff was amazing .
the pool area was great .
overall , we had a nice stay .
they treat you amazing here .
this place is super clean .
the price is also very reasonable .
very kind and considerate staff .
prices are a little above average but worth it .
the salon is very clean and upscale .
that was the best decision ever .
the gel and regular nail polish services are excellent .
the prices are great too .
i love speedy service !
fast , wonderful service , friendly staff .
my manicure and pedicure look phenomenal .
everyone here is incredible .
katie for gels is my recommendation .
uni is the best nail salon .
i can relax and enjoy being there .
friendly and skilled nail techs .
the location is clean and spacious .
absolutely love my nails .
friendly staff and nice atmosphere .
i would highly recommend it to everyone .
everybody is pretty great but katie is the best .
angie is really good too .
great prices and colors .
great service and quality !
she did an amazing job was very talented !
we even talked just a nice regular conversation .
everyone was so friendly .
i walked in to uni nails pleasantly surprised .
super happy w my pedicure .
great place to go !
got my toes did !
i liked it here .
ill definitely be back !
they are well prepared .
all in all , i would recommend it .
the flowers and arrangements at campus flowers are beautiful !
tina is so personable and talented .
tina is always helpful and the flowers are gorgeous .
love this place always great flowers and service !
this service was amazing !
i would absolutely recommend campus flowers !
this place is amazing !
great customer service in a timely fashion !
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone !
still my favorite florist !
great for dinner parties as well .
friendly , knowledgeable staff .
great atmosphere , great food , great service .
great food , great atmosphere .
the food is wonderful and the menu changes frequently .
i've tried every on and they are all delicious !
it's also one of my favorite date places .
we love the patio and the atmosphere there .
they always take great care of us .
great spot for outdoor business meal .
this is one of my favorites in tempe .
pricey but worth it .
extremely pleasant to sit outside under the trees .
i really like this place for lunch or dinner .
the outside bar is awesome .
sandwiches and salads are tasty .
my out of town friends were surely impressed !
every meal i have had here has been delicious .
love their drinks too !
great prices and friendly service !
they have a good beer selection too .
i have had a great experience here twice .
this is my favorite restaurant in tempe .
the duck breast on special was insanely good .
the food is seasonal and inventive .
you'll thank me later .
this was a great dining experience !
i enjoyed everything about this restaurant .
house of tricks , my ray of sunshine !
hot is a great afternoon spot .
this was a really really good meal .
food is amazing and service is great !
by far one of my favorite places to go .
the flavors and combinations were unique and delicious .
a fine dining experience .
great place for drinks and/or dinner .
lots of great healthy menu options .
definitely a neat place .
what i really liked the most ?
those cute old plates they leave in every table .
this is the perfect date restaurant .
good , but not great , waitstaff and service .
the food is good - very creative .
the cesar salad is very very addictive .
it's worth going to for special occasions .
our meals were amazing .
the service was also great .
my husband also liked it very much .
this place is amazing .
i will definitely be back !
my first time here and it was amazing !
the patio was very romantic , apps were delicious .
our waiter was very attentive .
we both had the beef tenderloin , wow !
had a wonderful time .
recommended for dates and romantic diners .
the fire place is a nice touch .
great outdoor atmosphere - very casual .
even the mussels were great .
this was a great find !
great place for lunch .
one of tempe 's gems .
very chill place , but elegant without being stuffy .
the food and service were great , no complaints .
the atmosphere was very nice as well .
charming , wonderful , delicious .
unique patio dining experience in the evening .
great food , beautiful restaurant , slow service .
i absolutely love this place .
it is worth it- the food won't disappoint .
delicious sandwiches , salads , and burgers for lunch .
the salmon itself was tender , and flavorful .
food is so amazing as well as their drinks .
brought my in-laws here and they were impressed .
outside bar seating is perfect for martinis and appetizers !
great food , service and atmosphere .
i like the unique atmosphere of this place .
and quite " okay " wine list .
filet mignon was perfectly cooked on both occasions .
patio setting is great .
this place is just adorable and fantastic .
i loved the outside patio .
the menu is creative and absolutely delish .
i love the service and ambiance as well .
a bit pricey but that is relative .
i'm impressed every time i order .
the food was fantastic !
everyone loved everything that they ordered .
once again a great valentines at house of tricks .
food delicious , our server michael was great .
very nice dining experience .
great for a quiet date .
would definitely recommend for a special occasion .
perfect food and atmosphere right off mill .
i will definitely frequent this place .
this is my new favorite restaurant !
great drink list with specialty beers and wine available .
both were very good .
we also had a wonderful quail for our starters .
we went on monday and the place was jumping !
got ta try it !
excellent , excellent , excellent .
consistently wonderful service and food .
such a great vibe and intimate feel !
fantastic food and a lovely selection of wines !
definitely a place that i would recommend to others !
the menu is a work of art .
service was friendly and unpretentious .
note also that free lot parking is available .
our servers are attentive and very pleasant .
this place is amazing .
highly recommend their pb & j .
overall dining experience is quite nice .
the food is simply amazing .
the wine list was incredible .
the food was elegant and tasty .
the service was exceptional .
the waiter was knowledgable and friendly .
i look forward to our next visit !
one of my favorite places in az !
extensive wine menu and great service to boot .
all around great experience .
and it was awesome ! )
to die for food and the atmosphere is adorable .
i loved this place .
hands-down my favorite quaint romantic dinning spot in tempe .
i will try and keep this short and sweet .
we had an amazing experience last night at hot .
we had excellent and attentive service from alex .
and yes , the food is delicious .
this place is consistently wonderful .
great food and awesome wine list .
this is absolutely an amazing restaurant .
the servers are excellent at recommending wines .
all staff was very friendly .
the kale salad was fresh and delicious .
the weather was perfect for our outdoor dining experience .
the service and food are really great .
i loved the soup i ordered , really yummy !
and the patio is so pretty .
portion size was perfect for a light lunch .
nice atmosphere outside at a table by the bar .
both were very good .
he actually got some ideas from his meal .
coming back here again and again !
absolutely beautiful cozy location .
good size dinner , appetizer potions .
very tasty desserts and thoughtful wine selections .
regular menu also had some very interesting selections .
great creative menu that changes often .
great for outdoor dining .
the atmosphere is wonderful .
so romantic in the middle of the asu campus !
a remarkable and special place .
also really enjoyed the ahi tuna entree .
i loved this place !
great service and food .
the servers are very attentive and friendly .
the food is inventive and supremely well executed .
wine list is terrific .
wow what a special find .
outdoor eating atmosphere was wonderful .
i would love to go back !
everything i tried was excellent !
it was delicious and the staff was great .
fantastic food and a massive wine selection .
we also had a great waiter .
we had great service and enjoyed the evening .
always a great evening of dining .
great food , great service , great patio .
i would highly recommend this venue for your event !
great atmosphere , even better food .
mussels were terrific as was the seafood salad .
waiter was pleasant and competent .
it was just a very good experience .
went back and still excellent !
when i feel rich i'll go here .
this is a fancy place in tempe !
what a hidden gem !
ahi was sashimi grade , seared perfectly .
will definitely come back !
it is a very romantic restaurant .
food is absolutely delicious !
waitstaff is very well trained and pleasant .
best food in tempe !
expensive but worth it .
lunch is well priced and totally awesome .
but it's worth it .
it melted in my mouth !
the fish was perfect though !
i love how the menu is always different !
good food , pleasant garden setting .
service was attentive and genuine .
food was surprising and delicious .
chris was great and personable .
house of tricks definitely delivered .
the service was great and so was the food .
it's fresh and made to perfection !
the word to describe this place is charming !
such a special place .
i had the filet and it was really good .
i just really like this place !
amazing service , atmosphere , and food .
the chef is extremely creative .
the service is warm and professional .
everyone should try the mussels they are outstanding !
they have amazing service and even better food !
wonderful appetizers and great entrees and special tasting deserts .
the menu here is varied and interesting .
the appetizer selection in particular is quite good .
the drink selection is also more than adequate .
it had the best atmosphere and amazing food .
brunch on the weekends is outstanding !
excellent food , excellent service .
i adore this place !
such a great place for a romantic date !
this place was pretty good .
i liked the decor and the ambiance .
the menu is just divine and creative .
i thoroughly enjoyed my salad .
always enjoy the food , service , and ambiance .
great food , atmosphere and staff .
scallops appetizer was really good .
came to celebrate a special occasion with our family .
everything is great there !
the ambiance , the food , the service .
it is all first class .
always a good experience .
we agree with the other positive reviews .
it was an overall excellent experience .
my favorite part , was the atmosphere .
continually one of my favorite places .
good food , good service and nice patio .
both were very tasty .
served with a delicious side of fresh fruit .
house of tricks has been impressive on many occasions .
it has a beautiful patio with tons of shade .
the staff were friendly and helpful .
the food was very delicious and came out quickly .
they also have fantastic , spicy bloody mary 's .
this place is amazing .
one of my favorite spots in downtown tempe !
perfect for lunch , dinner , happy hour .
the best lunch dish is the salmon .
couldn't have been better .
cheers to my friend brad for recommending this place .
this is our regular spot for special occasions .
life becomes that much better when you do .
the best rack of lamb i have ever had !
the food is consistently very good to excellent .
service is pleasant , knowledgable , and efficient .
love the casual , beautiful , and cozy atmosphere .
the service has always been amazing .
such a lovely place .
the food is amazing and the ambiance is relaxing .
amazing food and atmosphere .
was delicious and the staff was super friendly .
best place to go for a date night !
the patio is great .
over all a pretty impressive spot .
not to mention the actual restaurant is gorgeous !
check this place out .
you will be happy .
house of tricks is great !
that was wonderful as well .
we enjoyed the atmosphere .
we recommend this location without reservation !
thanks guys for making our valentines day great .
the food and service matches it .
sat in the courtyard outside , nice ambiance .
portions right sized as well .
excellent service , food , and ambience .
my absolutely favorite lunch spot in arizona .
the chipotle pasta is amazing !
the atmosphere is beautiful .
perfect for a day when the weather is nice .
the service was great .
our server chris was very attentive and friendly .
house of tricks is a must in tempe .
great knowledgable and friendly staff .
funky atmosphere but fun .
great place for medium sized groups .
loved the arizona wine .
dinner was absolutely excellent .
both were excellent choices .
the service was excellent as well .
we will definitely return !
great restaurant , fantastic food !
the food was amazing .
servers are all very professional and pleasant .
my husband 's pork dish was also very good .
all in all it was a great restaurant experience .
the ribs were also very tender and very spicy .
the " meatloaf " was excellent .
we had the happy hour bruschetta and artichoke dip .
perfect snack with a glass of wine girl time !
best veggie burger in town .
this was a nice outdoor dining experience .
well done first impression !
the atmosphere was perfect !
we sat outside and throughly enjoyed it .
dessert was spectacular and our service was very good .
we will for sure be back !
great food wine selection and beer .
quite dining good place for a date .
lunch is high end at a reasonable price .
dinner is a bit pricey .
lunch is high end at a reasonable price .
dinner is a bit pricey .
great little place to have lunch !
service , food and drinks were all fantastic .
definitely will go back !
fantastic wine list , food , and ambiance .
excellent food and excellent service .
we got seated right away .
the ambiance was very nice on the patio .
the staff was courteous and the food was delicious .
great service from josh .
this place is perfection .
the outside dining area is absolutely adorable and relaxing .
pricy , but worth it !
we had a wonderful date there .
the food was amazing .
happy wife , happy life , right ?
service was great too .
everything we tried was great .
a lovely oasis for lunch .
really delicious and satisfying .
service was efficient & elegant without being stuffy .
we had a wonderful dining experience !
thank you house of tricks !
gorgeous setting with unique dishes .
everything is paired well with its sides .
everyone that works there is fabulous .
the food is delish and the ambiance is romantic .
good food and service both times .
and , enjoyed the outdoor seating both times .
lovely atmosphere and amazing food .
the best thing about this place is the atmosphere .
the service was excellent .
unique pairings of flavors , interesting variety of selections .
bread is amazing ( ask for extra ) .
they just nail it every year .
the food is fantastic and the service is great .
beautiful restaurant with wonderful food !
i love this place .
the food is fantastic .
the service is perfect .
and the atmosphere is wonderful .
highly recommended for events you want to be memorable !
lovely outdoor seating complete with heaters .
the lamb is amazing .
the food exceeds expectations .
food , ambience , service was top notch !
great ambiance , especially if you sit outside .
definitely will return for more tricks at the house !
the patio is gorgeous and the food is delicious .
they were so helpful , polite and professional .
the waiter paced our dinner perfectly .
what a fantastic find .
the bread pudding was excellent !
great ambience and delicious food .
the employees were nice and helpful .
delicious food , very unique in flavors .
the dessert drinks were enjoyable as well !
recommend the pb & j or the salmon salad .
all four of us loved our food .
it was a very relaxed and enjoyable experience .
the service was also great .
both our entrees were delicious .
the service was very attentive throughout the evening .
the trout was moist and delicious .
great food and great service with high energy !
the ambiance is incredible .
the ambiance was great .
our appetizers , entrees and desserts were delicious .
all in all a delightful dining experience .
treat yourself to this place !
the food here is incredible !
the ambiance is wonderful .
muscles and the korean ribs is a must !
excellent wine list interesting infused bourbon option .
the best medicine for a long week .
the atmosphere is charming and so unique .
amazing service , fantastic ambience , and wonderful food !
i am a vegetarian and my companion loves meat .
i will definitely be going back !
house of tricks was a unique dining experience .
great food and great service for reasonable prices .
the atmosphere is wonderful , the food was delicious .
it is such a unique environment .
great happy hour especially on sundays .
enjoy coming here always .
it was so worth it .
the work done was perfect .
highly recommend this place .
these guys are awesome !
very pleased with wheel specialists .
they guys were amazing to work with .
very professional and courteous .
great company and staff to do business with .
great guys with a ton of talent .
this place was extremely clean and inviting .
the staff working here were very professional and helpful .
customer service is obviously the priority here .
the customer service is exemplary .
the organization has an above and beyond attitude throughout .
quality workmanship , fair prices and professional staff .
this place has the greatest customer service .
super clean , huge and nice place .
i had a wonderful experience with wheel specialists today .
fair prices and great service .
the best experience with having wheels and tires installed .
this place is awesome .
wheel specialists are friendly and attentive .
fast and reliable service .
i've got my tickets !
perfectly breaded and deep fried .
always a great crowd and great experience .
just an outstanding example of quality workmanship every time .
bill is the best .
friendly , accommodating and reasonable .
my art looks beautiful .
they helped me with frame choices and styles .
a nice little japanese grocer .
they were helpful and made some great product recommendations .
a welcome addition to the neighborhood .
best value sushi in town .
small , but well stocked .
the staff is friendly and always helpful .
the cashier girl is cute too !
that was nice too !
nice smiling guys working there too .
i will definitely be back !
great market ; love the bento boxes .
good spot to go to when i'm in tempe .
totally worth it by the way .
it's high quality food for the price .
this is a very neat little place !
small , but nice .
the staff was very helpful and nice !
i'll definitely be coming back for more !
i am sure you will find something worth buying !
additionally , their fresh food is great .
adorable little market with a good selection of things .
really nice japanese market .
everything very fresh and nice .
prices are very reasonable .
and wow is the ramen good !
: d small but great shop !
every one is always so polite .
very cool little spot of japanese food and candy .
best ramen i've had here in az so far .
staff are nice and friendly .
and the price is super affordable .
i just love this place !
they have a great selection and many sizes .
the quality of everything i've gotten has been excellent .
this location of buffalo exchange is amazing .
it was great coming to this store .
best second hand store ever !
i can always find something when i go !
i love the vintage section !
one of my favorite places to go shopping .
i almost always find something good here .
the people there are really great .
it's good to go to both often really .
my favorite thing about this spot ?
i love it here .
they are so friendly , upbeat and love clothes .
prices are perfect and people are friendly .
so customer service was pretty good .
super cool clothing store !
buffalo tempe is the best .
awesome deals and great customer service .
they were friendly , smiley and very helpful .
other than that i highly recommend this store .
the staff is a lot friendlier than before .
it's a huge store with a great selection .
i have found some great deals and unique items .
the staff is always very friendly .
my review is for the awesome service i received !
he was very upbeat , friendly , and personable !
very pleasant and helpful !
staff is always nice .
always love coming here , best place in tempe .
i always love going to this bar .
cool place , cool music .
great haircut every time .
right in line with competition for price too .
local gang , good tempe talk if you're local .
i got a great haircut from pamela !
i would recommend ray 's .
fantastic service and excellent work .
thank you jeremy and exclusive !
this place is truly one of a kind .
the people who work there are generally friendly .
i will definitely return .
i would highly recommend everyone to go here !
this place is just amazing .
thanks again , tracy !
my repairs here are always extremely well done .
i was blown away with their honesty !
thank you tracy for your honesty !
they have strong sense of responsibility as well .
i wholeheartedly recommend this place !
i just want to give a huge thank you !
this place by far exceeded my expectations !
thank god i went to see these guys !
trust all these reviews , they are top notch .
this place by far exceeded my expectations !
i respect his honesty .
this place is just amazing .
i'm glad i did because they are absolutely amazing !
special thanks to maggie for all your help !
as good as it gets !
the employees are honest and pretty awesome !
they turn out fantastic work !
seriously this place is awesome .
works great , super satisfied customer .
my car looked beautiful inside and out .
they cleaned the inside !
i would highly recommend them !
take your car here !
absolutely best place i have ever been to !
best customer service i have ever had !
maggie is so gracious and helpful .
reasonable prices and the work is amazing .
courteous service , sweet people , family business .
been here before , highly recommended .
nice staff and reasonable price !
jeremy is awesome , ashley is super !
this place reminds me of a backyard family barbecue .
the juicy burgers and fried zucchini are great .
hot damn them 's good french fries !
basically a damn good burger at a good price .
chuck box is one of those places .
it was great then and its great now .
chuck box is awesome .
the best burgers on the planet .
i enjoyed the char grilled burgers here very much .
the meat is fresh when placed on the grill .
fries are good , but not great .
has a relaxed atmosphere .
huge , delicious , decently priced burger .
best burger on earth .
bring cash and walk away very full .
the 1/2 pound burger i had was fantastic .
my favorite burger joint in az .
good selection of condiments , too .
one of the best burgers in az .
arguably the best , freshest burgers in town .
staff is always friendly and food is always good .
great burgers , great price !
probably the best burger in the valley .
but their fried mushrooms and equally amazing .
toppings are self serve and fresh .
great big one with bacon and cheddar .
the place is good .
one of the best around .
chuck box , i love you .
but you serve one helluva good burger .
amazing burgers ; like backyard bbq amazing !
everything was delicious again !
great flavor , fast line .
at least they offer a garden burger .
the jalapeno poppers and fries are great .
get the big one with bacon on it .
oh yea this place is nice .
i love you chuck box .
the good side is the grilled patty !
that is a winner on it's own !
love , love , love the chuck box .
yeah , it's that good .
also above average : the price .
the chuck box does it right !
they were very tasty and hit the spot .
the best hamburgers ever !
one of the best local burger joints around .
its a unique experience .
the burgers are fairly priced and taste delicious .
it is usually packed .
the burgers are always cooked consistently .
the best burgers in town ?
the chuck box has consistently good burgers !
got ta love it .
the onion rings are a must .
outstanding burger with no frills .
best burger in arizona , bar none .
unique setting as well , very plain and rustic .
best hamburgers i've ever had .
everything on the menu it's fantastic .
unique environment that adds character to the meal .
it's a burger joint .
but the basics are so good .
this place is legendary .
had the jalapeno poppers they were great as well .
this place is awesome !
burgers were delish , freshly cooked , great flavor .
fantastic burgers , great onion rings .
this is my go to spot in tempe .
condiments bar is a great touch !
best flame grilled juicy burgers ever !
will def be back !
this place is amazing !
loved this lil local dive !
amazing burger and nice cold beer !
amazing burgers and chicken sandwiches .
i am a true fan of this place .
keep up the good work .
burgers done on a grill with a toppings bar .
it was very delicious .
service was also outstanding !
which is great for us .
my boyfriend and i love this place !
and the burger maker guy was cool !
large burgers that will be sure to stuff you !
yep , its good .
come get the food its great .
nice selection of burgers to choose from .
i love this place !
i love that i get to dress my own .
kept the line moving too !
also i think the waiters are friendly and funny .
had the double great big one .
small joint with local feel .
best of all worlds .
i really like this place .
a sun devil staple !
works for me though .
it's very juicy and delicious .
keep it up , & i'll keep coming back .
the chuck box was good .
the food was good and had taste .
went here with my boyfriend - we love it !
i'd recommend adding the green chili to your meal .
fries were great too .
the absolute best burger i've had .
the chicken sandwich is great too !
hands down best burger joint around !
this place is great .
but overall the guacamole bacon cheeseburger was fantastic !
this place is so yummy !
the absolute best burger in arizona .
great character , too !
love the chuck box !
great burgers , friendly people and terrific atmosphere .
another positive is the condiment bar for the burgers .
the place is simple .
i was pleasantly surprise .
love that you can top your own burger too .
one of the best burgers ever !
great grilled taste and add customize to your liking .
friendly and efficient staff .
everything was delicious beyond my expectations .
real beef ; not frozen patties !
the line moved fast despite the large crowd .
great atmosphere and all the toppings u could want .
best burger in phoenix .
the meat is awesome and grilled perfectly every time .
the atmosphere is simple and the burgers are great .
this is where you go for an amazing burger .
literally best burgers in town !
it's always packed but well worth the wait .
freakin best burgers have ever had .
kind of noisy but worth it .
it's rustic interior is charming .
it's quick and delicious .
the fried zucchini were fantastic .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
favorite spot to grab a burger in the valley !
their food is the best .
great burger , fun environment , fast and easy .
one of the best burgers i've had !
fresh , charbroiled juicy burgers !
awesome burger and great service , do it yourself .
great lunch place before the cactus bowl .
my favorite dive in arizona .
awesome atmosphere and friendly service .
the burgers are amazing .
best burger in the state of arizona .
one of the best burger places in town .
has quickly become my favorite place for burgers .
simply the best i have had here in arizona !
good experience for kids too .
the great big one is both great and big .
juicy , charbroiled goodness that melts in your mouth .
great memories , and great burgers .
the best burger in town .
this place is a legend !
been a family favorite for years !
the long line at lunch time is worth it !
a throwback in time .
also worth the trip .
arguably the best burger in the valley .
a very good charbroiled burger .
i will definitely be going back .
the experience was so good !
great quality tasting food .
this is the place !
best burger in tempe for my money !
love love loooove this place !
the bacon cheeseburger is very good .
i would recommend it to anyone and everyone .
i highly recommend this place & there burgers .
but that 's a good thing !
best place to get a burger in tempe !
the burgers are amazing !
i love the charbroiled taste !
amazing burgers in tempe !
the best burger place .
juicy grilled right in front of you .
one of the best burgers i've ever had .
they do everything charcoal grill which taste so good .
i mean that in the absolute best way .
but this place deserves it .
draft root beer was delicious too .
this place was so good !
food , done perfect !
and the ranch is so good !
i love my burger with pineapple , yummy !
this is an arizona state university classic .
straight forward , delicious and consistent !
the zucchini was my favorite between the three .
good atmosphere and great burgers !
loved the fries and their ranch !
it's home of one of my very favorite hamburgers .
so delicious and very decently priced .
good food cool people !
their onion rings are also really good .
this place is overall a great place for lunch .
this temple classic has stayed true to it's roots .
aside from his crappy attitude the place is perfect .
excellent food , fast , and cheap !
the burgers are freshly grilled at order .
fun place to go and visit .
definitely should go if you are a visitor !
it was a good hamburger .
it's a treat to come here .
keep it up guys .
i also love the prices for everything .
family member loved the the burger .
lol all in all great experience .
some of the best food i've ever had .
i love the food and the ambiance .
fresh meat charbroiled goodness !
this is a place for a well done burger .
arrive hungry and leave satisfied !
finally i have found a great hamburger place !
it's a simple recipe for success too .
make great burgers and have a great location .
highly recommend this burger joint to the world .
has a condiment bar as well .
it was an excellent joint !
burgers were great juicy and huge burgers .
definitely visiting when i'm in town again .
the chuck box is a tempe classic .
great service , good prices .
i love the smell of leather goods !
great service and affordable stuff .
prices are decent and the selection is really good .
cheers to you gentle strength !
i loved that place .
the muffins were huge , moist and delicious .
the best auto repair experience ever !
i appreciate his help as well as his insight .
thanks , doug b .
randy is always very considerate and helpful .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
honest , clean and professional .
recommended auto shop for sure .
nothing but positive interactions with everyone there .
i've always been satisfied with dominos !
that was awesome , and easy to use .
staff is friendly enough !
i love the pasta bowl , they are awesome !
this domino 's location is awesome !
the pizza is great though !
this is the place !
i recommend dominos pizza or the pasta bread bowls .
would recommend them anytime !
they were extremely professional and courteous .
i recommend them to my family and friends .
this was an excellent experience .
they were reasonably priced and did great work .
it's wonderful to look forward to the rain again .
what a great little shop with great customer service !
great little shop with excellent customer service .
great little spot with a friendly , knowledgeable owner .
love , love this place .
not quick , but freshly cooked food .
friendly employees , good food , and decent prices .
best fish and chips in az .
huge fan of the fried shrimp and cocktail sauce .
the staff was friendly and real .
please for your sake try this place and enjoy .
this sub shop is awesome !
i love the lay out of this place too .
the staff is all friendly and down to earth .
these guys absolutely deserve my repeat business !
these guys just keep getting better !
wow nobody does this !
what a great surprise !
thanks for keeping your word stephen !
keep up the great work !
great $ $ deal and great car .
people are great and the service here is great .
all the best to you !
and you thanks again !
ask for ken in service , he's great !
we are very happy with our vehicle purchase .
this is the best place to buy a car !
thanks so much guys !
thanks steve for the top notch service today .
best car dealership ive ever had to deal with .
highly recommend this place .
that is rare these days .
i was really impressed with this place .
i love this car .
great people to deal with !
came here and got great service .
quality work and quality service .
i have always felt that as well .
jack is the best .
jack is simply the most honest mechanic !
jack , thank you very much .
really a great guy and very knowledgeable .
great shop and excellent service .
you should feel at ease taking your car there .
well done jack and team !
all the mechanics are great too !
constantly great service and great price !
i'd definitely come back here and recommend it !
this place continues to rock !
great little lunch place .
locally and family owned and operated .
nicest people in the world .
i really like this place .
well sooner turned into later , but guess what !
i had the chicken bacon ranch .
thank you very much .
his team is quick , accurate and professional .
i highly recommend them for your printing needs .
thank you again , jimmy .
simple kindness goes a long way in my book .
well done and keep up the great service !
this is a great bar .
good mix of people .
big bar in the heart of tempe .
very open and airy .
great alternative to your typical place .
ok so amber m. put it perfectly !
looks really cool inside .
actually , best subs ever .
heaven on earth if you ask me .
these guys like beer and it shows !
the staff are the best !
i'll definitely be back .
customer service was very good and friendly .
the room is clean , modern and very comfortable !
in addition , they have great complimentary breakfast !
great clientele and surrounding area .
enjoy your stay here recommended highly .
the staff is also good .
i have found my dentist !
fred is very friendly and professional .
the experience was great and speedy .
highly recommend to him .
instead , we got personal attention with great suggestions .
i really like the vibe in this place .
my new favorite happy hour place !
wine , and authentic italian dishes for appetizers .
this is one of my favorite italian restaurants .
great ambiance , wine and food .
but when it is , bring it !
great dinner destination for a date .
the new location is way , way better .
this is one of my favorite places on mill .
happy hours are always crowded but totally worth it !
i think their sandwiches are great !
their bread is freshly made daily .
the food was good , quality was excellent .
thank you caffe boa , we will be back !
the food is amazing !
one of my new fave places .
serious foodies here , tasty stuff !
multiple courses of creativity , flavor , style .
i find the menu creative and seasonal .
the decor is tasteful .
very highly recommend caffe boa .
very friendly and attentive service .
the menu is pretty cool .
for starters , we shared the warm mozzarella .
not great but pretty good .
kind of a unique dish .
they also had some unique wine .
we sat outside to enjoy the beautiful weather .
will definitely be back .
a true example a lovely european bistro .
amazing , amazing , amazing !
i love caffe boa !
the food is amazing .
the sunday brunch is a must .
great for dinner on the patio .
one of my new favorite places !
we had a great dinner this evening .
we will definitely be back for more !
the sangria was amazing and so was the bruschetta .
my experience overall was really great !
will def go back numerous times !
what a great spot !
the wine list is fantastic .
some interesting eastern european wines and a super-friendly staff .
i've always loved caffe boa .
the new menu is back and better than ever !
( it was a personal favorite ) .
i also ordered the daily special crab salad .
the idea was great with local grown micro greens .
nice atmostphere that can handle both fun and intimate .
i still come here to explore new dishes .
every ingredient is fresh and every bite is flavorful .
i will definitely be back again , and again !
one of the best places on mill avenue .
sophisticated food using local ingredients .
great place for a date in tempe .
but this is a good option .
we definitely will go back !
still a wonderful place after all these years .
it's worth driving up from tucson !
excellent wine list and drinks .
the service has always been kind , and prompt .
their food is flavorful , fresh and unique .
great wine list and a fun ambiance .
the food was good for dinner .
everything was apparently made with fresh and quality ingredients !
cafe boa is a step in the right direction .
the food was fresh and creative .
overall , good food .
good martinis , great ambiance and great food .
i highly recommend the gnocchi .
it's melt in your mouth good .
don't let the kale scare you , it works .
bianca and i had the lasagne and meatball .
i loved our server .
she was spot on with her recommendations .
great service , great food , sold .
i will definitely be back .
this is always a big plus in my book .
keep it up jay !
this place is a gem .
love this place - a total gem !
great wine list and great food !
the food is amazing !
the patio was quaint and charming .
perfect for a date night !
i most definitely be returning to cafe boa .
i love caffe boa !
taylor gave great service .
our server , rachel , was the best .
everything was wonderful and we will definitely be returning .
live music is a big plus when available .
wow sangria half price , what a deal !
sat outside and it was very pleasant .
i love this place !
we stayed and had a very nice relaxing lunch .
my burger and salad were delicious .
some of the best food i've had !
the staff was very knowledgeable and quick !
atmosphere was peaceful and refreshing .
great atmosphere , sweet staff , nice live music .
all around a happy sunday brunch .
i love coming here when i can .
although it's quite expensive , it's well worth it !
both very personable , attentive , charming .
thank you , ladies !
it was an incredible experience .
what was even more amazing was the service .
the drive is worth it !
a beautiful little hidden gem off of mill avenue .
but the food is consistently delicious !
one of the best restaurants in tempe .
liked their wine list .
i love this place !
these guys are very knowledgeable , accommodating and fun .
and their mussels are great .
excellent dinner and dessert .
great service great restaurant !
the food , as always , was great .
the setup worked perfectly for the guests to visit .
we had the best time !
we will definitely be back thanks to those two !
of course it's awesome !
nailed the spaghetti and meatballs !
simply the best lunch special in town !
very fresh and organic food .
beautiful patio and interior .
lunch has a great deal .
amazing for such quality food !
first , our server " jess " was fantastic .
a surprise for tempe .
very comfortable , generous portions .
the atmosphere is really cool and laid back .
the staff is very friendly and attentive .
she's funny and very attentive .
it's always worth the wait though .
the curry dishes are also quite tasty .
overall , a great find in tempe .
inside it is very clean , small but cute .
their curry is amazing !
sums up the food .
i definitely advise thai basil to anyone in question .
the food was great and the service was fine .
i must say , i really loved it .
it is so flavorful and large portions .
one of the best restaurants in the valley !
the thai basil with tofu is so good !
their spring rolls are really good as well .
the thai basil is good too .
this restaurant is one of my favorites .
this place is worth the wait !
they delivered , my food was spicy and delicious .
best thai in tempe !
the people are soooo friendly and everything is delicious !
other dishes are good and they are reasonably priced .
this place is awesome .
this place offers excellent thai cuisine .
their curries are particularly good .
i love thai basil !
heaven is really a place on earth !
good warm soup for a cold day !
good to share with groups .
friendly place to eat .
the food was excellent .
their rice is fantastic .
i love love love this place !
lunch specials moderately priced , and awesome service .
the ingredients are fresh and the food is light .
and the food is delicious .
the pad thai was inedible it was so sweet .
interesting texture and good flavor .
they yellow curry is delicious !
excellent stir fried and curry dishes too .
the service was good and the food arrived quickly .
good selection and excellent food .
this place is so good .
the experience is always been wonderful .
quick and friendly service every time .
i love the university location .
i crave i pretty often .
great price and food is always fresh .
also their purple rice and mango desert is awesome !
second , it's good .
this is one of the best thai places !
service is good and fast .
the price is great , too .
great food there too !
thai cuisine , especially curry is spicy .
thai basil has the best lunch specials !
be good to yourself and try thai basil .
one of my favorite thai restaurants !
this location kicks the other ones ass !
there curry is excellent !
the food is solid .
it is super fresh .
it has a ton of flavor .
definitely worth a try .
the service is usually friendly and passable .
good place for lunch and good service .
the owner and family are great to deal with .
lots of good food .
close , easy and good .
great red curry , pad thai , and rice .
the food is crazy delicious .
will definitely try again .
their food is always fresh and comes out fast .
i love mine spicy and it's usually perfect .
i could eat here every day , i think .
the curry is my favorite .
the thai iced tea is perfect .
this is as good as thai food gets .
spicy noodles were delish .
food is out fast what more can you want ?
great food and a wonderful price .
wonderful spring rolls and great service .
awesome and highly recommended !
it was moderately good and it was cheap !
friendly staff and very clean .
love this chain of restaurants .
this place was amazing .
both were amazing and so different in flavors .
one of the best place to have thai food.
the curries last for multiple meals and are fantastic .
service is also good .
excellent thai and inexpensive !
the wait staff was very attentive and sweet .
you got it with a smile !
wonderful fresh thai , period .
good place for lunch esp their lunch combos .
food is delicious , good prices and nice people .
the food is awesome !
everything is perfectly cooked and flavored well .
service is great too .
the dishes that i have eaten here are excellent !
my valentine 's date brought me here last year .
plus , their thai iced tea is so good .
searched yelp and found this gem .
this place is the best !
large portions , spicy , and great prices !
very fair pricing and great thai .
great for lunch and dinner .
favorite thai spot for sure .
great thai for a great price .
food here is generally very good .
very quiet and cozy place .
we had crab puff appetizer also tasty and enjoyable .
my favorite thai restaurant in town .
i always go with the crystal noodle !
it's a strong move .
which is a rarity nowadays .
i recommend the food highly .
a great place in the college town .
the green curry is soo good .
the food arrived and was excellent .
i will definitely be back .
great dinner spot in tempe .
i've always had good food and good service here .
the red and green curry are both delicious .
one of my favorite thai restaurants in tempe .
always crowd , but fast .
dollars so that 's good .
wonderful cozy atmosphere and quick service .
i enjoy eating here very much .
their spice level is very good .
i would also recommend their sweet purple rice .
they are always friendly .
medium is actually pretty hot .
the service was excellent and fast .
it's insane how much food they give you .
we had a great meal here .
the place was packed !
each dish was really good .
silver noodle salad takes me to a happy place .
but this one wins .
by far the best tasting pad thai in arizona !
i love getting take out .
pad thai , definitely get that !
the spicy noodles and pad thai were excellent !
good food , descent price .
i definitely recommend eating here , delicious .
positively in love with the green curry here .
good portions , fair pricing .
great curry & the coconut soup is the best !
we love this place .
i love thai basil !
food was amazing , flavorful and came out fast !
i love this place !
really great food here .
service is good during non peak hours .
they can be packed and worth the wait .
first time here and i was very impressed .
all in all a very nice dining experience .
keep it up thai basil , you rock .
service is great , food is great and speedy !
always have good experiences here .
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
our server she was very nice .
tasty and big portions !
we love this place !
i love the green curry !
always great food and service .
i will definitely be back .
good value for the money , too .
i would recommend both of them .
both were well prepared and delicious .
i ordered delivery through grub hub .
it came with a side of jasmine rice .
very pleased with the flavor of the food here .
they'll bring it over to you !
food and service was pretty good !
the people are great too !
thai basil on university dr is absolutely delicious !
it will light your fire .
this place amazed me !
the curry was so flavorful .
i will be back for sure !
their selection is great .
lovely service as well .
i eat here all the time !
food is always awesome !
fantastic chicken fried rice and pad see ew !
my favorite thai place .
the atmosphere is nice .
old town books is so awesome !
an honor system in this day and age ?
and it was in very good condition .
such a sweet person .
we definitely will be back .
truly the best place to go on mill .
definitely going to make this my regular eyebrow place .
i now have two attractive manicured eyebrows .
also , very inexpensive .
great place , they care about their customers .
always helps me choose out presents for formal events .
still a great place for indian grocery items .
service is still friendly and nice .
super fun to be really drunk at .
the crab cakes are delicious .
my favorite bar in tempe .
grab a pint and a table outdoors .
i like this bar because of it's outdoor focus .
bonus points if you find out she's actually adopted .
young crowd because of it's proximity to the university .
nice place to meet people or people watch .
always a good time .
the food definitely made up for the slower service .
casey moore 's and i have a complicated relationship .
the clientele is varied and full of regulars .
it is truly " the perfect bar " .
often times the specials that are offered are amazing !
great food with local feel .
happy hours with co-workers you're into that too .
i'm always jealous of those people .
great place to start and/or end the night .
this is my favorite bar in the entire world .
i met a lot of people through there .
it has a great atmosphere and great staff .
what a great great bar .
it is such a chill place .
the crowd is always a great mix of people .
great bar with mediocre food .
i couldn't believe it the first time i went there.
this place has a really beautiful grounds .
really , i come here for the scene .
the food is good , and at great prices .
i love this place .
in summary , a pretty happy experience !
i had never gone she loves the place .
i had wings , i liked them .
dinner hours are almost always accessible .
good prices and plenty of drinks on tap .
nice relaxed place with a diverse crowd .
the menu is full of seafood .
the outdoor patio is what makes this bar great .
i love the vibes of this bar .
great atmosphere and a true bar experience .
this is definitely my favorite bar in tempe !
of course the oysters are fantastic .
casey 's certainly can attract an interesting bunch .
tasty standard bar food .
casey moore 's is authentic .
the conversations alone are worth a visit .
and have always had fantastic experiences with the servers .
thank you baby jesus !
my favorite restaurant/bar in arizona .
strong pours from the staff .
a rare combo in this town .
nice ambiance and eclectic crowd with good food .
all in all a good time .
casey 's is great .
it's always a fun and interesting crowd .
the bartenders are good if you're there for drinks .
the food is great as well .
you will love it !
great patio , laid back atmosphere .
this place is just so cool .
and the service is always great .
a little hipster , but worth it .
especially good in october , after tour de fat .
this place is definitely good people watching haha !
house with good food , service , and drinks .
i just love casey moore 's .
overall , a great experience .
i love neighborhood bars !
a great break from the norm in tempe .
their food is stellar .
the bartenders and service is great .
the drinks are phenomenal .
i love the atmosphere at casey 's , outside .
this is the one downside .
great place to get your drink on !
great place for a beer !
awesome outdoor seating and great food !
i finally got a chance to eat here .
i love casey 's .
love the outdoor seating !
the food here is pretty good .
i enjoy drinking outside .
my favorite bar in tempe .
the food is great and the music is great .
staff , very nice , and clean .
easy to make friends .
atmosphere here is perfect .
best crab cakes i've ever had .
nice beer selection , good mixed drinks .
nice casual atmosphere with friendly servers .
this is a cool hangout .
casey moore 's is one of my new hangouts .
i love the atmosphere .
most of the staff is very friendly .
great menu - lots to choose and great service .
that is just a personal preference for me .
excellent place to eat or day drink .
love me some phoenix !
i love this place and always have .
the atmosphere is romantic , perfect for a date .
amazing food and great beers and cocktails .
that is customer service at it's best .
this is what a perfect staff looks like .
raj make crispy happy .
place is pretty awesome .
nice and laid back crowd .
it gets kind of loud in there .
one of my favorite spots in tempe .
great place on sunday afternoon and sitting outside .
the oysters are perfectly crisp and huge !
this place is my absolute favorite !
the crowd and staff are extremely friendly and inviting .
both were very tasty .
i love the location and atmosphere of this place .
they also have a full bar !
good beer selection and they also have good food .
fabulous crab cakes and oysters .
the patio is fun and casual .
prices are reasonable for the quality of food .
the patio area is really nice .
the inside is nice but it's a tight squeeze .
best outdoor bar in tempe .
such a great environment .
great place to hang out .
they have a very nice patio .
talk about a huge wrap around patio !
food was great and moderately priced .
i loved the mozzarella sticks for an app .
i love this place !
it is probably my favorite place in tempe .
i enjoy going to casey moore 's .
very fresh and large oysters .
pretty good selection of food .
ambiance is really nice .
excellent food and oysters .
my all time favorite bar of all time .
keep it up casey 's .
he definitely enjoys the darts !
this restaurant is amazing .
great sized oysters for a great price .
unique atmosphere and good selection .
fun crowd , cool environment , and great food .
the burger was so satisfying .
the fish and chips were also fantastic .
but i liked this place a lot !
love love love the vibe of this place !
my favorite bar out this way .
the best i've ever had .
bartenders are really nice & chill .
i loved their mozzarella sticks .
welcome hipsters , one and all .
good selection of been , including some local brews .
huge fan - love this place .
they also show the world cup games .
love , love , love casey moore 's !
i love casey moore 's .
it has more of a hipster vibe for sure .
they are really very delicious .
still worth stopping in though .
fish and chips were very good .
fish sandwich was very tasty .
the food is pretty good too .
the fries are the best though !
the happy hour appetizers are definitely a steal .
i love casey moore 's .
i love their french dip sandwich as well .
love their oysters and marinara shrimp boat .
a solid tempe pick .
comfort food with a snap .
i dig this place .
the wait staff is always really friendly .
i will be back !
nearly everything is good here .
the raw oysters were very good and reasonably priced .
it was perfectly done and very tasty .
good food and good prices .
best server i've ever had .
very friendly and accommodating .
got ta love this place !
cool spot to hang .
good for you guys .
beer selection was good .
i love this place .
this place is epic .
great place for a laid back , casual dinner .
the portions and presentation were very nice .
everything was really good .
our server was polite and informative .
great ambiance and customer service .
so unique and laid back .
some of the best oysters i've ever had .
it was a beautiful day to enjoy their patio !
nonetheless , it definitely worth a try !
this is the perfect bar to call home !
i love this bar !
i had crab cakes and clam chowder both delicious !
laid back environment with great conversation .
i had the french dip which was great .
good food and music , too .
i totally recommend this establishment for any gathering .
this place always delivers .
this place was good .
we ate outside , which was beautiful .
i love this place .
good food and friendly service .
the oysters rockefeller are great .
the cocktail sauce was very good .
the rockefeller oysters were very tasty with the bacon .
this place has amazing seafood !
the oysters and shrimp cocktail were so fresh !
one of my favorite places in tempe .
service was particularly efficient and friendly .
the food is good .
the price for oysters are fantastic as well .
i could easily eat a dozen and be happy .
great place , excellent food menu and beers .
great location and service .
their food is consistent !
but they're huge and fun to do with friends .
which i think is hilarious .
the atmosphere is cozy and warm .
hot , tasty and no salt !
good local watering hole .
kind of a hipster irish style pub .
large dog friendly patio with a rad happy hour .
this place is so cool !
everyone here loves to chain smoke .
the food is good and the atmosphere is comfortable .
oysters here are fantastic !
with that said , this place is really cool !
the food was great .
best spicy bloody mary !
we both enjoyed ourselves so much !
best bar in tempe by a long shot .
my husband and i enjoyed lunch here .
great hangout place in the spring and fall .
great spot for informal dining .
the fish and chips is very good .
extremely fresh and really tasty .
the mozzarella sticks were also really good .
definitely check it out !
cool spot for friends or date night !
the food was good and the service was great .
excellent oysters and excellent service .
i also love the service .
will return again and again !
great place no bs fixed it quickly !
overall a pretty positive experience .
it was done right and ready to go .
the online tools that are offered are absolutely perfect !
they are a good value for service they provide .
the staff were fantastic very helpful and polite .
this subway location is inside a gas station .
customer service is very good and very attentive !
this sandwich place is so good !
the ladies are always super friendly !
best salads , sandwiches and soups .
it was really good .
all the veggies were super fresh and cooked perfectly .
the person working the counter was so friendly .
this was a great little find !
one of the best hidden spots in phx !
best kept secret in the area .
their chicken rice soup is really good too .
not my all time favorite but definitely up there !
my favorite mexican restaurant around .
my favorite mexican food !
unlimited chips , bean dip & salsa - delicious !
definitely try this place !
the food was good .
very unique mexican joint .
everything on the menu is tasty .
reasonably priced , and very filling .
the service was great and our entrees were wonderful .
beef taco was the best .
definitely would visit again .
service has always been good every time i've gone .
good option for mexican food .
their machaca taco in particular is great .
some horchata would really hit the spot !
there 's a fair amount of options .
overall , it was a good dining experience .
the margarita cupcake was also really nice !
we do really like it .
we got our favorite booth , without even asking .
loved the spinach enchiladas !
salsa is very good .
price is on higher side .
this is the best mexican place in town .
lots of options available including veggie .
somewhat outdated interior , but still pleasant .
significantly better than your average mexican joint .
the food is great , super tasty .
kudos to all of the employees !
food was delicious , no mistakes .
waitress was a delight and kept our beverages filled .
chips and salsa are great !
as well as the service and food .
it's nice and quiet and the servers are fabulous .
i love this place !
some of the best mexican food i have had !
the chicken chimichanga was amazingly flavorful and delicious !
great chips and salsa .
wanted to lick the bowl !
bean dip was delicious !
affordable and great lunch specials !
the service was good .
hostess , server and staff were attentive and friendly .
i ate here yesterday after a friend recommended it .
the rice was amazing !
lots of flavor and a bit of spice .
overall , i recommend this place .
the owner was very friendly and helpful too !
service is good and the chips are always refilled !
the food is always delicious and fast .
we are always impressed and satisfied when we leave .
great place for a quick dinner .
literally my favorite mexican restaurant ever !
keep up the good work serrano 's !
best bean dip in the state of arizona !
it's a family thing every time !
but even better service !
will be going back for sure !
had a good time , would go again .
i just love joe 's .
service isn't always perfect but the food is .
this place is awesome !
i will definitely return to this restaurant !
come see ya self !
the service was great .
the chowder was pretty good .
the fresh berry cobbler was very good .
all in all a pleasant experience .
the food here is always great .
the atmosphere is very fun and family friendly .
surf and turf burger is terrific .
staff always friendly and well trained .
so far had the bucket of shrimp outstanding .
it's a great atmosphere for a fun night out .
and of course the food is delicious !
our servers were always friendly and attentive .
try it for casual dining and a good time .
i love coming here !
great food and the service is always perfect !
it's always fun eating at joe 's .
he was excellent and very attentive !
place looks better staff very outgoing food is amazing !
service was fast and friendly .
it was good as always .
he liked the ambiance and music .
he loved the dancing , he actually joined in .
anyway it was good and we enjoyed dinner here .
service was great and everything was delicious !
what a great place !
amazed with the customer service .
we really enjoyed our visit .
great food and service !
good service and reasonable prices .
the crawfish were good and spicy .
it's ok its his first day .
got seated quickly and waiter was lots of fun !
our experience tonight was full of awesome surprises !
our first experience with joe 's crab shack .
the dipping sauce was so delicious .
we definitely refer our friends and family here !
make sure you make reservations it gets packed .
shared a steam pot with cajun seasoning .
much better than red lobster !
they have a nice kids menu .
clam chowder is good !
i love the crab cake chipotle cesar !
this is a meal in itself !
this is actually my first time here .
the food was so delicious !
overall a really cool guy !
it was all good .
the food was fair to good .
the food was very good .
i was actually surprised with joe 's .
the crab cakes were phenomenal !
the place is huge with a lot of room .
servers were ever smiling and always friendly .
happy hour on tuesdays is the business !
on a light note , joe actually works there .
the service was nice .
everyone seemed to enjoy the crab .
i thought our meal was tasty and worth it .
our server ( adrian ) was amazing .
the food is always fresh .
great staff & great food !
everything was so tasty and our server absolutely perfect .
brittany , our server was wonderful .
thanks to all the waiters who served us .
this place is one of my favorites .
the staff was very friendly and accommodating .
i highly recommend az auto doctors .
these guys are the best .
they are honest , dependable and quick .
this place is the best shop , hands down .
i recommend them to my friends all the time .
these guys are really first-rate !
i'll agree with the other reviews on here .
these guys are honest and straight forward .
they have helped my toyota van run well .
ryan is very knowledgeable and knows his stuff .
great customer service , honest and affordable .
i love this place .
i always recommend this place to friends and families .
wow customer service at the finest .
this is my favorite neighborhood italian restaurant .
this is italian food at its best .
he puts his passion for life into his food .
great food in a great setting !
im a fan of papa 's .
family owned , quiet , quaint place .
we love the vodka pasta !
personally , i loved this hotel .
everything is new , clean and modern .
well , i'm impressed .
it's very well kept and the temperature was perfect .
great access to and from airport too .
marriott has their stuff together !
i love this place !
the room were nice , spacious , and clean .
his single room is bigger than my first apartment !
the staff was extremely friendly and helpful .
the pool was clean and well kept .
nice lil beer bar .
probably the best pizza in all of tempe .
it's a small restaurant with a friendly staff .
i recommend the spinach pizza .
what a great hidden gem .
try it , you can thank me later .
my husband and i loved the pizza .
great pizza and wine place .
the pizza is european style .
seriously , seriously , seriously good pizza .
i have really become a fan of this place .
very good pizza from the wood burning oven .
the service staff and cooks are very friendly .
we always have a good time here .
but well worth finding .
a great place for date night !
oh yes , it is and is fantastic .
i crave their food !
all came out perfect .
this place is a total hidden gem .
thin crust and perfect !
would definitely give it another shot .
i love this place , simply just love it .
everything i have tried here is fantastic .
this is the best pizza in phoenix .
this place is delicious .
the service is consistently good .
they also have a unique beer selection !
it's definitely the best pizza place in close proximity .
love classic italian pizza .
great service , prompt and friendly .
warm , comfortable restaurant .
it is very under rated and very good .
it is worth a visit .
it is worth it .
i love this place great wine very nice atmosphere .
one of my favorite pizza places .
great wood fired pizza and wine list .
pizza is a bit pricey , but very tasty .
fantastic pizza for tempe .
decent wine selection as well .
this is the epitome of an excellent local pizzeria .
this is our favorite pizza place !
it's tempe 's best kept secret !
the four meat pizza is amazing !
i was very very impressed by their margherita pizza .
this pizzeria was already highly recommended by my friends .
always great friendly service and always tasty food .
good beer and wine selections .
shopping center being torn down so classic is moving .
i hope they come back !
still a great place for pizza .
awesome service and great pies .
i think this property is fantastic !
i find myself recommending this location to friends .
i had a great experience with this company .
sincere honest and trustworthy .
i love honest people .
from the minute i called , i was impressed .
very pleased with the service !
very professional , quick and efficient .
super friendly as well .
punctual , knowledgeable with excellent service .
great customer service , on time and well priced .
outstanding service from a punctual and personable tech .
thanks , e & j !
he was very nice and helpful .
i would recommend e & j !
we really did have a great experience !
great service and a very nice guy .
everything in the other reviews is so true .
what a pleasure to deal with them !
a friend suggested e & j to me .
i highly recommend them .
thank you so much !
good people and good service .
they are very reasonably priced and friendly .
would highly recommend using them !
i am so pleased with their service .
they are the best .
you've got a customer for life .
team at e & j were great .
this is one awesome appliance repair company !
mike was a real pro , timely and efficient .
ask for mike , he is outstanding .
e & j was fast !
she clearly explained their fee policy up front .
brad was a sweetheart !
you guys are awesome !
most importantly , their work is top notch .
i highly recommend them .
install was fast and very clean .
i would highly recommend them .
i would recommend this specific location to anyone .
thank you to a wonderful stress free experience .
i find myself recommending this location to friends .
they are very professional and experienced .
reasonably priced , great value for the services provided .
doctor rick is an excellent , caring vet .
that 's way more important to me .
i always refer my friends and family to them !
their office staff is wonderful too !
definitely a great experience !
dr rick is great with my dogs !
the office is very friendly and thorough .
then my family moved to boston .
well run for being a city ran facility .
i train myself and clients here as well .
thumbs up to the management team here .
lots of events are held at this park .
huge park , well kept grounds .
this park has everything you could possibly want !
it also has beautiful scenery !
i enjoy taking classes here .
plenty of things to keep a family entertained .
the staff is friendly and accommodating to our needs .
overall i enjoyed my experience here and will return .
affordable and good for beginners .
the course is well maintained .
got ta love kenny mac !
love this course and golf there frequently .
it's also a great place to have breakfast !
other than that everything is just right .
great stay , next time i'll stay here longer !
very clean nice fixtures .
such a nice touch .
modern decor , very nice hotel for the price .
beds were comfortable , rooms were very nice .
complimentary breakfast is available in the morning as well .
stayed here for a night just because .
the staff was also super nice and funny !
i would definitely stay here again !
clean and updated room !
the buns are delectable , and a perfect compliment .
meat quality is good .
really good chocolate shake .
once again very friendly people .
clean establishment and great food !
the burgers are so juicy and cooked to perfection .
they have a condiments bar with fresh vegetables .
the fries are my favorite of all time .
this has been my favorite for years .
had a great meal with the family .
fish was moist and flavorful .
got sweet potato fries also .
fries were very good .
good juicy burgers and great buns .
makes for a great date night !
very nice and clean .
they're flavorful and juicy .
place is clean and staff is friendly .
one of the best burgers .
thinking of it wants me to go right now !
the staff is friendly it's clean .
and it's by my house which is sweet !
love the fries , good staff .
light , crispy batter and fried to perfection .
the condiment bar is clean and well stocked .
forgot how good they were .
awesome staff very friendly very attentive .
definitely will be back more often .
girls are very hot here .
needless to say he was also impressed .
one of the best i have ever been to .
great stage and performers .
great atmosphere and drinks .
the girls were also very nice .
the staff is great .
i would recommend these folks before going anywhere else !
delivery time was amazingly quick .
pizza was good , and hot .
drunk food never tasted soooo good !
he was very nice , and sounded sexy !
almost always awesome service .
the pizza was warm and delicious .
highly recommend it for fast friendly service .
their online ordering system is great !
much better than some other chains around here .
best pedi i have had in years !
under new management and doing a great job .
very clean , very willing to accommodate .
i super adore angel !
her staff is amazing !
they do excellent work and for a reasonable price .
thank you angel your amazing !
very friendly and accommodating staff .
location is convenient and prices are reasonable .
strongly recommend this place .
best spray i've ever had !
love love love the color !
the ladies who work there are super friendly !
the employees here are so helpful !
they are always helpful and friendly !
great service at this autozone .
great manager , steve .
would recommend this store .
the paint match was perfect .
my jeep looks great and i couldn't be happier !
overall the apartments are great .
shout out to rich at the front desk !
all in all a great place and i recommend .
we are so grateful for such an awesome experience .
the food is very , very delicious .
brad and his staff were amazing and so accommodating !
the food was delicious !
we will be calling them again next year !
they are very polite and timely for all communication .
always right on point .
this is my favorite indian restaurant in the valley .
this is probably our favorite indian food restaurant .
the staff are very welcoming a friendly .
service has always been friendly .
her and her husband frequent this place .
i thoroughly enjoyed my meal today !
i brought my car to master tech collision .
thank you master tech collision !
this shop is great in many ways .
and their service was very polite as well .
i will recommend these guys to all my friends .
this place is the absolute best !
i give this place a thumbs up !
thank you , dr. kim !
i would recommend him to anyone for anything .
tommy hooked me up with a solid deal .
the hot and sour soup is great !
it is a good typical chinese take out joint .
decent , fast chinese food .
new favorite take out place .
great burgers and even better fries .
bars are nicely finished and drinks are inexpensive .
lined bartender is a nice and easy going gal .
it was cooked well and tasted awesome .
all in all , a great experience !
this is your spot .
they're tasty with a bit of a kick .
baseline sports bar is a great environment .
good prices on drinks plus friendly and attentive staff !
met some coworkers here and had a great time .
great selection of music !
the food is very tasty for bar food .
the place is clean .
this place was great !
definitely a favorite hangout .
nachos are some of the best we've had .
discounts for team sports , too !
staff is very friendly .
i love this place !
great music and good location .
the staff is great and super attentive .
right in my neighborhood .
a really relaxed and friendly environment great service .
and really great wings .
i had a great experience here .
service has always been incredible .
they always have the games on .
i had the reuben and it was done nicely .
the fries were also tasty .
angie is very personable with everyone .
the clientele is diverse and loyal .
this place is a true gem .
great menu and service .
an extremely good value for your money .
maria takes great care of us every time .
omg it's my new spot for good .
i'd recommend him to anyone who needs work done .
i have been enjoyed my experience with apple one .
very helpful employees ( derek you're awesome ! )
& fantastic hotel accomodations .
clean rooms with a small living area .
bedding is clean & comfortable .
the actual hotel is nice and rooms were clean .
i stayed here on business a few weeks ago .
sam & amanda were perfect at the front desk .
we will most definitely stay here again .
the room was clean and very comfortable .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
we'll definitely be back !
the staff if great and super friendly .
the breakfast is amazing !
front desk staff very friendly and helpful .
the room was very clean and quiet .
i enjoyed the separate living area .
thankfully the air conditioning was working perfectly .
what a great deal .
i was very pleased with my stay .
the staff was friendly and accommodating .
the staff and teachers are amazing .
i highly recommend bethany christian school !
clean , super fast and generally well run .
it's quick trip , just like any other .
but as a convenience store it's the best around .
food always hot , service always good .
i will visit again very soon !
thank you for that great surprise !
this place is awesome !
this nail salon is wonderful !
i would recommend everyone to come here !
they're always quick but accurate with it .
but they best i've had so far .
painless , quick and neat !
my nails looked great when she was done !
super fast , friendly , affordable and professional .
hard to come by a good nail place anymore .
warm , friendly staff and great prices .
friendly and awesome service .
the salon owner is very delightful and attentive .
will definitely be coming back !
the coconut shrimp is awesome .
has some great habanero seasoning with the salad side .
the cashier was friendly and helpful though .
the frosty is good also !
the food was good as always !
great taco bell location overall .
great service and food is always fresh .
super authentic sonoran cuisine .
you win again taco bell .
keep up the good work girl !
the new staff is incredible !
great job premier auto !
just to check it .
once again , this place is amazing .
i highly recommended the folks at premier .
bob ( and his team ) are all stars .
the best nail salon i have ever been to !
i will definitely go back here !
the staff is friendly and the place is clean !
also the hours are great !
everyone there was very nice .
customer service is great .
this place does a great job !
she did a great job ) .
love this place though and will be going back !
service is very friendly and fast !
i love panda express .
i love this place .
the pool is always nice .
the online stuff is very helpful and fast .
these guys are awesome !
they do it right the first time .
they do it right every time .
thanks for being honest michael .
good guys , great service , reasonable prices .
i had a great experience at red seven .
thank you red seven !
i recommend these guys highly .
" as good as it gets " is right !
awesome staff with timely call backs and service .
will definitely stay there again .
comfy beds , nice staff , good location .
the price was reasonable as well .
this place is amazing .
the room was absolutely beautiful and very clean .
very well kept and we'll run place .
a nicely organized hotel !
i am extremely pleased .
everyone was very helpful and friendly .
the staff is very helpful , friendly and funny !
awesome classes and instructors !
this is the closest place .
i love this studio .
it's truly a great place .
this place is amazing .
i knew i was hooked by my 3rd class .
the studio is clean !
and above all , their class schedule is huge !
everyone is happy to be there .
this is a really good bikram studio .
but other than that i love this place !
by the ron is awesome .
i absolutely love this studio !
it is a very clean yoga studio !
love love love this place .
thank you for the classes .
this place is incredible !
overall , it's very great experience in here .
the instructors are very knowledgeable and helpful !
he was very encouraging and made me feel calm .
came to this office thanks to groupon !
thorough is the word that keeps coming to mind .
i had a great experience at both offices .
very nice place to go .
this place is my spot .
i do love this place .
breads are freshly baked right there .
good bagels and a fair price .
great way to start the day !
they also do catering !
will definitely be returning .
great place for a good and quickly served breakfast !
great place for a good breakfast !
the price is good and the service was wonderful .
this store is for you !
found exactly what i wanted here .
customer service is amazing and very friendly .
range of price points and styles .
i'm very happy we found this gem .
thanks yelp and other reviewers !
love , love , love this place !
great place for a cheap meal .
even the roasted chicken is great .
sucks they had to go and do that !
quick and easy cheap hair cut , great quality !
totally will go back when in the area .
walking anytime and get a good hair cut .
these guys are really easy to work with .
it was a great price and high quality work .
thank you dr. reed for being so great !
everyone makes me feel welcomed and comfortable .
dr. reed is amazing !
found dr. reed through great reviews on yelp .
i received a thorough examination & solid treatment recommendations .
i highly recommend reed chiropractic !
dr. reed and his staff are great .
dr. reed provides excellent care .
plus , he has an amazing bedside manner .
dr. reed truly is phenomenal .
i could turn my neck , thank god !
he is a great listener and very knowledgeable .
he also has great referrals if needed .
so far so great .
awesome customer service and quick repairs !
love going in here .
competitive prices , coupons , dedicated and helpful staff .
great staff and very friendly !
thank you again to the petco staff !
thanks for the service !
very friendly and helpful staff .
this place made it easy !
its very organized and they are very helpful .
they have reasonable prices and friendly customer service !
great selection of wood and very friendly and helpful .
it is one of tempe 's best hidden bars !
very fast and friendly service !
homemade sides and desserts !
we eat at toms pretty often .
fair prices , excellent food and friendly service !
just returned from a delicious dinner at tom 's .
the brisket with the spicy sauce is fantastic !
the macaroni was perfectly cool and creamy .
the service is great as well .
go for the food and enjoy the friendly service .
best ribs in tempe .
brisket is also great !
this place is awesome .
awesome bbq and the pulled pork is on point !
my first visit and i love it !
clean , happy , welcoming wonderful place !
so glad i found it !
overall , good experience .
the jalapeo mac-n-cheese had a great kick to it !
this place is great !
i ordered the rib tips !
literally everything looked good on the menu .
the bbq smell is the best !
this placed has good bbq sauce and rib tips .
my wife had catfish and ribs and loved it .
we sampled the rice beans and it was excellent .
the service provided was also fantastic .
she was so much fun and so welcoming .
some of the best bbq ribs i've ever had .
the meat was so juicy and flavorful !
got beans and mashed potatoes on the side .
and talk about service with a smile !
what an upbeat group of people staffed here !
this is the spot for chicago style bbq !
quality and taste are always top notch .
the fried pickles are amazing .
incredible bbq , fantastic service .
the service is great .
service was pretty quick .
the brisket is great , excellent sides too .
enjoy tom 's , you'll be glad you did .
really delicious and great service .
i always have the best experience at tom 's .
always friendly and the food is always the best .
great lunch at tom 's bbq !
juicy , fresh , absolutely made with love .
you can tell the cook loves what he does .
amazing italian beef and the staff is amazing .
great barbecue place one of the best in tempe .
best pulled pork sandwich i've had !
my wife enjoyed the crispy chicken sandwich .
however , this place offers great quality hair services .
i always use the same person , carl .
he is professional and does a great job .
the stylist are so nice and diverse .
i will definitely be back .
fast service there today .
food was fresh and hot and very good .
it's usually good food .
the staff is friendly .
this place has the absolute best egg salad sandwiches !
we will certainly be ordering from apple junction again !
great staff : friendly and understanding .
worth every second of my time and money .
thanks mike s. for all your help .
so far , so good .
he was a wonderful man and sales associate .
i highly recommend working with him .
the issue was fixed and now working fine .
had a great experience with this dealership .
everyone i worked with was great !
great job service and oil change department !
i recommend chapman chevrolet !
then i visited chapman chevrolet and was thoroughly impressed .
the attention and service that i received was outstanding !
we are good to go .
she is amazing and treats you like family .
my experience was excellent in every way .
send me away a happy customer .
i was totally happy with the deal i got .
he made sure i received the current promotions .
i had a fantastic experience at chapman chevrolet .
great gas mileage and such a smooth ride .
beyond amazing service from all those mentioned above !
service department is pretty awesome .
we highly recommend keith and matt at chapman chevrolet !
staying positive right now .
very patient and answered all my questions .
dan in finance was awesome definitely worth the wait .
he was super nice and answered all my questions .
i was very pleased with everything .
joe is knowledgeable , personable , and fun .
if you're in the market come see joe !
everyone was very friendly and helpful .
the staff were very professional and friendly .
it was a very positive experience .
make sure to see jennifer !
this is a strict service review !
addressed the problems and turnaround time was excellent .
we will absolutely be bringing our cars to chapman !
great efforts to earn new business !
and got top dollar for our trade in !
kudos to brian and the team at chapman !
i'm always so happy here , thanks !
my experience was wonderful .
best dealership experience in my life .
i would recommend them to anybody .
very honest and straight forward .
best car buying experience ever !
the best car buying experience ever .
this is the man who can get it done !
convenient location , consistently professional and courteous .
very pleased with service .
kind , respectful very refreshing .
honestly it has been the best experience !
i recently moved from dallas .
they did a great job !
this location is a decent one .
was greeted and acknowledge right away .
i will come back to eat here again .
i'd recommend storage west - baseline to anyone !
this place was amazing !
this place is just awesome !
just great people doing great things .
best experience i have had with a storage company .
i would highly recommend this office !
i recommend him to all my friends .
he is very professional and very knowledgeable .
he is gentle and knowledgable .
best well woman exam ever .
he doesn't mess around and gets it done .
the doctor was amazing and professional .
i will definitely be returning .
exceptional service and quality .
he is a real character and an honest man .
i will definitely recommend this place to my friends .
great integrity and work ethic .
i love this staff !
the staff was friendly and cordial .
i have found a florist for life !
we will definately use you again .
i recommend it to everyone !
was recommended this salon through a friend .
this place is awesome , and worth every penny .
the owner is awesome too !
morgan did a fantastic job !
i found a winner in altered ego !
this is my new place !
i love coming here !
altered ego has great staff and i recommend it !
thanks yelpers , you were right on target !
i highly recommend her to anyone .
( and thank you tara for recommending her ! )
it's close to my house and had great reviews .
i absolutely love this place .
they are both amazing !
i will definitely be coming back again and again .
she also does great color .
i absolutely loved this salon !
terri gave me an amazing cut .
i highly reccommend this place and terri .
i love this salon !
she will make you look awesome , i promise !
such a sweet and outgoing women !
the salons energy is upbeat and extremely fun !
all of the staff is efficient and friendly .
tina is the best !
i feel so confident about her artistic ability .
i would highly recommend checking this place out !
she is amazing with color .
topher has been my stylist since my first appointment !
i love this salon !
it has an awesome atmosphere and great stylists .
i would highly recommend topher .
he did an amazing job on my blonde highlights !
definitely go see topher !
this place is pretty much the shit .
i definitely recommend her !
she listens to what you want and always delivers .
definitely recommend this salon .
please do go see amber .
you'll become her next loyal customer .
great place for gel nails !
brandy does an awesome job !
not to mention , brandy is very creative !
they're beautiful and the compliments never stop !
thank you , brandy !
i absolutely love the team at altered ego !
she truly has a gift !
i love her and highly recommend her to everyone !
the staff was knowledgeable and friendly .
it was a great experience .
nice fade and clean lines .
topher is attentive and listens to his clients .
i highly recommend topher - he's absolutely fantastic !
she is the best hair stylist i've ever had .
this salon is amazing !
love the decor , and the overall atmosphere .
come check it out !
i would recommend anyone to pay her a visit .
one happy girl i am !
the whole salon experience was fantastic !
i love her and i will be back .
i love love love this place !
now i'm a regular client !
this is by far the best salon !
the salon is clean and everyone is so friendly !
this place is it for sure !
magnificent place and great staff .
i have definitely found my permanent salon !
found my new fave salon , thanks guys !
i'd highly recommend her .
she did a great job .
cool place with funky coffee shop attached .
thank you to my friend for the referral !
i was extremely happy with the salon !
she is that spectacular .
lauren was my stylist and she did amazing !
came back and got my hair cut from terri !
she did an amazing job with my haircut !
love love love her !
its nice getting compliments on my hair now .
his knowledge and craftsmanship are beyond perfect !
i will definitely be a repeat customer .
excellent gym that has everything i need .
i appreciate that a lot !
the bathrooms are clean big plus !
the staff is always friendly and helpful .
the employees are very friendly and engaging .
i just love this place .
it's very well kept and maintained , though .
you can bring your own lock .
staff is always very nice .
this is a great target store .
it is clean and well stocked .
the employees have always been nice and helpful .
this is a great target .
fresh food and meat , everything .
but , still always open at most times .
this is always our 2nd choice target .
they have great employees that are always helpful .
the customer service was excellent !
the store is always clean and we'll organized .
sometimes there are some good books too .
i loved this place !
this place is amazing .
prices are good , selection is amazing .
authentic mexican made products .
good deals on artisan items .
he is friendly and thorough .
this shop always goes above and beyond .
fast , friendly service .
this place offered great customer service .
thank you so much !
solid work , solid dudes .
this is my second trip here .
had a great experience here .
the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .
i most certainly be back !
john g took great care of me .
everyone in firestone was friendly and welcoming .
great staff and friendly service !
keep up the great work , mark and staff !
got an alignment and oil change .
great service and good price .
great service from all of the staff .
great price , great service , and quick too !
overall , very satisfied !
i'm really happy this place was open .
this place is perfect for classic chinese take out .
the delivery man was really nice too .
we'll definitely be ordering from them again .
favorite menu item : the curry beef roll .
staff is very nice , too .
a great place to stop by for lunch .
they deliver on time and are very courteous .
this is my new favorite chinese take-out joint .
this is my favorite fast food .
decently priced , fast service , and they deliver .
their honey dipped chicken is ridiculously good .
good food and great prices !
this place rocks for veggie lovers !
food is delivered fast and hot on arrival .
pretty decent chinese food .
happy to find these place .
would definitely recommend the vegetable chow mein .
they are fast and convenient , friendly and accommodating .
best chicken chow mein ever .
tender , flavorful not greasy .
great egg rolls and their tofu is outstanding .
the crab puffs however were amazingly great !
i was actually pleasantly surprised .
food is consistent and prices are good .
done both pickup and delivery .
always surprised at how fast the delivery times are .
my favorite chinese food place !
what a fantastic establishment .
they delivery fast and their food is quite good .
the portion are a lot !
this place never disappoints !
the drivers and staff are always friendly as well .
the service here is great .
the food itself was decent .
overall , good food and great service .
i'll definitely come back before long .
clearly the best dq in the area .
newly updated fresh and clean .
and her attitude just flawless .
i will definitely be coming back !
they did a super job .
cheap prices , amazing service .
excellent service for a great price .
i highly recommend this business .
this is a great place for vacuum repair !
great service and reasonable prices !
a recommend for sure .
people are friendly and service is pretty quick .
i've found myself going to this bar ever since .
this place is perfect .
chill spot for drinking with the boys .
they are absolutely fantastic !
i'd recommend this place to anyone .
this place honestly kicks ass .
comfortable and friendly dive bar !
i have first hand experience as a working parent .
the site is so safe and clean - too !
school year education plus fantastic summer program .
check out bethany learning center today !
the dog park is awesome .
keep up the great work !
carrie and dr. hatch worked wonders !
hatch family dentistry is great !
they do great work !
i'm so happy we found them .
these baristas are always super friendly .
its bliss in a cup !
the baristas always friendly and kind !
yep i will keep coming back .
they are always fast , friendly and smiling .
, but no , perfect every time .
quick , friendly service .
they always get your drink right .
the location is clean .
i really enjoy this location !
clean and the employees are very nice .
always awesome and fast !
my daughter loves your packaged salads .
my son loves the banana granola bars .
this is the best grocery store ever !
they did a nice job expanding this location .
clean , upbeat and tasty .
i love this place !
we'll each make a pizza - soooo delicious .
and the samples and wine selection are great too !
staff is always awesome .
but for quick and easy meals , its great .
best customer service ever !
it was great deal for a case of wine !
good selection of healthy foods .
excellent wines at excellent prices .
it's all good at trader joe 's !
i love love this store !
the employees are extremely nice and helpful .
i love this place !
lots of good , healthy food options .
everyone that works here is super nice .
go check it out !
i love this trader joe 's !
it's got the best in whole , organic foods .
i absolutely love trader joe 's .
i wish it worked that way !
favorite place to shop , hands down .
i love you tj 's !
the daily samples are fun , delicious and creative .
this one is prob my favorite location !
good service ; good product .
love the fruits & veggies -- always fresh .
they also have great deals on wine .
service has always been cheerful and friendly here .
the staff is so friendly and helpful .
trader joes - always a fun place to shop .
what a great store !
it's a nice change from the big chain grocer .
i love this store !
i love tj 's .
i also get my sweet treats here .
staff has always been really helpful and quick .
very knowledgeable and helpful .
a trip to tj 's is always a treat !
staff always super friendly and helpful .
good selection always very fresh .
some great vegetarian selections and food ready to eat .
the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .
overall though , great store !
i can only say great things !
polite staff and well stocked store .
by far my favorite trader joe 's .
the layout is great .
very easy to navigate .
it's a great supermarket .
we love this place !
such a fan of this store !
i love trader joes !
the staff is so friendly as in most .
these are so delicious .
i feel i want to buy them all .
i love trader joe 's .
please build one in south chandler .
however everyone who works at this location is great .
i love the wine selection .
came in this store with my service dog .
great staff and so helpful !
good products and produce .
there is always something new to try .
the employees are helpful and seem happy to work there.
their breakfast sandwich croissants are sooo good !
it was really good .
love , love , love the croissants here .
greatest pastries on earth !
great for breakfast and lunch !
this place a pleasant surprise !
plenty of parking and there 's also free wifi .
the sweet croissant was pretty good too .
the croissants are so good .
this place is amazing !
i will definitely be coming here again !
i was pleasantly surprised .
my croissant was deliciously buttery and flaky .
in that light they are excellent .
this place has the best croissants i've ever eaten .
their filled croissants are awesome !
be sure to go early for best selection !
i got a croissant sandwich .
it came with chips and a pickle .
the croissant was very flaky and light .
i will definitely come here again .
these croissants are the best !
the people were also extremely friendly .
really enjoyed this place .
selection was really good .
croissant sandwich was really good .
service was really good .
great little restaurant for lunch or breakfast !
( still upset about that ! )
both were very , very good .
yummy breakfast sandwiches on delicious , buttery croissants .
croissants , croissants and more croissants !
tastes great for breakfast .
what a great little establishment !
i highly recommend this little spot .
, and they make great coffee drinks .
its a testament to how good their pastries are .
had a very light and flavorful breakfast today !
the coffee here is amazing .
this place is amazing .
my personal favorite is the almond croissant .
i think this place is great .
fantastic staff , and good food .
good coffee too , with free refills .
this bakery was super cute !
their croissants are so fresh and so tasty !
the owner is such a genuine and welcoming person !
nice staff , good prices , food and service !
get there early for the best selection .
friendly guy at the counter serving up delicious croissants .
and did i mention how amazing these croissants are !
friendly service and lots of options .
i am very particular about croissants .
both were excellent with a light , tender crust .
we will definitely be back !
roast beef and cheddar - delicious .
love the gooey cheese on the fresh croissant .
everything else was fantastic and the croissants were delicious .
i will definitely stop by again .
the service is good and the servers friendly .
the best chinese restaurant in tempe !
so delicious and super great service .
fantastic hot and sour soup .
my favorite chinese restaurant in phoenix .
best lemon chicken ever !
always great quality food at reasonable pricing .
great sizzling rice soup in town .
the service is good , fast , friendly !
their prices are reasonable and service is friendly .
nothing fancy but consistently good .
i love chinese food and this place was good .
this place is great !
our favorite is the lemon chicken .
excellent pricing and fresh veggies .
i love this place !
you'll find lots of local people here .
good sign that the food is good right ?
very good southern chinese style food .
also their steamed fish is good too .
i love wong 's place .
it's well worth the drive .
everything is good that i have ordered so far .
the service is very good .
definitely worth checking out !
i had the won ton soup and crab puffs .
this place is fantastic !
the salt and pepper chicken wings is ridiculously good !
great place to go for chinese food .
perfect place for take-out .
i love this place for a few reasons .
absolutely the best chinese food you will ever have .
wong 's is the best place for lunch !
their specials are the best in the valley !
the owner is always on site and helping .
staff is super friendly !
we love wong 's !
abundant portions and a spice level i enjoyed .
great food , great prices .
it is authentic and i love it .
i love this place .
they have good customer service too .
best chinese food ever !
food is delicious and authentic .
wong 's has been a family favorite for years !
i love wong 's !
we absolutely love wong 's .
what a steal for a dinner for two !
great service and atmosphere as well !
my family and i love this place .
one of our favorite chinese spots in the valley .
the sizzling rice soup is amazing .
good service and good food .
the sauce was amazing .
best chinese food i've had !
the garlic fried rice was full of flavor .
this was good , too .
love house deluxe wonton soup !
so sweet and salty !
still a place i eat at now .
recommend getting fish fried rice .
our dish was delicious , hot and fresh .
we enjoyed it immensely .
we highly recommend this place .
this place is as good as it gets .
authentic hong kong style cuisine .
and always great service .
the service is great also .
best chinese food in the valley .
they have great flavor .
and mr. wong is so sweet .
deluxe house chow mien is great !
it was something new .
i recommend this place highly !
the food is fantastic and authentic !
i seriously love this place .
their servers are so nice and work extremely hard .
i love the chinese menu .
they make the best shrimp with scrambled eggs .
it's the best in the area .
the food is outstanding though .
wong 's has the best chinese food in town !
the waiters are very friendly and accommodating .
it has become a regular stop for my family .
decent price good selection , sushi bar .
this is one of my favorite places to eat .
the staff is very friendly and hospitable .
i would recommend this place any day .
just went there today with some friends .
yet another trip there today .
yes , it's greasy , but you'll leave full .
the food is great i love the crab legs .
my husbands loves the clams and oysters .
they had crab legs and i got my fill !
for the most part , this restaurant is good .
sushi is great and i love the shrimp .
this is a great school !
is the staff nice and knowledgable about rocks ?
yes and was very nice and considerate .
it's what you would expect , it's fast food .
most importantly , it tasted good .
love the spicy chicken .
great service it has improved their service .
great staff and food is fresher now .
what more could i want ?
i wanted the good stuff !
anyways , came in here and everything went fine .
they have good prices on parts , too .
their prices are competitive and they're friendly and helpful .
james was a great salesman and very nice guy .
amazing service at this parts store !
best and most helpful hardware store i have visited .
thank god i live almost across the street !
try it , you'll like it !
much better than the big box stores .
i've always been impressed by their staff and docs .
i'll definitely return for future shots and check ups .
they have always been so friendly and welcoming .
thanks everyone at baseline animal clinic .
great place to bring your babies !
they are very nice , knowledgeable and compassionate !
fast and friendly service .
very tasty & i will be back !
keeps me coming back for more !
definitely the best seafood in the desert .
very pleased with the ceviche section .
it is on the spicy side .
this is the best seafood mexican in phoenix .
also , very reasonably priced !
great fresh mexican seafood .
shrimp diablo was phenomenal .
great drink specials during the week .
really nice family running the place .
shrimp are fresh and tasty .
best chile relleno i've had in a long time .
i love this place .
they serve authentic mexican seafood dishes .
the service was fine .
i'd definitely recommend it .
love fish taco wednesdays .
they have fresh fish and good service .
you guys are the best .
this is a hidden gem of a restaurant .
the best molcajete in the area !
staff were friendly and helpful .
authentic cuisine reasonably priced .
will definitely go back .
we truly enjoyed our meal and ordered family style .
we also had the peppers and they were excellent .
very filling but also lite .
this place fit the bill nicely .
very authentic , with warm staff and delicious food .
loved the shrimp fajitas and loved the cactus salad .
clean , simple , delicious !
the ladies are so nice .
fresh flavors , excellent service .
best ceviche and shrimp cocktail !
restaurant looks very authentic and colorful .
rellenos are very good .
best pool store in the valley .
great prices and helpful staff .
this place is definitely my go to pool store .
good prices on most things here .
this place is amazing .
they are honest and reasonably priced .
this is such a great place .
they sell the better quality products at good prices .
most of my neighbors now go there as well .
nice locally owned business .
always good to know they are honest !
talk about awesome customer service !
keep up the great work !
these guys are great .
these people are as honest as they come .
they could have easily sold us a new pump .
excellent local company that provides great customer service .
a+ for customer service .
dr patty and her entire staff are fabulous !
she is one in a million !
service & care is wonderful .
they are also reasonably prices and accomodating .
i really recommend this vets .
the staff is so attentive and caring .
dr. patty is the best .
the service was nice , fast , efficient .
dr. patty is wonderful !
but she was just wonderful !
so patient , so calm , so understanding !
she is reasonable and doesnt charge a fortune .
a true gem for our furry kids .
i love this place so much .
the staff there is incredibly friendly .
they truly care about you and your pet .
killer authentic mexican food .
well worth the money you spend .
these truly are the best tacos around .
best mexican food in the phoenix area .
the meat is so good .
the carnitas and lengua are great .
the staff is also very friendly .
the food is reasonably priced and delicious !
the tamales were amazing .
i will definitely be going back .
everything is always delicious , love their rice .
prices are decent for mexican food .
the food was very good and not greasy .
the staff was very hospitable and entertaining .
all my friends enjoyed theirs .
very good mexican food !
the green chili plate is also a great choice .
the drive through window is a nice plus !
my whole family loves it .
its also fast , and inexpensive .
amazingly good mexican food for the price .
a great lunch destination in south tempe .
the mill and baseline location is excellent .
she was spot on !
the pollo fundido is indeed delectable and decadent .
this place rules , my favorite fast mexican place .
also the chips and sauce are delicious .
this place has amazing chicken flautas .
i love , love , love them .
the atmosphere is nice and it's always clean .
clean and quick , lots of choices .
good deals , good food .
it was perfect for the party !
you are a great organization .
some burros is pretty darn good .
other than that this place is pretty good .
the tacos are good too .
the food is tasty and very reasonably priced !
awesome horchata as well !
hopefully they've perfected their recipe since then !
this is just good family food , nothing fancy .
he grew up going here and loves it .
its a cute little restaurant and packed .
this place is great !
i would highly recommend this place .
good , fresh and tasty mexican food .
a family owned restaurant with old family recipes .
best green chili on the market .
everything i have ever tried was great .
great fast serve mexican .
definitely a good weekly treat .
also , the place looks fantastic since the remodel .
the chips and salsa are fantastic .
everything tastes fresh and comforting .
the place is always neat , clean and friendly .
super fast friendly service .
the bean burrito is really good .
the fish tacos are pretty good too .
it's consistent and it's clean .
seems to be pretty popular .
love the service and food here !
a great place to frequent for lunch or dinner !
food is amazing and authentic !
the margaritas are worth using a gift card .
great food , great prices .
the horchata is really really good .
great serves and happy workers .
fantastic food and service .
the carne street tacos are delicious .
the service was friendly and personal .
will definitely try again .
order a soda , and you're good to go .
good food decent size .
pretty solid little lunch spot !
love the enchiladas and burritos .
this place is consistent , friendly and clean .
get extra hot sauce !
i love this place !
tried it again today because recommendations were so good .
the pollo fundido is fantastic .
a great family restaurant for nearly thirty years .
decent lil mexican place .
perfect for a light meal and margaritas after work .
the pollo fundido is amazing !
i get it every time i eat there !
pollo fundido is top notch !
love the hot sauce !
we all enjoyed our lunch .
i like the food here !
friendly service and family feel to the place .
it was super delicious .
the physical therapist anthony is very thorough and knowledgeable .
everyone was so nice and caring .
this place is amazing !
everyone has great energy and is very ongoing .
the staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
this place is amazing !
everyone has great energy and is very ongoing .
i would recommend to friends and family .
all the staff is friendly .
i love this place !
i saw her three times and she is phenomenal !
very clean as well !
this place is amazing !
everyone has great energy and is very ongoing .
i would recommend to friends and family .
ok , so filiberto 's is my kinda joint .
: ) the beans and rice were also good .
i'll definitely be back .
i love their salsa and breakfast burritos .
best kids meals in town !
it was a great meal .
always a great meal .
it is just filling enough for me .
it is just perfect !
i love filiberto 's rolled tacos .
this place is the slam !
best morning burrito on this side of town .
such a good value .
i absolutely love this place !
they are simple , yet so good !
this location has the best carne asada fries !
the management staff here is very good .
this place is great !
every experience i had while living here was wonderful .
happy holidays and marry christmas .
it is a great community with great people !
thank goodness , since it is close to home .
such nice people - especially ryan !
i love this place .
quick service , great food , clean restaurant .
really getting to love this place .
i love you rubio 's .
the salmon burrito is delish as well .
absolutely love this place .
it tasted light and healthy .
thanks for good , quick food rubios !
delicious , quick meal !
my family and i love this place !
the food is really tasty and affordable .
the staff had always been very good and attentive .
best fish tacos in az .
what a great gift !
loved the grilled shrimp chipotle orange salad !
the food here is delicious !
love the salsa bar !
love the iced tea !
my favorite is the roasted chipotle !
nice place to come during lunch breaks .
best chicken chopped salad ever !
i will definitely be returning to this location !
i thought this place was very tasty .
could use some more chips but otherwise very good .
did a great job .
would definitely recommend these guys !
easy , up front pricing .
top notch job at a great price .
great service and great work !
but the customer service it was very good .
top notch tint job again .
best bang for your buck in the valley .
would recommend these guys to anyone .
i'm very pleased with my windows .
i highly recommended their services .
i highly recommend them to anyone .
i highly recommend tracy 's for any body work !
tracy 's was amazing !
i highly recommend this place .
chip is great , very personable and professional .
true professionals and a business you can trust .
super nice people , truly care about customer satisfaction .
very friendly people and very competitive price .
they were done on time with great communication .
big thanks to everyone at tracy 's !
they did a nice job for a great price .
they were nice to work with .
great people and awesome work !
it's a little pricy , but good .
the service is fast .
i used to frequent this spot quite a bit .
easily my favorite fast chinese in arizona .
the food was very tasty and reasonably priced .
this food was great .
all in all it's worth going to .
the sesame chicken , the orange chicken are amazing .
it is always super packed at night time .
nice little spot with modern decor and good lighting .
the portions are huge and tasty .
the service brisk and friendly .
good value for your buck too .
we were both really impressed .
better quality and flavor .
this is my favorite asian restaurant in tempe !
the manager seems really cool and attentive .
i am good to go after that !
the food is fresh and plentiful .
fresh ingredients , atmosphere , friendly service !
i love this place .
the service is always great .
the manager is extremely friendly .
nice cool lettuce with flavorful chicken filling .
i love this restaurant .
i would recommend this place to anyone !
i absolutely love tott 's .
all around great restaurant !
the flavors are terrific .
the atmosphere is great .
better , faster , higher quality .
this is a fantastic restaurant and very very healthy .
my wife and i will definitely go back there .
i love this place !
it has undoubtedly the best orange chicken in town !
always great food and great service .
i will be going back this weekend !
i highly recommend the spicy chicken pad thai .
tott 's is a good local chinese joint .
i will most definitely stay a loyal customer !
i'm a tott 's fan for life !
still the best asian food in town .
tott 's has the best orange chicken in arizona .
dishes are served with brown rice and generous portions .
omg so good and huge servings !
what an incredible meal !
my kids love eating here .
more authentic than pei wei .
great for college students .
everyone there is very friendly and helpful .
great food for a great price .
and the people are so awesome .
new location same good food .
customer service here is also impeccable .
i had the orange chicken and it was good .
liked the brown rice option .
this place was clean and has good food .
broccoli and beef great .
great food , good value .
wonton soup is awesome and a meal in itself .
i also recommend the panang .
i will definitely go back .
i love this place .
this is my favorite chinese food place !
the beef and broccoli is perfect !
the employees are very nice and helpful .
fantastic service and amazing food !
definitely will be coming back .
always perfect and fresh every time !
this is my new favorite chinese place .
we will absolutely be going back !
great , simple , friendly , great service .
i love the service .
i ordered a pad thai extra spicy .
great staff , cheap prices and healthy choices !
great service and orders are ready super quick .
food is very fresh .
if you like chinese you should be very happy .
i highly recommend the sesame chicken .
the food was delicious overall .
the food is amazing and the service is fast .
the prices are good and the portions are huge .
staff is friendly and the food comes out quick .
one of my favorite places for lunch .
these guys are so great .
i love tott 's !
it really is good food .
it's great for the price too !
great for lunch or a fast casual dinner .
extremely reasonable for the quality of food you get .
my boyfriend and i love this place !
best place in the valley for sure !
thank you for such amazing food !
my wife and i love this place .
the food is always fast , fresh and delicious .
love that they offer brown rice .
everything is clean and the food is very fresh .
great food , nice ambiance , good customer service .
they are friendly and their food is fresh .
the spicy island chicken is a good choice !
they're always so accommodating and helpful !
tott 's asian diner is definitely a must try !
it is so much better than pei wei .
definitely somewhere you should go .
for fast casual chinese food , this rocks .
i love this place !
friendly staff , and extremely fast !
i love this place !
keep up the great work !
we will definitely be back !
right spice level for me and tasted just right .
portions are good size and prices are reasonable .
staff is friendly and service was prompt .
the portions are extremely filling and tasty .
excellent tasting fried rice and their tofu is amazing .
well worth your time and money .
great price , good location , quick service .
the food was fast and fresh .
the service was great !
really good fresh asian food .
very generous portions for a great price .
i will be back again !
i love this place .
they happily obliged and we all laughed about it !
the food is great .
i love this place .
clean , affordable , fresh , delicious .
honestly my favorite chinese restaurant of all time .
i love this place .
has awesome food and menu is easy to use .
the food is cooked right when you order it .
i just love this place !
great food at a very competitive price .
i will definitely support tott 's again !
my husband loved the spicy crispy beef .
this place is worth a visit .
really really good asian food .
great americanized chinese food .
the food is amazing for the price .
this is the place !
i'm a total regular and very proud of it .
it's nice to support a great , local business .
best chow mein ever !
excellent flavor and good amount of spice .
the orange chicken is phenomenal .
really good asian food , served up fast .
good alternative to the panda option .
the best chinese food ever !
great fast food alternative .
great place for a nice , quick meal .
the wife and i shared excellent pan fried dumplings .
great flavor , texture , and large portions .
the staff here is great .
great atmosphere and the staff was super friendly !
i will definitely be coming back for more !
nice mom & pop feel !
it had good flavor .
i have enjoyed several appetizers and lunch courses here .
one of my favorite locations for a quick lunch .
besides the food being delicious and prepare as ordered !
really good and quick asian food !
my personal favorite here is dragon noodles .
this was an amazing experience .
great food , good service and price !
noodle dishes are very good as well .
perfect chinese food all around !
i love how fresh the food is .
my family loves tott 's !
its clean , fresh and honest food .
the atmosphere is charming .
we will definitely be back .
thanks for a great experience !
they are so yummy !
super fresh , high quality food and fantastic service .
will be calling them again to bring us food !
the flowers are high quality and beautifully arranged .
what came back was stunning , unique and affordable .
megan and jim are wonderful people .
she'll take very good care of you .
plus , they are local .
the flowers are fresh and the arrangements last !
always friendly , dependable service !
flowers are always fresh and beautiful !
keep up the good work !
will always use bobbie 's flowers from now on .
best florist in town .
my friend was thrilled .
it is absolutely beautiful and they smell amazing !
special thanks to erin for a beautiful arrangement !
my customer enjoyed and it made their day !
thanks again and always support the locals !
they did a fantastic job .
i seriously think they had the coolest flowers there !
they provide excellent customer service .
they have a great attitude .
special , was perfect .
amazing flowers and super fast delivery !
that was great service .
she's happy i'm happy .
absolutely the best flowers in town !
they really make a huge impact on our studio .
i highly recommend them .
my gosh , i love the arrangement .
the flowers are rather pretty , and smell divine .
thank you , brenda !
did a great job from order to delivery .
very professional staff and flower arrangement was very nice .
happy w their service .
they also really held up well .
i will definitely be ordering from them again .
it is close and easy to go to .
this place is great !
this placed has improved .
which was great since the place was surprisingly packed .
fantastic service and food !
very close to the arizona grand resort .
fast , efficient and attentive .
she was really thorough .
can you believe that !
this salon is great !
it's an overall win !
always a great job , never a wait .
they are the best !
love love love cherry !
also , nails come out really nice .
that makes me a fan !
it's like the walmart version of best buy .
thanks , fry 's .
i love fry 's electronics !
if you want it , they have it !
this store is pretty big !
this place is my boyfriend 's heaven .
i been a fan for years now !
got me a great price on my speakers .
he's very knowledgeable and friendly .
what a fantastic experience !
their price matching is also fantastic !
not to mention i always get amazing service here .
they will match online prices with ease .
i love this place .
salads are fresh and my kids love the pizza .
this is a hidden gem .
service is always good .
the thin crust pepperoni classic is delicious !
this is great pizza hands down .
lots of meat and olives - amazing pizza .
delivery was fast and food was amazing !
to us , that 's what matters .
it always arrived hot and it's delicious .
best pizza in the valley .
everything on the menu is delicious !
this pizza is amazing !
the service was excellent as well !
very great experience from quote to repair .
would recommend to anyone !
we have brought our car there twice now .
thank you yelp for another great recommendation .
staff has always been friendly to me as well .
personable and friendly staff , clean , always stocked !
i go to walgreens for everything i love it !
i have had good service at this walgreens .
price was fair and i'm happy .
she is pleasant , funny & efficient .
brandon is knowledgable & also great .
overall a nice store .
the produce and meat are always fresh .
the staff is super friendly .
really like this store , feel comfortable coming here .
it's also easy to find stuff in this store .
normal prices can be a bit high .
but i love ralph in the liquor section .
many of the gorgeous large flowers were blooming .
she gave great customer service .
they cut hair and do it well .
easy to communicate with .
they were trustworthy thorough and completed quality work .
it helped put our mind at ease .
always so fast , consistent and courteous .
this shop does fantastic work at a great price .
i highly recommend larry .
he does beautiful work .
application was flawless and the tint quality looks great !
also was relatively quick and well priced .
st anne 's is a beautiful church .
they came right out and fixed us up .
very friendly and professional .
well worth the trek south .
they are the best in town !
the pizza was honestly great .
my first experience ordering from them was great !
as people have said the wings are fantastic .
i loved this place !
we will be going back this weekend for more !
the service was always fast and delicious .
they are hot and crispy .
best bbq wings we've had in a long time !
a+++ service and great food couldn't complain at all .
great staff and good manager .
everytime i come here they are soo nice .
this place is great !
their il primo special pizza is fantastic .
very friendly , delicious , and affordable !
great food great service !
we love their food there and to go .
everything on the menu is delicious !
the business is clean , attractive and inviting .
please give them another opportunity .
that turned out well .
i came here to get my windows tinted !
lee the service man was super .
a major fan of this thrift store .
the staff is very nice and helpful .
it is very organized and clean !
every rack is full of potential .
these guys definitely deserved a yelp .
always a fair sale .
we have always been happy .
it's worth the drive .
the entire staff was friendly and very helpful .
customer service following my complaint was very good .
thanks for turning my experience around .
great experience all around .
top notch in my book .
excellent job , it feels and drives like new .
thank you so much !
top notch organization all around .
my salesman , mike gilbert , was fantastic .
good experience , brian was very nice & helpful .
tom was friendly and genuine .
best car buying experience that i have ever had .
the service was quick and i was satisfied .
i will definitely be back .
the collision center staff was amazing !
but the real pleasure is the service department .
thank you for being so awesome , art !
they'll help you without being overbearing !
awesome place with two awesome employees !
the young lady tonight was very sweet and helpful .
the staff is super nice and friendly .
everyone is so helpful and so nice !
best subs in town !
, good pricing , friendly people , good food .
i love the sandwiches at this place !
the sandwiches were definately worth the wait !
we appreciate your expertise and exceptional customer service .
natalie was very easy and comfortable to work with .
natalie was very easy and comfortable to work with .
i'd highly recommend this venue for any event .
i enjoy eating the chile rellenos they are delicious !
the servers always attentive .
my son enjoyed the green chile burrito .
we go here pretty and always crave it .
ordered flowers for valentine 's day over the phone .
highly recommended for wedding flowers .
really friendly service and wonderful floral arrangements .
i also noticed that they do weddings !
it's certainly worth coming into check this out .
highly recommend , well worth every penny spent !
they arrived on time and in perfect condition .
highly recommend , well worth every penny spent !
it is pretty tasty , quick and convenient .
but the pepper chicken is good .
the store is well ran .
clean store , fast service .
it was great customer service we received .
for healthy eaters they have some pretty good options .
stand by their work and charge extremely fair prices .
a true treasure with a friendly and knowledgeable staff .
so much to choose from !
selection is generally pretty good .
clean store and very on top of helping customers .
food is very consistent .
we will definitely be back !
very friendly prompt service .
they are also very clean !
very good work and friendly staff !
i absolutely love this place !
so many amazing things under one roof !
i would recommend him to anyone and everyone !
very professional and highly knowledgeable about the bmw stuff .
they definitely know what they doing !
good people and honest work .
definitely a five star .
the aroma was so inviting .
i'm sure i'll be stopping here often .
the bread here is good .
the flour tortillas are delicious .
fresh everyday and they sell masa for tamales .
the staff was friendly , fast , and efficient .
the pastries are amazing and fresh .
best mexican bakery around !
the menudo on the weekends is quite tasty also .
nice , clean and friendly staff here .
their sweet bread is just amazing .
homemade tamales are great .
small place but gets the job done .
great breads and very friendly service .
i love this place !
great fresh tortillas , and fresh pan .
the people are always so nice .
absolutely the best tortillas in town .
pastries are also excellent and the service is lovely .
added to my regular stop list .
best bakery in the phoenix area .
price was very reasonable .
you are in good hands with these guys !
al and marlene run a top notch establishment !
this place is absolutely amazing .
it's great for pick up and go .
best avocados by far !
very clean and honest !
straight honest answers and same day service .
haha love auto air plus !
i have been taking my car here for years !
he always offers options for repairs and disappointed .
friendly , family type business .
very experienced and helpful staff .
these guys are great !
they are super friendly and accommodating .
the owner and his employees have always been nice .
appreciate the lovely gals at the counter .
they remember you and are extremely helpful and courteous .
fast friendly and priced right .
the owner and his mom are super friendly .
everything is flavorful and good .
the flavor is great too .
you can make it .
food is great , prepared well and great portions .
great seasonings and plenty of toppings and fillings .
great menu , good price , good service .
thanks yelp for suggesting a great little find !
check your order before leaving the parking lot .
it's fast and nobody 's perfect .
i love this place !
tastes fresh and homemade !
best breakfast burritos ever !
there this lady name melissa and she was great .
there is plenty of free street parking right outside .
and the staff is very friendly and welcoming .
i told you that make me smile !
it was definitely worth all the hype .
the food is incredible .
this is seriously good food .
a warm , cozy place .
with fresh , homemade food .
they are so so so good .
both were very good .
i love this place .
i thoroughly enjoyed everything .
the service was fast and extremely friendly .
definitely worth the trip .
stopped by today with the wife .
the food was delicious .
it was incredible food .
excellent service , quaint location .
oh my goodness it was good .
it is always a pleasant outing .
best polish food i have ever had .
you will not be disappointed , i promise !
very pleasant , helpful and polite .
this food was exceptional .
i love pierogi and theirs were great .
we really enjoyed the food , atmosphere and service .
there 's some great polish food .
we've liked everything we've had .
what a nice restaurant .
the best part may be the atmosphere .
the service is unique .
and i'll keep coming back .
gosh i love this place !
the serve was friendly and helpful .
the owner or server was very friendly and accommodating .
it was pretty good .
i would recommend to those looking for comfort food .
what an amazing hidden treasure !
makes me feel like a kid again .
the flavors are authentic and warming with unparalleled hospitality .
the food is amazing .
the most delicious lunch to date !
the house sandwich was perfect and toasty !
the food is delicious !
we will definitely be back !
all is from scratch and fresh .
pierogi 's are excellent .
very pleasant place with an amazing appeal .
great home cooked meal .
nice outside dining and friendly family run business .
definitely a treasure as someone mentioned .
a small peaceful oasis with great food .
cold beet soup is perfect on a phoenix night .
love love love every single thing about this place !
the pickle soup was amazing .
i would recommend the cabbage rolls or the pierogies .
it makes me feel at home .
the food here is simply fantastic .
the atmosphere is very european small and intimate .
the food here is amazing !
when the weather allows the patio is wonderful .
excellent food , unique in the best way possible .
you will be surprised and will come back .
went here last night and had a great experience .
and maybe the best part : it's byob !
first of all , the atmosphere here is amazing .
original bread wonderful flavor .
unique place a must stop destination for downtown glendale .
fresh food creative menu .
great , friendly service .
i will be back !
the sausages were so tender and delicious .
the carrot cake was also amazing .
the owners are super nice .
really a great meal experience in every way .
i love the atmosphere here .
the ambience is perfect .
such an amazing little restaurant .
the food is delicious and authentic .
the menu offers many choices .
the bread was really quite good .
i absolutely love this place .
we catered for an event .
this is a gem !
very warm and friendly owners .
try it , you'll like it !
i love this place !
homemade pierogi is my favorite .
they are really nice and welcoming .
the food tastes fresh .
definitely check this out !
that alone makes it great in my book !
the best in car care !
they did a great job !
they were quick and everyone was exceptionally friendly .
phenomenal service , thanks !
they were friendly , prompt , and flexible .
fresh and great tasting .
solid fast food and friendly service .
this place has a wide selection of cheesesteaks .
best thing if you're at the mall !
cooked fresh right in front of your face !
this place was amazing !
the service was wonderful too !
this is definitely worth it !
the prices are really fair as well .
i love their gyros !
nonetheless it's a pretty decent little spot .
i had the combination kabob plate .
all the food was authentic and delicious !
good cooked to perfection .
pretty good gyros combos .
service is nice also .
nice place for lunch spot .
the prices and serving sizes are amazing !
i can't imagine my life without gyros now lol .
best hummus in the west valley .
honestly , great place to eat .
yup it's that good .
freshly made , very high quality !
i most certainly recommend them .
the staff is friendly and very attentive !
i loved the gyro combo .
so glad we found you guys !
i recommend papa 's to anyone !
hands down best gyro i have ever had !
stuffed full of meat absolute perfection !
great choice we made !
feels authentic as you walk through the door .
which they always do with a smile .
fairly inexpensive and very tasty !
definitely glad we came !
and the horchata was fantastic as well .
yelp is the way to go !
great and authentic mexican food !
ambience is really cozy and the service is superb !
the owners and staff are very hospitable as well !
very good food for a fair price .
delicious food and big portions .
definitely a great little spot for lunch or dinner .
love love love this place !
tacos on thursday and worth the deal .
i tried the pollo en mole which is terrific !
overall it's a good hole in a wall .
good food and good service .
the beans and salsa were so tasty !
their salsa was very delicious and actually spicy .
way better than any fast food big names !
nice old world feel and great food !
the breakfast items are good though , for sure .
i liked his country burger better than the hickory .
but anyway awesome dive feel and good food .
there burgers are big juicy and flavorful .
the pizzas arrive piping hot and full of toppings !
homemade type crust , good sauce .
was good and definitely filling !
wow the pizza was amazing !
cant wait to eat there again !
it was that good .
really good and really filling .
vito 's was really good !
he was spot on .
it's a long wait but totally worth it .
really really good pizza !
the pizza is amazing .
my waitress katie was fantastic , attentive and personable .
deep dish pizza here is incredible .
wings are fantastic too .
definitely worth the wait .
and we thought was perfectly done .
really good pizza awesome mozzarella sticks .
amazing chicago style pizza !
simply put : best deep dish ever !
vito 's was beyond delicious .
very filling and so yummy !
good thin crust pizza not greasy .
perfect crust , perfect sauce !
deep dish was also very tasteful .
this is a hidden gem !
but it's worth it .
true chicago style pizza !
chicago peeps - authentic chicago pizza has been found !
we always have good , service and excellent food .
staff was cool and very attentive and nice .
it came hot , fresh & fast !
the kids enjoyed there sausage & pepperoni .
we enjoyed our sausage onion and bacon !
the best i've had in phoenix for sure .
definitely will be back .
we try and get it weekly !
all of their salads are very good .
great staff and wonderful place to shop !
this is a great nail salon !
the salon is very clean and well kept .
other than that this place is wonderful !
really pleased with my nails .
i love this guy .
frank is an amazing mechanic .
he's honest hardworking and keeps to his word .
frank is the best !
he is honest and highly affordable .
he is a busy man but always love chatting .
i will be back !
it would be a great place to take kids .
it makes for a very unique date idea .
it is always enjoyable .
friendly staff and a fun nostalgic atmosphere .
the tours of the facility are interesting .
the lady doing the presentation was great .
i see mail order in my future !
this place has it !
during the week they have a tour and sampling .
we loved this place !
great candy , great service and sooo entertaining .
i am very impressed at the quality of candy .
great candies , good prices made right there .
good candy for the holidays too .
really liked this place .
nothing like fresh candy and what a variety !
loved the sea salt chocolate .
nice locally owned and family operated candy factory .
support local and stay sweet !
note my family also likes the regular candy !
really delicious chocolates both dark and milk .
i love their green mint truffles .
those are the best .
the chocolate tour was free and fun .
love , love , love !
quality and lots of choices .
i love this shop , especially over the holidays .
tour guide was nice and very knowledgable .
you also get free samples !
we absolutely love this place .
this bingo hall is friendly and fun .
the prizes are good .
this is a fun place to play bingo .
these cookies tasted amazing !
they are absolutely amazing !
the delivery man was so nice .
flowers are fun but cookies are tasty .
thanks dale for making my daughter extremely happy !
the cookies are very delicious .
they got is spot on .
the other dish i highly recomend are the meatballs !
the service is always friendly and quick .
totally authentic and delish .
in my opinion , best one in the neighborhood .
salsa was great too .
customer service was excellent .
when picking up my order the service was fantastic .
huge selection and lots of booths .
you can spend a lot of time in here !
huge selection of antiques and collectibles .
extremely friendly and helpful staff .
very cool place so much to see .
great neighborhood bar with good drink prices .
best wings in town .
live bands n fun activities !
wonderful sports bar with great wings .
nice job glendale flowers !
i will definitely go back .
every time we have had a great experience .
preston is very creative and accommodating .
five stars for quality , service and price .
thank you three four printing , job well done .
quality of the post cards were top notch .
love love love this place .
( just basic , but good ) .
the service is very nice too !
i would definitely recommend .
this place is excellent !
i love this place .
food is amazing and people are awesome .
the food is wonderful and truly authentic .
oh yeah , the service is awesome !
best in the valley !
great meatballs again the best ive had in phoenix .
just recently moved to a new location .
same great food at a nicer location .
the value is incredible .
shawn was an excellent person to deal with .
i love the tiki !
i love this place !
color me a fan !
i love go kat go !
i got my awesome retro diner style table there .
i love going in and seeing whats new !
owners make it even better !
i love , love , love the items here .
the owner and her cats are nice .
overall , fun place to go !
what a great experience !
would highly recommend it .
i was referred here by my mechanic .
the staff here is great .
thank you guys and gal .
staff is always friendly !
( they ever bring their own vacuum cleaner ! )
a little expensive , but it's so worth it .
actually , we are both very happy .
these doors are expensive , but sooo worth it !
i would recommend these guys to anyone !
great pricing and great service !
by far i recommend this place to everyone !
i recommend this shop fully .
bartender ivan hooked it up yo .
this latest experience was very good .
highly recommend the glendale barber shop .
remember : it pays to look well .
i was loving this place .
the conversations are great and genuine .
this is the best barber shop in the valley .
this place is fabulous !
i love this place !
we had a great time .
the tea is good , the place is cute !
in fact , the scones were absolutely delicious !
i will definitely be going back .
this place is absolutely precious !
we had good service and food .
this was an adorable place !
the service was pleasant and quite attentive .
what a perfect afternoon tea time .
i recommend for something fun and different to do !
very fun , i'd definitely come back .
we would highly recommend it .
well worth the money and the experience .
the food was excellent and the service was great !
we will definitely be back !
i will definitely be going back for more .
it was a very delightful experience .
the mini sandwiches were so delicious .
everything was absolutely delicious .
the entire experience was relaxing and comfortable .
the lunch was delicious and the scones were amazing .
the scone dipping sauces really made it perfect .
very nice and quaint place .
the food was great and the tea was tasty !
go , relax and enjoy .
it came out nice .
chris & aaron are whats up !
all good vibes up in here .
all the goodies on top you can imagine .
great food for low price .
he was friendly and professional .
the fries were so good !
some of the best dogs around .
hop right on over right now and try one .
good place for lunch and prices were not bad .
this place is the best !
the fries are especially great .
always hits the spot !
damn it was good .
as close as your gon na get to home !
i love this restaurant .
local and family owned .
very good hot dogs .
got ta love it .
you got ta go !
this place is fantastic !
super fresh and moist , not dry at all !
the fries were amazing as well !
we will definitely be back !
i love this place .
but it's worth the stop at an atm .
very much kid friendly & that 's awesome !
i strongly recommend this place !
i love eating here !
great food and service !
the chilli cheese dog was awesome , great chilli !
the homemade fries where fresh and hot .
this is one of my absolute favorite local treasures .
great dogs and great fries .
everyone is very friendly .
best hotdog shop ever !
the people are awesome and so friendly .
i loved the taste of the relish !
this place is a glendale legend !
great food , fast service , great desserts !
the staff was very friendly and seem very genuine .
this place has absolutely wonderful service !
the italian ice is really good too !
i definitely recommend it !
this is such an unusual place .
the wings are outstanding !
the location is random but nice !
i will be coming back i love it !
finally some good hot wings !
now i'm crying tears of joy .
i would highly recommend molly maids to anyone !
very professional and friendly .
would recommend them to everyone and have done so .
greg is the ultimate professional .
greg is so professional and knowledgable .
excellent service with a great smile !
great guy and great work !
spectacular customer service and i just love the blinds .
i am very impressed !
greg was great to work with .
the installers were very friendly and quick .
such a nice guy and very knowledgeable .
quick install , high quality , exactly as quoted .
fast , courteous , professional and reasonable .
i highly recommend this company .
i would definitely recommend them !
very appreciative for all the help and great product !
great quality and so friendly .
i highly recommend this company .
thanks yelp and thanks coyote blinds !
he was very friendly , courteous and helpful .
he was honest , helpful , and very professional .
the pizza is amazing , wings are too .
this is a nice little place .
the pizza was good and the service was fine .
good place for a somewhat quick bite to eat .
i should come back more often !
it still is good !
will eat here anytime i have a chance !
this is hands down the best pizza in glendale !
great service always , and very reasonable .
my husband is from jersey and loves this place .
awesome employees , very friendly .
highly recommended to all .
great little local pizzeria , popular place .
it is casual and inexpensive .
yummy pizza and really good service .
a friend ordered the wings and raved about them .
will definitely be back .
pizza was amazing we had the large pepperoni .
the mozzarella sticks were delicious !
seriously a great place to eat .
nice old town feel and sweetheart cook .
good food , great value .
fun food and good pizza .
very happy to have stopped by and will again .
happy we came across this little place !
great pizza in a " hometown " atmosphere.
this place is great !
the have great deals and quality furniture .
customer service is great !
if you go ask for angie , she's great .
so grateful i found this place !
lee 's quality counter tops was incredible .
the showroom staff was very helpful and efficient .
my go-to for affordable , solid mexican food .
their burritos are pretty good too .
shredded beef tacos are the best i've had .
good food and very reasonable prices .
service is quick and the price is excellent .
they have a decent menu and really good prices .
i love this place !
best menudo in town .
mexican pizza is always a hit with us .
it's cheap and always good .
jerry was very nice and very informative .
very professional and friendly .
pedro 's is great for mexican style comfort food .
it's a real neighborhood gem .
the rice is cooked and seasoned perfectly .
the service is always a little touch and go .
overall , a real good experience .
good food for the price !
the food was good as well as the service .
chips were fresh and great .
i love this place !
i love this place !
the perfect hole in the wall mexican food restaurant .
pretty much the ideal lunch stop .
i just luv the food here.
the best flavor of any tacos i have had .
the rice is really good too .
i absolutely love it .
great food , great service , great price !
pedro 's is my favorite restaurant ever !
their green chili is the best .
they have good food , and really good salsa .
the food and service is consistently very good .
everything on the menu is simply delicious .
it's small , it's old , and its good .
this place is absolutely delicious !
overall was a nice impression for a first visit .
our favorite mexican restaurant .
even the chips and salsa are worth the trip .
definitely my favorite place to eat mexican food .
the chips and salsa is amazing !
good for out of town guests .
awesome , awesome joint .
small down home , real food place !
i love this place .
my family loves this place too .
the food is great !
the nachos are expensive but are worth every cent .
top notch service also .
but this place nailed it !
amazing fresh thin crispy chips .
rice was fluffy and fresh .
we will definitely be back .
this place is outstanding .
however , everything is good .
great with chips or on your meal !
amazing place to for a family .
they have amazing food and a great selection .
the chips and salsa is also very good .
the chips are made fresh everyday .
i love pedro 's mexican restaurant !
it is the absolute best mexican food .
and the staff is wonderful and friendly .
best chips and salsa in the phoenix area .
service was quick and good .
very reasonable prices and modest decor .
this place is amazing .
great food decent staff .
this place is a glendale classic !
i ordered the shrimp salad and it was tasty !
the avocado made it perfect .
the salsa and chips are great .
the service is very fast .
excellent food , service , and value .
we will definitely be going back .
favorite mexican food restaurant in town .
everybody we have taken here raves about it !
i will definitely be back .
my first visit is very positive .
crunchy was crunchy satisfying all the senses .
the spanish rice was delicious .
the salsa and chips are the best .
pedro 's was recommended to us by a friend .
it adds to the charm .
the staff are very friendly and kind .
the food is absolutely amazing .
the chips were perfect !
i love their hot chunky salsa and chips .
great meal all around !
my family has been going here for decades !
always great food and service .
best chips and salsa .
but this place was a good choice .
their hot sauce and chips are amazing .
the chicken they use for their food is delicious .
it was quite delicious .
the staff was very friendly .
we highly recommend pedro 's .
on top of things .
the best chips and salsa !
this place is amazing .
i love the mini menu .
the beans are also really good .
the service is also excellent .
the servers are very kind and patient .
i love this place .
lots of good times here .
love the salsa & rice , too !
cheese crisp is wonderful !
the chunky hot is delicious !
paul is the best .
great service , honest , and affordable .
knowledgeable , fair and fast .
thanks paul for all the years of great service !
best mechanic out there !
paul 's the best !
check the place out !
always a good place to shop .
the customer service is always great .
i go here and they got it .
the staff is great .
service was prompt and was great to joke around .
recommended by a friend .
excellent work and service was great !
their new tater tots are among the best .
chris and kelly are awesome bartenders !
the food is pretty darn good for bar food .
i love the wraps .
i love this place !
cajun chicken sandwich with tater tots are the best !
we got a cobb salad and a party melt .
the wings and fries are amazing !
good food and the service was fantastic .
great prices on drinks .
great crowd , and good food .
love this place to catch the games .
the best service in town !
but the food still is worth it .
great people and we can't wait to come back !
next time we will eat there .
they are quick , smart and just plain good .
the workers there are friendly and honest .
randy and his boys are amazing .
they are honest and reasonable .
thank you johnson automotive .
thank you johnson automotive .
amazing and knowledgeable staff and technicians .
thanks so much for the utterly awesome customer experience !
friendly , honest service .
bar none , the best service i've ever had .
they look you in the eye .
they smile and joke .
their garage is neat and tidy .
this place is awesome !
i would highly recommend them .
i love this place !
this place is worth the try !
very good combination fried rice and pepper steak .
we are definitely going back with some friends .
i heart the king wah !
its always consistently good .
its always delivered hot and fast .
this place is fantastic .
i highly recommend it to everyone .
their eggs and shrimp is a great dish .
good customer service and great food .
been here only once and i will return !
got mongolian beef lo mein and fried rice !
very delicious authentic chinese food at a reasonable price .
the service was excellent as well .
great food , great service .
their roasted duck is absolutely amazing .
oysters and roasted pork were delicious .
everything tastes fresh from the market .
i'm definitely coming back !
definitely will be back .
definitely will be back .
clean and roomy place with easy parking .
i highly recommend this gem to you .
i'll definitely be returning .
great food and prices are reasonable !
their fried rice is awesome as well !
she is the best groomer ever .
all the doctor 's are great .
jennifer the tech is very caring .
everyone was very knowledgeable and friendly .
highly recommend taking any pet here .
he service and selection was perfect .
you can trust them .
i'm a satisfied customer !
i recommend this company to you .
i was satisfied with the work done .
amazing food at a great bargain .
the super seafood combo is satisfying and delicious .
get extra pete 's sauce !
ive been coming here for many years .
thank you pete 's and all that you do .
the sauce is the best !
love love love this place .
a big plus is the food is awesome !
i love this place !
the patio eating area is huge and clean .
food was good and the price was right .
a home feel with family vibes but still professional .
great flavor in every dish and they also deliver !
friendly and prompt service .
food was inexpensive and delicious for the price .
friendly service , excellent salsa , good authentic machaca .
definitely a good breakfast spot .
i recommend stopping in .
food is good , and the prices are fair .
this place gets da two thumbs up from me !
all of the employees were nice and accommodating .
it was a good movie !
all-in-all , a fun night !
the place was packed .
i love this place .
there are always coupons and specials .
it's got character and plenty of lanes .
my experience was great !
i love this place !
definitely a must go to !
and - the staff there is really great .
omg it is so freakin ' delicious .
the veggies are fresh just the right crunch .
best chinese delivery in the west valley for sure !
they have delicious food and great lunch special prices .
friendly and fast service .
great food for great prices .
pretty sure you will be glad you did !
honestly , we're addicted to this place .
for take-out chinese it is pretty darn good .
love this place 's food !
best of all ; they deliver !
there orange chicken is very good .
staff are very friendly and out going .
never gets old and a great deal .
the food was good .
overall i'm pleased with this place .
love their lo mein and fried rice !
great food for a reasonable price .
people here are great !
very nice and understanding .
offers honest and honest service .
comfy chairs , good water , big tv .
super friendly staff and excellent service .
this is my go-to spot for oil change .
great vet and assistants .
dr grant is amazing .
i would highly recommend this office and dr. grant .
i absolutely love kiss the cook .
good service and prices .
the inside is really nice and cozy though .
overall this place is worth a shot !
it did not disappoint !
my breakfast was pretty good and reasonably priced .
it was such a great experience .
everyone was happy , and smiley .
the food was great , and not pricey .
country potatoes were very good too !
when on the west side eat here !
excellent and known for their pancakes !
all breakfast items are very good including their omelettes .
great price and serving sizes .
he loved all things breakfast there.
great service and the food was excellent .
the " cook 's combo " is awesome !
i love this place !
this place is definitely worth a try .
a lovely , charming breakfast place !
but i will definitely be back here !
food is very fresh especially the fruit .
the waitresses are so nice and personable .
they take time out to talk to you .
coffee and orange juice are both decent .
good fresh and home cooked food .
love everything about it .
this is definitely my new favorite breakfast spot .
the food is good .
everything else was good .
this place attracts a lot of older people .
fantastic little breakfast place !
the best restaurant find we've had on our trip .
the feed was tasty and the price was excellent .
i will definitely be back .
the garden benedict was definitely delicious .
the atmosphere is nice too .
the food is amazing !
i really liked this place .
the people are very friendly and helpful .
great place and good food !
this place was so cute !
i will definitely be back !
amazing little place for breakfast !
great food and the prices are not bad .
the decor is sure to catch your eye !
we had a great breakfast !
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
we will definitely be back !
what a great little breakfast joint !
that said it's well worth the wait .
i love the interior it's very quaint .
the food was great and so was the service .
amazing words don't describe the food !
the restaurant is quaint and unique .
this place has excellent breakfast .
great ambiance with the antiques everywhere .
i love this place !
cute atmosphere and great service .
will definitely go back again .
just the best place .
the service is great too .
service was great too .
great little place to dine at .
the gravy is amazing !
this is my new favorite breakfast/brunch place !
had an excellent scramble .
best breakfast i have had in years .
great prices for what you're getting .
waitresses were all pleasant and attentive .
the place is cute and vintage looking !
the male waiters are very good looking white boys !
very satisfied with this place !
delicious , home cooked breakfast .
susan our waitress was very pleasant and extremely efficient .
sit in nicole 's section , she is great !
i got the eggs benedict and it was great !
this is a good breakfast place .
i especially love their cajun style benedict .
big servings and good food .
very vintage and cute !
zucchini is my fav !
really good omelets and potatoes , sweet customer service !
the waffle was tasty .
our waiter was on top of everything .
i went here a couple days ago for breakfast .
there coffee was french vanilla and delicious !
the atmosphere is fun and old fashion country style .
fun little restaurant to go to .
good place for diner food with a little class .
this hit the spot for breakfast for sure .
the food was fantastic and incredibly reasonable .
will definitely be back .
all said great place for breakfast .
this is the best breakfast/brunch restaurant .
she was very attentive , and so kind !
this is my new spot !
i highly recommended this place .
amazing pancakes and great eggs .
this was a wonderful find in glendale az .
yeah , this place is awesome .
super fresh tasting and just really , really good .
pancake is light , pecan roll is pretty divine .
people who work there are pretty friendly too .
it's such a cute little place with amazing food .
this place is wonderful .
everything i have gotten there is wonderful .
those warm mini muffins are delicious !
love this glendale breakfast spot !
still a good place to grab some brunch .
true gem in glendale .
we loved the muffins with our meal too !
they were so delicious .
will definitely go back again .
has an interesting atmosphere with all the antiques .
great spot for breakfast .
service good , coffee stayed flowing .
everything i ordered was very tasty .
great " neighborhood feel " to this place !
food is good nothing fancy .
muffin basket is excellent .
good food , reasonably priced , good service .
i will come back !
flawless work done by a great staff .
i highly recommend you do business with them .
got exactly what i wanted from them .
they give great service .
a lot of places charge for that .
wonderful and inexpensive car wash !
the owner is very pleasant and helpful .
glass creations is one of the most beautiful stores .
owners are extremely friendly and helpful .
they have some great stuff here .
i would recommend this place to anyone !
i highly recommend this place for dental needs .
a nice beginners course .
this place really is a gem .
great value for your dollar .
i recommend this course for anyone .
the staff are friendly and helpful .
the staff here is outstanding .
this a fun experience for all skill levels .
excellent service as the others stated .
their chips and salsa are outstanding .
the flan is a must !
family-owned is a plus !
best restaurant in the world !
it's a landmark for a reason .
still love the salsa and the food .
to my surprise it turned out great !
the food was delicious .
i thought it was very family friendly .
i love the salsa and the food is amazing .
food was excellent , especially the mole sauce !
the food was terrific !
chips and salsa are always good .
my hubby and i loved this place !
we will definitely go again !
i enjoyed my experience and plan to go back .
great food & service !
love their cheese enchiladas !
the price was excellent also .
friendly and great service .
the mild salsa is my absolute favorite .
mexican pizza is pretty good too !
friendly and great service .
the mild salsa is my absolute favorite .
mexican pizza is pretty good too !
their prices are reasonable and the food is good .
cheerful service , homey and comfortable .
the salsas are all good .
the food is amazing here .
some of the best mexican food in town .
i absolutely love the food here .
always a great place to come food and atmosphere .
everything i have ever ordered was great .
menudo , tacos , tamales n you name it !
best home mexican around .
the service is always good .
great service and food , really worth the stop .
very friendly and very tasty !
their salsa is always a treat .
a landmark in arizona !
by far the best mexican food in the state .
we had so many great family memories there too .
thanks john and crew .
great place to get a tattoo !
vinny does great work !
beautiful lines and great use of color !
rob 's star pops !
the depth and detail are outstanding !
thank you to all our customers .
thanks for your help !
best pancakes in town !
lovely , family-owned restaurant .
staff is always friendly and the food never disappoints .
best local breakfast place i've found in glendale !
i eat lunch here quite a bit .
the girls are awesome always smiling and friendly .
the food is good and the atmosphere is relaxing .
enjoyed their chicken fried steak & corn beef hash .
if you like diners you will love this place .
for my first time visit i did enjoy it .
amazing friendly staff , my spanish omelette was awesome !
they really do have amazing pancakes !
breakfast is served hot , fresh , and fast .
the service is lightning fast .
service is stellar , friendly and fun .
love this wonderful family owned restaurant !
great staff and great food .
i will definitely be returning .
( and the prices are exceedingly reasonable ! )
fast service as well .
fast , friendly service .
so i thought that was pretty nice of them .
a local business just is icing on the cake .
friendly , helpful , courteous too .
amazing , professional , quick service .
rick ( the tow truck driver ) was great !
the driver was friendly and full of jokes .
well the trays turned out perfect .
had a great time , very family friendly !
we had a great time !
they are worth the trip .
we had an all around good time .
it's a great family tradition for us .
kids will love it .
i really enjoy stopping by for some fresh produce .
a really big one .
we had a great time here !
we brought the son and his grandparents .
i absolutely love this farm !
what a wonderful business !
i love this place !
adorable small sweet tasting egg plant .
the help is very fun and hands on knowledgeable .
was great , but all ingredients seemed store bought .
best mexican food i've ever had hands down .
i love the food here .
for being fast food chinese its pretty good .
we had several items delivered and it was great !
first time eating here , i ordered delivery .
my order was perfect .
portion size was excellent .
thank you for your service .
anna did my hair and it turned out amazing .
very happy love my hair !
i highly recommend le hair .
always great every time i go .
this is a nice chill bar .
the drinks are strong and super cheap .
i love this place .
this specific location has a great manager !
the service was as good as it gets .
good job sammy and joseph !
customer service is also top notch .
i love these guys !
they are absolutely the best !
this course is in decent condition .
maintenance takes care of it really well .
this arena is right up there .
right next door to the arena .
great addition to the valley 's entertainment scene .
i am a huge hockey fan from michigan .
i was impressed with the arena .
this time maybe they will win .
the complex itself is clean and well organized .
very nice stadium to watch a hockey game !
the stadium is very clean !
sound was great inside , very impressed .
i also have to compliment the fans as well .
the facilities are very clean and neatly organized .
there are bathrooms everywhere , and they're super clean !
great place for kids .
pretty decent place to watch a hockey came .
awesome place to watch a hockey game or concert .
great place for an event !
very new , very clean .
i love this venue for just about any event .
they practically make those games into dance parties .
pretty cool layout of the arena .
i love this arena .
i was impressed with the area .
hockey game very cool .
hopefully i can see another game sometime .
fun of the game .
staff is friendly and courteous .
both times i had a great experience .
had a great view of the game .
fun atmosphere , fun arena .
friendly , helpful staff .
one of the best places to watch a game .
seating is great , no matter where you are .
plenty of decent food vendors .
lower levels are worth the price upgrade .
i definitely enjoy coming to hockey games here .
first off , free parking is always great .
great place to watch a game .
this arena really can accommodate capacity of people here .
this very good arena for numerous reasons .
this salon has become my usual spot .
mai did a great job on my pedi !
he's really good at doing your nails .
i got a pedicure which was my first one .
i enjoyed my pedicure as did my mom .
she was patient and very detailed and really nice .
i'm definitely coming here again !
friendly staff and great customer service .
this ups is very helpful and personable .
great fast food place .
friendly workers , fast service and reasonable prices .
i love del taco !
they are so fast and friendly !
their food is always fresh .
definitely will be back !
these guys are amazing .
the color selection is really good .
all of the staff are nice and friendly .
i love it here !
the hubby is happy so i'm happy .
my nails looked great and everyone was very nice .
they got me in right away .
jimmy did the best job.
hot stone massage when you purchase a pedicure service !
they also have a drying area for your feet .
good place to relax .
it was big and clean .
the staff was also very friendly .
i love kohl 's .
best part is their customer service department .
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
the staff was friendly and quick .
panda is really good .
it's a bit greasy , but tastes just fine !
great for eat in , or take out .
still love this place tho !
the parking situation is good .
place is very clean , and kept up .
crew was very nice .
the staff are young but have always been pleasant .
i love coming here .
the food was good and just as ordered .
the food was hot and fresh .
i love this place .
everyone at coyote is wonderful .
" hands down the best experience of my life .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
everything else is great !
i love this starbucks .
the store is always clean too .
good old fashion pizza place !
friendly staff , had a great time .
employees always friendly and happy !
great food and service every time we come here .
normally on top of it .
happy servers - very patient with our large order .
amazing and prompt service !
even with the new girl taking our order !
great food , fast and nice service .
such amazing smiles and friendly people .
i will be back !
the pizza is delicious !
two bucks for delivery is reasonable , too .
keep up the good work .
the food was great !
the chicken was also very good .
we have loved living here !
it is so quiet and very comfortable living !
but the customer service there is phenomenal .
good job wendy 's team and management .
i had a great experience .
they did a good clean up of the area .
it was a pleasure to do business with grant .
i would highly recommend this company !
check it out , ann and kathy are amazing .
don and theresa are great !
don and teresa are amazing !
i love the new place.
wide selection of colors and styles .
had a great experience and will return .
always schedule an appointment !
great place to get pampered !
the service is wonderful .
workers are nice and personable .
the place is alway clean and organized .
very nice church in the west valley .
the church itself is huge and modern !
love , love , love it !
one of my favorite places to eat .
i love their pizza and wings .
wow the pizza and wings super yummy !
excellent ny style pizza !
the guy who took our order was extremely nice .
good good for great prices .
i tried the eggplant sub and it was fantastic !
the price of the sandwiches was very good also .
i recommend this place .
always super nice and super clean inside .
nothing better then original owners and nice italian folks !
got ta love them !
great pizza and wings for a reasonable price .
the owner is always there and always funny .
pretty good fast food hawaiian bbq .
but it taste very good !
very good portions for the price .
i enjoy this eatery for sure !
in that instance , ono 's is great .
we love this place !
i loved the hawaiian bbq beef .
food is well worth it !
this is worth trying out .
the family meal is a great deal !
food here is delicious !
my favorite place to eat .
definitely coming here again .
love the food and the friendly staff .
simple but great food .
i love their lemon chicken and macaroni salad !
fast , friendly and very good !
the staff is always friendly , it's always clean .
all the food here is great .
all the food was great !
the rice , macaroni salad , cabbage etc !
with the fresh mix salad on the side .
the fish and shrimp was good too .
this place is delicious !
it was really good !
i'm definitely going back again !
price is reasonable & worth it .
i love to shop at kohl 's .
employees are nice and helpful .
the quality is great for the price .
this store is nice , clean , and organized .
no waiting and great customer service .
i'd recommend anyone to this verizon store !
wonderful experience and amazing staff !
great store and great customer service .
highly recommend for all your needs .
very friendly , quick place .
this is what you call good customer service .
happy to stay after closing to finish the job .
friendly staff & moderately priced monthly packages are great .
the staff at this location is great .
super friendly to everyone .
overall a great place to go .
super clean , friendly and affordable !
everyone is always so friendly .
i would definitely recommend desert escape tanning .
very clean and awesome deals constantly .
i love that they keep his history on file .
dr. jackson is the best !
but i thought the pizza was very good .
the wings were very tasty too !
clean , fast , super nice people .
they just got a new owner .
the place is clean and the staff are friendly .
my nails are beautiful .
i love this place .
i love this place !
they did a great job on my nails .
they all speak very well english .
keep up the good job.
i love lily she does such an awesome job !
always the way i wanted it !
staffs are awesome there !
i was seen right away asked to pick color .
very professional , fast and friendly .
they did a good job .
needless to say , i'm cool on her .
andy did a great job on my nails !
highly recommend this office .
great selection of eyewear too !
they are very professional , and helpful .
great selection of eye wear too !
all in all a great experience !
dr. frank is personable , thoughtful , and thorough !
the office is very relaxed and beautifully designed .
i loved the friendly office and professional staff .
i highly recommend them .
the front staff has also always be very friendly .
very nice staff that made me feel welcome .
dr baker was very good and explained everything .
keep up the awesome work , dragon garden staff !
the servers are also easy to talk to .
i was recommended to come here from my sister .
my dinner tonight was so good !
it melts in your mouth and so much flavor !
great taste fast service nice guy !
everything on the menus is yummy !
they loved the staff and service .
the veterinarians are very knowledgable and compassionate .
this is a good location !
we love this place .
very nice people , and very fair prices .
glad i found this gem !
and that 's a rare thing today .
especially the manager , mike !
wow the customer service mike is awesome !
the a/c works great !
i like that it is family owned too !
definitely recommend this place !
we appreciated their honesty and the great service .
gives you the best advice anyone could possibly get .
price was very reasonable .
family owned and great for our community !
i actually like taking my cars here .
quick and very friendly service .
they are both fantastic !
a positive first impression !
people are great and the services are dependable .
this location is always consistent with my order .
the people are very nice too .
car is good as new .
keep up the great work guys !
the area always well lit .
the attendants are friendly and very quick too .
my favorite go-to convenience store and fuel center !
i love this gas station !
it is always clean and pumps are always working .
cashiers are nice , friendly , and fast !
food is always fresh , even at midnight !
the store is big and very clean .
paired it with a mountain dew .
the people behind the counter are always friendly .
two thumbs up for aesthetic dental health !
dr. gonzalez is the best dentist in phoenix !
dr. gonzalez is so nice and knowledgeable .
dr. gonzalez is great !
our family loves her clinic .
i recommend her clinic to everyone !
would definitely recommend aesthetic dental health to everyone .
she is a top notch dentist !
very friendly staff and knowledgable .
her staff is wonderful as well .
had a great time hanging out with everyone !
they genuinely care about your teeth !
i love this dentist office !
dr gonzalez is amazing !
thank you dr. gonzalez !
love love love dr. gonzalez and her staff !
i love the entire staff .
highly recommended dental office .
doctor and staff was great !
hands down best cleaning experience i've ever had .
most important the dentist is excellent !
big fan of aesthetic dental !
staff is friendly and good with scheduling .
prompt check in , excellent staff and dentist .
my first visit and i loved it .
super nice staff and the dentist is great .
great price on gas .
staff is pretty friendly .
keep up the great work !
plus the rotisserie chicken here is much better !
once again thank you for your great service .
it was worth it .
the human touch drying the car was nice .
i definitely recommend it .
my new favorite place to detail my car !
great prices on rentals and tables and chairs !
well worth the price !
the place is family owned and very very friendly .
i love supporting places like this !
places like this makes a community feel real !
great experience every time !
saved me a trip back !
overall this store rocks !
friendly , fast service .
friendly baristas and cashier .
this is one of my favorite starbucks .
they are always fairly quick and it's always clean .
i must say that i have found it !
food was pretty good and affordable .
excellent place to get a little flavor of mexico .
staff is friendly and helpful .
food is always delicious , staff is friendly .
the rice and beans are perfect .
best shrimp cocktail in the state .
we are excited to go back .
def good portions and flavors .
great food , service was good .
been here a couple times know and it's good .
best mexican food ever !
full of flavor and very authentic .
absolutely love this place .
but the servers are good and friendly .
after a long boring day i go to panda !
oh and the staff was great .
friendly fast and filled with laughter and smiles .
honey who works here is amazing !
they welcome you when you walk in .
the restaurant was clean and service was definitely prompt .
food was fresh & taste great .
she made sure the bow was on perfect .
wow , i would strongly recommend visiting this store .
this place is awesome !
everybody is so nice & helpful .
their return policy is the best ever !
the chips were also done to perfection .
they definitely scored on this one .
i even liked it !
the guacamole was fresh and delicous .
their special spicy salsa is delicous too !
this is an excellent hole-in-the-wall type mexican place .
the food is great and the service is wonderful .
one of my favorite places to come .
i eat the entire plate every time .
we will definitely go again .
another truly excellent mexican restaurant .
there food is good and there chips are fresh .
a very casual place to eat .
the service is always quick .
excellent green chili with meat chunks .
tortilla chips are light and fresh .
classic neighborhood mexican cafe .
we love this place .
rice is fluffy and fresh , enchiladas are great .
my wife loves the green chili plate .
consistently fantastic mexican food .
some of the best carnitas i've had !
so happy to have found a solid mexican restaurant .
chips and salsa were tasty .
great place for lunch !
mucho gracias for a great dinner !
the green chili is very good .
the green chili is worth the time .
ceviche is perfect , carnitas plate is best ever .
fresh made salsa and pico .
we've tried almost everything and it's fantastic !
the salsa was amazing .
overall i liked it and will be back .
even my baby loved it !
very tasty and fresh .
staff is friendly , and really knows the menu .
nice burnt chili taco sauce .
as always , the food was great .
crepes , just so good .
great place to grab breakfast .
very good customer service .
fast , great customer service !
servers are great so are the managers !
very fast and friendly restaurant .
our waitress was very nice and food was good .
fresh , hot and consistently good .
but the seasonal pumpkin pancakes are delicious .
it really helped me warm up .
over all great service and great experience .
found my wedding dress here .
the ladies are very nice and helpful .
we found a perfect dress for me .
i would recommended this place to anyone .
this place is amazing !
friendly staff , easy to find stuff i need .
great prices and service !
great place , never crowded .
thank you hd for your quick feedback .
clean , fast and friendly service .
they are very honest and helpful .
jay is nice and explains everything very clear .
the prices are good too .
i would recommend them and use them again !
got a rental right away .
got a nice clean car .
new waitress is very nice , great service .
great food , incredible value .
it's the best mexican food in the valley .
hot , delicious mexican food !
love this little joint !
the beans and rice were very good .
also very clean on the inside .
the chickens enchiladas were absolutely amazing !
i love this place .
overall great service , and great food !
we definitely will come back for another meal .
thanks tony 's cafe !
butter crisp is a tasty appetizer .
chips and salsa is good .
my favorite mexican food pretty much ever .
chili relleno is the best ive ever had .
perfect enchiladas and delicious rice and beans .
also best cheese crisp and i love there salsa !
the staff was fantastic and prices were reasonable !
very authentic food , i'm a huge fan !
i highly recommend it to anyone in the area .
their salsa is hot , but oh so tasty .
the margaritas were excellent .
i love this place !
we absolutely love their chips and salsa too !
i would recommend everyone to go .
i crave their menudo .
service is prompt and done with a smile .
its cheap , filling and delicious !
the food is always fantastic .
one of my favorite places .
cool place w/ awesome mexican food !
best hot sauce i've in the west valley !
atmosphere : it was pretty warm in there !
one of my favs !
it's always a great experience .
best mexican food i've had in a long time !
first time visiting here and i was surprised .
this is as authentic as it gets !
he said it's great mexican food .
we get there and it's this huge restaurant .
all in all good experience !
the service at the goodyear location is better too !
i ordered the sonoran enchiladas and they were delicious !
i will definitely be back for the food .
waiter was pleasant & professional .
i ordered red menudo and it was delicious !
wife liked her food as well .
loved the ice tea .
very beautiful restaurant inside and out .
friendly staff and family owned .
we return a few times a month .
well worth the drive .
we ordered beef chimichangas with rice and beans .
good place to eat .
awesome food with great prices .
this is a gem in the sw valley .
so , so good !
early dinning at its finest !
great salsa and chips to start with .
wow , huge change in food .
way better and bigger .
so far this place has been good to me .
great service and great work .
would recommend them to anyone .
i highly recommend them .
the owner is honest and friendly .
the prices are more than fair and reasonable .
they were consistently pleasant and did a great job .
will absolutely bring my car there if needed .
and happy to post my experience .
hey do such great work here .
they are honest and hard working .
recommended by many insurance companies too .
these guys were great !
i highly recommend them .
i will definitely repeat if needed .
they did excellent paint job .
completed work on time .
always a good time bowling here .
arcade was fun too .
my daughter loved it and we'll definitely be back .
french fries were super hot and wonderful .
very impressed and will go back again soon !
great staff and bowling pro shop .
would recommend it to all .
my brother and his bowling league come here often .
they seem to enjoy themselves very much .
that makes me happy .
it's always very clean .
thank you for excellent customer service .
i love bowling here .
friendly service that is total quality .
this dry cleaner is awesome !
they also do nice alterations .
very good dry cleaner .
everyone would love to hang out there !
the service is great .
the dry cleaning is very good .
you'll be happy you gave them a shot .
always on time and ready when requested .
they were able to repair them very well .
i am very happy with the results .
i will definitely be going back there .
they are very friendly and kind as well .
what a great business .
service is quick and always done correctly !
the new del taco taco was great .
there 's a great drink selection here too .
loyal and honest mechanic .
excellent service from the young lady working tonight !
this place is great if you want something fast .
the staff are friendly and attentive !
the green chili was hot , i loved it .
tastes like home made !
my favorite is the jalapeno burger .
way to go , whataburger !
the food here is usually prepared very well .
seriously the best service ever !
( really it was ! )
the service has always been very friendly .
good seafood , friendly service , prices , clean .
take a hot dog bun ( genius !
you got yourself a great sea dog !
for a fried place it's really good .
he is an great doctor .
i feel so much better .
i am so thankful for the great service .
cool shop , cool peeps , cool transaction .
great place , it's like my second home .
always great work coming out of here .
very professional and great customer service .
i love this place !
very clean , professional , and helpful .
he was very helpful had great communication skills .
the employee was so so nice .
the jalapeo poppers and fries were good .
thank you so much for another job well done !
the best turf driving range around !
both roll very fast but still help with practice .
price are fair for the tech .
it's a very clean and friendly driving range .
they have great prices too .
what a great store !
i thought this place was pretty neat .
the staff was also pretty nice and helpful .
and overall , the price was decent .
our boys loved the indoor putting green .
found this place on groupon .
the staff was very nice , great customer service .
clean and up to date equipment .
will definitely be going back .
neat ball delivery system tees it up for you !
very happy with this facility !
thanks for awesome customer service .
keep up the good work !
i had the works car wash yesterday .
car smells soo good .
i also must mentioned i moved out of state .
everybody has great customer service !
car was great after my detail was done !
the check out girls are sweet as well !
my new car wash spot !
always delicious and always there when i need it .
the place is very clean and bright .
likes their salsa bar and services was usually quick .
staff always friendly and know who you are .
i just love the staff here !
i would highly recommend taking your car here .
the staff was very friendly .
i definitely would recommend this place !
nicest , most honest group of guys ever .
honest and competent - you can't ask for more .
very honest and fast service .
will return for service again .
but will help you repair your auto correctly .
super nice people good price and excellent service .
always willing to explain costs and options for repair .
honesty and integrity is what this place is about .
they are friendly , honest , and fairly priced .
quality service and honest results .
overall , good customer service and quality work done .
alterations are good as well .
extremely helpful and courteous service .
the onsite seamstress is very professional .
great nail salon with great services !
on time , quality service !
scott 's hard gel treatment is excellent !
friendly , clean and convenient .
scott does an amazing job with my gel manicure .
he keeps my wife 's nails looking her best .
friendly , fast and great manicures .
friendly , fast and great manicures .
the nail color selection is good .
the price is reasonable and it is very clean .
i had a great pedi and gel mani .
she's thorough and does a clean job .
salon is clean and well maintained .
i definitely will go back when i'm in town .
clean , friendly and excellent nail techs !
best mani pedi in town !
great decor , easy location and ample parking .
scott does a great job with gel fill .
i was surprised how well .
i recommend going here !
i highly recommend paradise chiropractic .
first and foremost are drs .
very friendly and warm .
call them , you will feel better !
they are great people and a reputable practice .
it's nice that they also offer waxing too .
just discovered this nail place and i like it !
will continue to go back .
reasonable price will be back for sure .
so , i'll definitely come back .
i felt very safe .
rooms are very clean .
not authentic , but unique .
what a great place to have fun while shopping !
how cool is that !
send my friends and clients there all the time .
keep up the good work valerie !
what a fun place .
great photo areas , and beautiful garden area !
hilarious signs and nice play areas .
the is our favorite course for sure !
it was so fun .
had a great round here .
i am so impressed .
an incredibly comfortable and welcoming office .
kristin is an amazing hygienist !
what a phenomenal dentist and such a nice man .
i highly recommend their practice !
tacos were fun , tasty , sauce was great .
we loved the dining experience .
the view is fantastic and the food even better .
i love this place .
it's pricey , but the food is spectacular .
definitely will be back .
excellent selection and wine list .
great atmosphere , patio and service .
delicious bread and lunch menu .
the atmosphere is classic desert !
a lovely place for an outdoor lunch .
this place was so awesomely good .
the flavors were robust and interesting .
each and every one of us were impressed .
gorgeous setting and wonderful food !
the chips were homemade and absolutely incredible .
the accompanying salsas were also delicious .
i ordered a burger and it was incredible .
beautiful spot in cave creek .
service is always friendly and professional .
food is consistently good .
the service is good .
and the food was really quite good .
quite a few vegan dishes , delicious local wines .
both times it was great !
one of the best restaurants in the valley .
it's also a great place for lunch and dinner .
this place is great !
loved the dcor and the food was fantastic .
our meals were tasty and the service was great .
the house made bread was good .
everything was delicious and satisfying .
the food is consistently impressive .
their veal liver was superb .
epic food either fancy or simple .
best thing away from the great lakes !
great food , superb service , wonderful menu .
all around , a really great experience .
it was a very good experience .
the squash soup and corn chowder were wonderful .
my wife really enjoyed her pasta .
this is a favorite of our friends .
the food was very well prepared .
i loved the ambiance !
they have a pretty decent happy hour .
both the food and the service were excellent .
the view is breathtaking .
beware of the margaritas .
everyone said their meals were perfect .
good prices and decent size portions with great atmosphere .
food is very good and service is good .
so savor it if you go !
what a great dining experience !
the vegetable nosh was fantastic !
the short ribs were delicious !
the atmosphere was great !
dessert , chocolate cake , was super as well !
highly recommend this spot .
great food , impeccable service , beautiful surroundings .
the food was off the chart excellent .
best scallops i've ever had .
i look forward to dining here again .
i was happy to pay the bill .
everything was fresh and cooked to perfection .
blt and a sam adams on a beautiful day .
all the staff was delightful .
will return if we're ever in the area again .
excellent service every time i have been here .
a good selection of food and/or salads .
southwestern ambiance , small gem !
the ruben was equally as good .
john and cody do a really nice job .
excellent az wine and appetizer menu .
pricey , but worth it .
i love this place .
the food is amazing .
my friend enjoyed their tacos .
you will love it .
the food is awesome , as is the service .
just what we needed and fun too .
the corn chowder is a must !
the cobb salad was fresh & light .
the views from the patio area were beautiful .
the menu has solid choices at each price point .
the interior has a very authentic feel .
very knowledgeable and friendly staff , nice beer list .
food is always good .
servers are prompt and informative about specials , etc .
had the blt with sweet potato tots .
both were very good .
i would recommend this restaurant .
great view of the golf course .
i love this place so much !
food , drinks , and ambiance , all excellent .
this a great lunch sized portion and very light .
delicious food , great outdoor patio .
great views , great food .
this restaurant is tucked on a beautiful golf course .
the vegan chocolate cake was amazing .
great place to kick back and relax .
cave creek 's hidden gem !
the best part was the salmon .
good service , good eats .
the food was beautifully presented and really delicious !
we all loved the food .
the guests love it !
fair pricing i feel .
awesome metal sculptures and other great finds .
the owners are incredibly friendly and helpful .
i am a fan !
friendly and helpful employees .
lots of great finds here .
every one here was super friendly and helpful .
your out-of-town visitors will also love it !
what a great store .
great place to peruse .
it turned out awesome !
fun mix of unique clothing .
something as a gift or for yourself .
very reasonable pricing , all sizes .
always good service by friendly staff .
i love harold 's .
everything has been good .
best damn chicken sandwich in the state .
its a big breakfast , and oh so tasty !
the meat has a smoky flavor .
this bar is awesome .
i'm a fan for sure .
margaritas on tap are actually really good .
great atmosphere to watch steelers games !
fun place with live band .
food is excellent especially the steaks .
fun events going on here all the time !
it is a ton of fun !
the best breakfast ever !
our main dishes were good too .
one of my favorites is the cajun prime rib .
i love this place .
the service while slow is always good .
the fish fry is a favorite of mine .
done right and simple .
what a neat place to go .
all food comes out hot and with a smile !
the servers here are cute and friendly .
it's a steelers bar so watch what you say .
great taco salad and bbq sandwich .
very cowboy feel to the place .
great place for sunday brunch .
blood mary 's very good .
this place was packed .
fast and friendly service .
morgan was great best breakfast in cave creek .
this place is absolutely amazing .
personally i love the burgers and the pulled pork .
great food , great service and friendly people .
very good food and excellent entertainment !
great people and a great place .
our waitress was excellent .
mindy harris was amazing friday night .
outstanding food and service .
steak salad came with fries on top .
the food is awesome and consistant .
the food drink and entertainment was family focused .
best ribs so far on this usa trip .
i will definitely be back !
happy labor day to me !
great place to sit outside and beautiful views !
this place rocks for beer .
great service and a really good breakfast !
super cute country bar & restaurant .
best food in cave creek .
very nice and accommodating .
service is excellent and friendly .
she is extremely professional .
always enjoy the breakfast buffet .
a good value and great food .
his service is always top notch .
they also have a fantastic band on thursday nights .
definitely ask for angela though if you go in .
my drink was always full .
we also enjoyed the band .
food and happy hour were great .
friday nights are real fun .
i'm a big fan of harold 's .
huge menu so explore the options .
i will be back for sure !
he's a rare gem .
thank you tony , and we recommend this eatery !
just had the best breakfast !
food was so so good and priced right !
great service ( thanks again tina !
great first time experience !
everyone enjoyed their food .
lots of flavor and over all everything cooked perfectly .
great cowboy country experience as well .
the mussels were fantastic .
my margarita was delicious .
the food is decent if your drinking its perfect .
i got the steak sandwich .
the french fries come inside of it !
the bbq is always great .
the fish tacos my wife says are the best .
love love love this place !
the live music is always fantastic !
atmosphere is fun and upbeat .
country music at its finest .
the food is excellent for the money .
the service is fast and the bar service fantastic .
thank you lisa for providing us a great experience .
what an amazing place .
the food was great and service amazing .
always a fun time .
it is our go-to place and never disappoints .
she was attentive , sweet and accommodating .
it comes with a homemade spicy hollandaise .
friendly staff tv 's everywhere .
the bikers added to the experience .
service was fantastic too .
live music , huge outdoor patio and great menu !
and service is always good .
great addition to the staff .
the best fish and chips in town !
great family place to bring the kids .
great happy prices , do get here before 6pm .
the bar staff is great .
love the cowboy nights .
we had a great time !
russ was a great trail guide !
this is a must do while in the area !
the rate was fair and the experience was amazing !
i love this library .
a wonderful place for locals and visitors alike .
it's a fun little morning adventure .
what a great small town place for breakfast .
well , that is what i was told .
real food that tastes good .
good little breakfast place .
we sat outside and the breeze was so nice .
honestly , we had no complaints about this restaurant .
would definitely recommend to anyone in the area .
great biscuits and gravy and the best bacon ever .
friendly service and prices are very reasonable .
it is old , but i consider it charming .
one cook , one hostess , one waitress .
very very casual dress .
but the food was tasty .
pancakes were fluffy and good flavor .
i had good old ham and eggs .
one of the best places in town for breakfast .
i love that they have a mini blizzard size .
i had the pumpkin blizzard which was extremely delightful .
this restaurant is simply amazing .
it's huge and hard to finish .
prices are very reasonable .
it's a true small town store .
good prices and owner is very friendly .
i also like their enchiladas .
the best chicken enchiladas i have had .
great tacos , fry bread and burritos .
it's a win win .
give it a try !
spinach enchilada was outstanding .
tacos crisp , perfect .
this was authentic and well prepared .
always delicious , always character , always an experience .
love this little place .
the food here is simply amazing .
unique and eclectic atmosphere .
friendly owner and staff .
definitely the place to eat in cave creek !
excellent mexican food with lots of flavor .
i love this place .
the spinach enchilada plate was fantastic .
the owner is very friendly and entertaining .
i purchased merchandise as well .
the prices are very reasonable .
the food here is so good !
it's perfectly authentic cave creek .
the food here is so good !
it's perfectly authentic cave creek .
the food was amazing .
it it's always fantastic and consistent in every way .
always a fun place to visit .
it is a great tourist spot to visit too .
everything we've had there is delicious .
it's simple , fresh , homemade , and delicious .
our favorite mexican food place !
very rustic , very unique , very friendly .
best mexican food in arizona .
freaking amazing authentic food .
great hidden gem in cave creek .
great fry bread , great mexican food .
it is in the back of a gift shop .
great , great classic french food !
this is a must visit place !
very attentive service , even from the elderly owner .
great place to dine !
went there on our anniversary and was delighted .
the food was delicious and served piping hot .
love love this place .
wow , what a great birthday meal we had .
such a great variety .
thanks for the birthday cheesecake .
i had the veal oscar , very well prepared .
lovely restaurant in a restored home .
lovely wine selection served with a flair .
delicious and a lovely atmosphere .
the champagne by the glass is decent too .
best place i've eaten so far .
( the right tools always help . )
customer service is fantastic .
they keep you informed !
they also have a courtesy vehicle .
great company and great customer service .
keep up the good / right work !
i was extremely happy with their service and professionalism .
both came out with great results .
i genuinely appreciate the dedication , dynamite creek !
thank you so much for your compassion and professionalism .
i would highly recommend them .
truly as good as it gets !
great food , terrific drinks and nice people .
the same original good food in a new place .
it's a weekly place for us .
this is an amazing clinic !
we love her and so do our animals .
she also takes care of his son chance .
best place for your furry loved ones .
great haircut and great conversation .
best cut i have had in an age .
the barbers are really friendly .
both sam and olga do an excellent job .
patty runs an operation that is all top notch !
a beautiful ride in the scenic sonoran desert .
fabulous fabulous and fabulous !
my guide ian was so professional and interesting .
i found them on yelp !
even the drive to the ranch was beautiful .
its well worth the cost .
wonderful group of guys .
great group of guys very knowledgeable and friendly .
you get great prices and thorough service .
great shop with friendly knowledgeable staff .
well stocked for all mountain and road biking needs .
these guys are nice and always eager to help !
they ride and always seem to be having fun !
keep up the good work !
highly recommend this shop .
outstanding service as always .
the flat tire is great !
the staff is very knowledgable and friendly .
thank you guys for the great service !
they are simply excellent .
i've found my new shop !
great place for anyone who is interested in guitars !
great place and reasonable prices !
john the owner is a great guy .
the food is pretty darn good !
i love oak 's diner !
besides the excellent breakfast chow the staff is incredible .
they have a great selection of breakfast overall .
this place has the most amazing blueberry pancakes !
all around a entertaining and enjoyable experience .
how cute is this place ?
very friendly waitress and plenty of seating .
great menu and very reasonably priced .
i love this place !
the service is good and the food is great !
the pancakes are amazing !
more smiles than excuses makes this one special diner .
the pancakes are sooooooo good !
the customer service was outstanding !
we will dine again .
good breakfast place in cave creek .
cool place for breakfast .
breakfast burrito was fantastic .
got the blueberry pancakes .
they were very good .
wonderful service and the perfect cave creek experience .
the german pancake is delicious !
oak 's is the greatest breakfast place in arizona .
pancakes always wins , always .
stay hungry my friends .
the food and service was great .
the waitress was very sweet .
the food was fantastic .
nothing fancy but all the traditional stuff done right !
consistently great food and a large menu .
hard-working and friendly staff .
really busy and pretty quick service .
overall it was good .
quality is consistent and good .
huge , but we finished them !
again , good food , great service !
homey , nice waitress and good food !
great place to eat breakfast .
delicious baked apple pancake !
staff was nice though .
i just eat it .
alberto was so cute !
this was a great restaurant .
thanks yelpers for the suggestion .
the food was amazing !
the food is very authentic , homemade italian food .
absolutely fabulous food and staff .
the decor was casual and a bit quirky .
this was a very nice restaurant .
the owner himself comes out and talks to you .
the owner is a nice italian man .
alberto greeted us and was so very sweet !
expensive , but well worth it .
purely authentic italian restaurant .
the service was flawless .
perfect little family restaurant .
but it's super cozy and authentic inside .
but i'm totally hooked on alberto !
all of the food was great .
: ) very enjoyable meal .
amazing food and perfect service !
always the most fresh ingredients used !
great experience , we will be back .
the food was amazing .
i absolutely love this place .
it's definitely a hidden gem !
i absolutely love this place .
the pizza is amazing .
i love alberto 's .
caesar salad and prosciutto melon were wonderful .
will definitely be back again .
the lighting is a bit bright .
we had a very nice experience at alberto 's .
the pizza was delicious .
my husband really loved it !
alberto is such a nice man .
he made us feel very appreciated .
this place was wonderful !
we loved the cozy atmosphere and friendly staff .
the food is so fresh .
the traditional atmosphere is perfect .
the food and service are wonderful here .
it is our new favorite place .
the margarita is excellent .
cute local owned atmosphere .
this is a great place .
my wife and i just love this place .
real italian and the owner is always here .
great atmosphere and staff is super nice .
everything is fresh made in house .
still the best authentic italian food in town !
everything country and such neat finds .
the staff was very friendly and welcoming .
i love this store .
we will return and shop again .
great items , unique and different .
take your time in this great store .
everything was in great condition .
it starts at the top with management .
the practice facility is really great .
the guys that run extreme arizona are awesome !
the staff is very helpful and accommodating .
definitely try this place .
you will have the time of your life .
its real neat and unusual .
the antiques are very unique !
the pricing for their items are fair !
loved the quality and how rare this furniture looked !
this is one place you have to visit !
a unique shopping experience !
the horses were great .
lee and rhonda you guys are great people .
they loved the stories the guide told preston .
anyhow great service and fun !
i recommend this place to everyone .
excellent , excellent place to take a trail ride .
it was a great place to start a day .
the landscape is beautiful desert themed .
wonderful and kind people that work on this ranch .
thank you for an unforgettable experience .
the staff was very friendly !
the trail was safe and fun .
we loved this ranch !
great rides , great people .
best horseback riding in the southwest !
thank you for the wonderful christmas ride !
we all enjoyed it .
the weather was crisp and clear .
the guide was personable and patient .
wow what a way to open the new year !
they are always so friendly !
she made the ride very enjoyable .
it was a great time !
we will definitely do that again !
my sister and i really enjoyed the private ride .
highly recommend this stable , you won't be disappointed .
did see some native wild life .
it was a great ride .
what a great experience !
staff was excellent and facility is beautiful .
sue was our guide and did a great job .
horses were very well behaved .
this is their kind of place !
buffalo chip is awesome .
it's very family friendly .
larry the owner / manager is fantastic .
do it , you know you want to .
holy bull riding batman !
i just love it here .
definitely a good time .
the day before the super bowl , mind you !
quite the cultural experience for city folk like me .
it was fun and kid friendly !
enjoy the bull riding up close and personal !
great customer service and very personable .
this place is definitely my local hang out spot .
i enjoyed this place - i think .
they had a great band !
the food we had was greasy and good !
buffalo chip is like another world !
the food is ok , but nothing great .
great place to go with a group of friends .
great place to spend a friday evening .
very crowded but kid friendly and inviting .
beautiful scenery and friendly atmosphere .
now it is so much better !
good food and good times !
want the wild west saloon experience ?
you got it here !
just a fun place to eat and hang out .
all i can say is wow .
it was a great night .
great friday night activity .
good luck finding a parking space , btw .
try the street tacos - excellent !
fun saloon with a ton of character !
i just love this place !
the genuine western ambience is outstanding .
waitress was so cute and helpful .
the staff was warm and friendly .
the crowd was fun .
it was a perfect night .
come here every friday and sunday !
hanging around the fire pits is always good time .
this is a really unique fun place to go !
i love this place & totally worth the drive !
the staff at buffalo chip were exceptional !
the food was outstanding !
highly recommend bc for your next large group function !
bill is the best .
recommend it to everybody .
great ambiance both inside and out .
a lot of fun !
always a fun time !
honey butter biscuits , omg !
that was a lot of fun .
the rest of my experience was enjoyable though .
it's quite the thrill .
this place is so fun !
the pulled pork & brisket are awesome !
great live music , fun crowd .
even us city kids had a great night here !
this place is fantastic !
man oh man , this place is great .
worth the trip you'll be glad you went .
fun place , friendly people as well .
i had a great time at the chip !
lots of fun , and the food was great .
the place is awesome !
the atmosphere , service , entertainment and food .
but beware of the police !
friendly bartender and server .
, was so friendly and personable .
the atmosphere is so much fun !
they always have pretty great service .
one particular time the service was absolutely amazing .
the chip is my absolute favorite hometown bar .
i will always be a loyal fan .
i love their bloody mary breakfast at the weekend .
very cool out of the way place .
this place has everything !
very nice guy works there and very helpful .
the best fried chicken anywhere .
my husband and i enjoyed our dinner here .
they fried chicken was really good .
our waitress was really friendly .
the sauce is incredible .
best fried chicken in town !
a unique locals restaurant .
the decor is cowboy style .
the food tastes good and you walk away full .
the fried chicken is delicious .
the barbecue sauce is delicious .
the ribs are moist and perfect .
best fried chicken i've ever had !
the wait staff is always friendly and efficient .
the menu has great choices .
the fired chicken is fresh and hot !
i love the bbq sauce as well .
we'll always be back !
yes , it's that dang good !
the chicken was amazing !
im telling you now !
first time for dinner here , great as usual .
alcoholic drinks are a pleasurable mix too !
kids food was good .
service was pretty good .
dog friendly patio was great .
best fried chicken ever !
the kids had the sliders and wow !
talk about a delicious burger on fresh butter buns .
love foothills animal rescue !
eddie and his team at foothills are a+ !
far has an amazing staff .
they are very helpful and knowledgeable .
i had a great pedicure .
service is great and staff is friendly .
love the services here !
they are clean and very knowledgeable about nails .
treat us like royalty .
friendly staff clean atmosphere .
great service and the freshest of ingredients .
i will definitely be back !
they got me right in !
my rugs are clean again !
thank you carefree floors - great job .
this is as good as it gets !
we have found our new carpet cleaners !
prompt , courteous , reasonable and a beautiful job !
supporting local business is the key !
thank you brian and thank you carefree floors !
i brought my kids .
they had a great time .
i was impressed by them .
great place to hang out .
the pittsburgh wings are seriously amazing !
the atmosphere is nice during the day .
the food is great and the servings are generous !
i personally recommend the wings and sliders !
great place with great service and great food !
are you freaking kidding me !
super nice and professional .
so professional , so pleasant .
very attentive and is available to make things right !
you will get quality honest work from him .
i have very good luck with this company .
i think they are a great company !
my husband and i love this family-owned local business !
great service techs and no more issues .
prompt and professional in every way possible .
they're family run and beyond honest .
had a great experience with shawn .
felt good about the visit .
this company was very straight forward and honest .
we recommend them to all our friends !
one office was very hot .
everything is working great .
they came out and fixed it right away .
i'd highly recommend them to friends and family !
very happy with the service i received .
the cost was perfectly in line with other companies .
worth any difference in cost .
continue to get great customer service .
thank you team north valley !
nicely done -- thank you !
i personally recommend them .
they are prompt and efficient .
i highly recommend them .
i highly recommend north valley mechanical .
he was so knowledgeable and honest .
congrats on a job well done .
i would use and recommend this company without hesitation .
best a/c company in the valley .
courteous , fast response and honest .
thank you for friendly , knowledgeable technicians !
it's so refreshing to be treated with respect .
i will definitely request you for any future repairs .
thanks for never giving up .
he is the best .
i would hands down recommend this school to anyone !
and we're thrilled with our choice of this school .
what a great experience for us and our kids .
as always , molly was great .
very clean grocery store .
the staff is so friendly .
the starbucks inside the safeway is also amazing !
budget friendly and gourmet .
this is my favorite fry 's around .
everyone wants to help .
the furniture is really nice western decor , obviously .
overall they have some very nice stuff .
they have a ton of cool stuff !
good service and good work .
great service , good prices .
greg is friendly and professional .
very professional and speedy to boot !
service advisor was knowledgable and communicated great !
he smelled good too !
always great service and super friendly .
i would recommend this location .
very pleasant experience would highly recommend !
it's a great pedicure for the price .
small shop , run by a couple .
you'll definitely need an appointment .
the owners are so very sweet and extremely professional .
the salon is very clean and pretty .
the owners are warm and welcoming .
this alone makes this place a little gem .
great place for a gel manicure !
extremely pleased with both services .
received personalized and friendly treatment .
i highly recommend it .
my moment of heaven every few weeks .
my nails look sensational .
truly a friendly atmosphere and very welcoming .
i was very happy with my service here .
everyone was extremely nice and very accommodating !
definitely coming back here .
this is one of my favorite starbucks locations .
the baristas are always sweet and friendly .
the employees are friendly , efficient and personable .
all i can say is this is amazing !
thanks for the smiles and great drinks !
love the staff they are the best !
great coffee , always consistent !
staff is very attentive and friendly .
it is always quiet .
misters outside are quite nice outside .
what a great little store .
i recommend and will shop again .
you really can trust them for quality and service .
it smells so wonderful in their shops .
outstanding floral design - exceptional customer service !
the service is excellent .
i recommend them completely .
this company is absolutely amazing .
you will not regret the most amazing riding adventure !
matt is one of the nicest guys around .
what a great tour !
it was fun fun fun !
great pizza and spicy bloody mary 's .
my favorite dive bar in cave creek .
this is one of the best biker bars around !
great happy hour during the week days !
the best people watching next to vegas .
the most friendly people in az hang out here .
i great conversation and service .
will be heading back real soon .
you'll take photos to share on facebook .
great food and reasonable prices .
the wings and sandwiches are good bar fare .
you will be very thankful that you did !
these were amazingly juicy .
or get the pizza , it's delicious .
the staff is awesome as well .
fun atmosphere for the biker in you .
friendly people and staff .
and the custom bike company touches are cool .
will be back the next time i roll through !
best biker bar in az .
the food is great too !
great service and fresh food .
the food is hot and good.
the nightly fish special is always worth a try .
the food is good and the service is friendly .
patrons are friendly as well .
one drawback is that they close kind of early .
fish tacos were great and greek salad was refreshing .
the ambiance was modern and comfortable .
nice and cool too .
good , friendly service .
decor is modern and sober .
food is very good .
will be going back for sure !
you will love it !
this place is a nice neighborhood restaurant .
this place is good .
i really like this place .
it's a great local joint !
food and service were great .
this restaurant is beyond amazing .
their food was also excellent !
food is good staff is nice .
is often there and is super nice .
great service and a very good hamburger .
we always have good service .
it's great having a restaurant close by .
we ordered hamburgers and they were large and delicious .
love their food , definitely hits the spot !
cindy was one of the best servers i've had .
excellent american food and very friendly staff !
delicious thin crust pizza and fish tacos .
yummy fresh spinach dip .
service was excellent and the food good .
the place is definitely a keeper .
been going there for years and i love it !
the food is delicious and it's consistent .
she is exceedingly friendly and made wonderful suggestions .
no place is perfect .
came in for dinner .
atmosphere is nice sports bar .
we really enjoyed the food though !
gray job , cant wait to bring the kids .
the service here is definitely the selling point .
the service was friendly and efficient .
the food is great !
stop you've found it !
excellent service and atmosphere .
kids love the pizza .
nachos and spicy chicken sandwich are top picks !
the food is good and the service is exceptional .
i've met so many nice people there .
great food and decent prices .
it seems like everyone there is family .
the food is just great and big portions .
great food all around !
great service and good value too .
it's one of my favorites in the area .
food was good , reliable , nothing spectacular .
my partner loved the beer selection .
great food and friendly staff .
great local sports bar .
friendly service , clean , wonderful atmosphere .
the fish tacos were phenomenal !
definitely recommend the philly cheese and the fish tacos .
fish fry on friday 's is a third favorite !
i also really enjoyed their buffalo wings .
so far it's the best pizza in the area .
needs slightly better ambiance and more inviting entry .
this us our local go to restaurant .
perfect little bar and grill .
we had a good time !
it's always a pleasant time here .
take out is always easy and quick .
prices are reasonable and their cheesesteaks are awesome !
best tomato salad in the valley as well .
they are literally the best wings we've ever had .
cindy was our server and she was phenomenal !
we will definitely be back !
i can always count on them !
the work they've done with our dog definitely shows .
staff is always great .
reasonable price for resort golf .
the selection was good other than that .
i thought this was a nice store .
everything about this place was great !
i highly recommend this b & b !
the scenery is absolutely breathtaking !
makes the ride very entertaining .
very enjoyable and personal trail ride !
we just loved our sunset ride !
sign up for the sunset ride .
staff was well educated and very friendly .
our horses were gentle and calm .
i highly recommend cave creek trail rides .
highlight of our trip !
gentle horses and good instruction for first time riders .
horses appear well cared for !
beautiful scenery up and down hills .
good for all levels of trail riders .
i would highly recommend them .
now my waterfall is beautiful again .
very good food and great people working there .
other than that , it's a winner .
it's worth it for peace of mind !
most honest shop we've ever been to !
they also build and repair bikes .
great food , great price .
very good food for decent price .
carne asada with beans and rice !
the food was good and the service was friendly .
we'd highly recommend it .
excellent value for the money , and outstanding food .
a local favorite around here .
the best part , it's practically walking distance .
the original is the best .
got ta try those tortillas !
it's perfect the way it is .
it is outstanding and the prices are very reasonable .
the margaritas are also wonderful ( and enormous ) .
the food is always amazing and had never disappointed .
i love this place !
we love the food .
everything was fresh and so tasty !
the service was great too !
i practically cleaned my plate .
i would highly recommend this place .
great food and very authentic .
service was good and quick .
this place is amazing & relaxing !
this place is great !
otherwise the food was great !
will definitely return again !
this is the good location .
friendly & warm atmosphere .
the pitcher of margaritas hit the spot .
my daughter loved her kids meal .
i ordered a shrimp burrito and it was outstanding !
their rice and beans are exceptionally good as well !
i also ordered a sangria .
will definitely be back !
the service is great too .
since i moved to az .
our server , eric , was the best .
the salsa was great and so were the tacos .
one of the best mexican places around .
sunday brunch is always fun .
will definitely be a regular place to go .
i will be a customer for life here !
wow best mexican food so far .
staff is so friendly .
this is our new place !
margaritas were refreshing and delicious !
beef chimichanga and chicken chimichanga were really delicious !
how good was this place ?
really enjoyed the food here .
owners is very friendly and always walking around .
ok , midwest guys , best ever mexican .
right flavors on my mexican comfort food list .
service was prompt and pleasant .
prices are very reasonable .
nice atmosphere and very good food .
loved the food at this place .
friendly service , welcoming atmosphere .
the staff were helpful and humorous .
great salsa with chips as well .
the coyote margaritas are awesome , very nice flavors .
service was great and friendly .
their chimichangas are the best !
amazing customer service and delicious food .
the waiter recommend the rio burrito which was delicious .
salsa and chips awesome .
great drinks ( get the strawberry margarita ! )
a true gem and we are definitely coming back !
full of flavor and not just thrown together .
i do appreciate the hostess she was nice .
the customer service is almost always on point .
my absolute favorite mexican restaurant !
and the burrito de fajita was amazing !
best mexican food we've found near surprise , az .
we both loved them .
we will definitely be back .
overall the experience was great !
they were very enjoyable to listen to !
i recommend you visit if you're in the area .
very good margaritas as well .
you made my day !
the mariachi band really made our visit enjoyable .
it was a absolutely amazing !
absolutely love this restaurant .
always a good experience .
great staff always willing to help .
love my neighborhood walgreens !
the food is good !
the food is delicious .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
this is a hidden gem .
great mexican seafood with great options .
= ) love our domino 's !
the dinner is great .
best pool in town .
this hotel is , well it is different .
however , that goes for the whole town .
glad i found this place !
we honestly loved this motel !
this place was pretty cool .
great service , very clean , comfortable rooms .
it's an adventure staying here .
it's clean and unique .
great place to lay your head for a night .
the hotel is decent for what you pay .
clean affordable motel , excellent front desk service .
we always stop here on road trips .
clean restrooms and cool art for sale .
the bathrooms are new and clean .
mirrors and a wonderful area - fantastic .
it is always decent at good prices .
nice people and clean .
my breakfast was really good !
everything was cooked perfectly and i loved the plates !
had a delicious breakfast here .
i give this four stars based on my expectation .
greasy and delicious fried chicken and mashed potatoes .
good service and friendly staff .
" sure we can do that ! "
food was really good and hot .
super tasty fries came with my sandwich .
we will definitely stop in here again .
the servers are very friendly and ambiance is interesting .
overall a good little spot .
the french toast is great for breakfast .
the service was quick and reasonably friendly .
overall a good experience .
we loved the space age restaurant .
this is truly a gem in the desert .
the staff is friendly and the food very good .
a mix of mexican and american fare is available .
also , bought a mug because duh .
great food , service and the bathrooms were clean .
what a great place to eat .
good portions , good coffee and cute souvenirs .
pretty fly for a space guy .
the bacon was perfect and the coffee fresh .
this place is freaking awsome !
staff here are a hoot .
i love this place .
thank goodness they remodeled .
new always feels better .
have not tried ribs , but they look great !
they are fresh and i think are homemade .
never had anything exceptional .
very flavorful , authentic mexican food .
the food was delicious .
super service very friendly .
they have great salsa here .
love the food and the salsa rocks !
the food has homemade flair and is simply great .
homemade tortillas and the burritos are enormous !
i will definitely be back !
the burrito was delicious and filling .
will defiantly recommend to friends .
the food is absolutely delicious .
the carne asada is one of my favorites !
the chicken used was very good .
agree chips warm and fresh .
unassuming outside , nice decor inside , and clean .
the restaurant was cozy and clean .
overall it was a solid home run .
the food was delicious !
the service was nice and prompt .
i recommend this place !
the food was fresh , authentic and very affordable .
the food here is delicious .
the portions are big and very good prices .
everything we ate was good .
omg amazing authentic home style mexican food .
service was very friendly .
we we will certainly come here again .
the salsa they serve the chips is excellent .
the food is pretty great .
the service is exceptional everybody super nice .
the waitress is always friendly !
an almost perfect experience .
people very friendly and outgoing .
generous amount of food which satisfied our hunger .
such a nice cozy place .
will definitely come back and recommend this place .
service is always good .
service was great and the restaurant was very clean .
authentic , legit mexican food .
friendly , fast , service .
great way to kick off our trip .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
this is a great little mexican restaurant .
and they were delicious .
everything was fresh , authentic and priced great .
i still had a great time .
great dive bar given the location .
bright lights and friendly attitude .
i'm definitely coming back !
definitely recommend this place .
he was very fast and professional .
replaced promptly and efficiently .
he went above and beyond my expectation .
thank you very much , rick .
rick and jesse are awesome !
rick and jess are amazing !
i highly recommend them !
charged me exactly what he quoted .
punctual , meticulous and competitive .
had a great experience with these guys .
he really helped us out when we needed it !
very happy i found this place !
i would definitely recommend !
they are extremely helpful , courteous , and knowledgeable .
great maps and books on everywhere !
this is par for the course for aaa .
i had a great experience .
my european adventure will be smooth thanks to aaa !
she was very nice and helpful !
jennifer was very patient and answered all our questions .
thank you , aaa !
other than that , everything was great .
i would absolutely do this again !
he is very knowledgeable , friendly , and patient .
i highly recommend this pet hospital to others .
they work very well with children also .
this is hands down the best dentists office .
they are always willing to see a new person .
dr lee is amazing !
the hygienists are also very good .
i really love this office !
i'm in love with this place !
dr. lee is a friendly fellow .
always caring with my dog .
just all around great people here .
he is the best !
will definitely go back .
great staff and very clean .
pricing is decent also .
great place go check them out .
excellent food and very clean .
fast and accurate orders .
food is always great !
the sesame chicken is excellent here .
great crab puffs and fried rice here as well !
i have been eating here for years .
the waiters are very nice .
they always remember our drink order and food order .
nice and clean and friendly / attentive .
great food at really great prices !
and they give you a great portion .
terrific service every time .
i highly recommend it .
i love it great spot in my favorite town !
the sweet and sour pork never disappoints .
the atmosphere is always friendly .
great lunch specials with egg roll !
great food at reasonable prices .
dinner combo 's for two are a good deal !
the crab puffs were great !
great food and even better prices .
best chinese food i have found in this area .
easily once of my favorite places for lunch !
love the food and the price !
best chinese good i've had .
fast and hot every time .
it's the place to go !
the best chinese food around .
even better than pf changs .
great take out place .
just an update : this restaurant is worth it .
great chinese food always ranks high in my book .
best chinese food in the area by far .
the orange beef and walnut shrimp are fantastic .
first time there , and we had good experience !
i enjoyed the potstickers , very meaty .
first time here and my daughter loved it !
great service , great food nice atmosphere .
i love this place .
amazing food and a very friendly staff .
this place hit the spot !
we got the noodles and it was very fulfilling .
the egg rolls are great !
o my gosh amazing food .
service awesome , huge portions very great prices !
great food , great service !
its the best in my opinion .
the pork lo main is awesome .
a favorite for years !
this place is absolutely the best !
i mean everything is delicious !
the crab puff had great flavor .
just good affordable chinese place close the my house .
definitely one of my local faves !
the food is excellent !
the service is great !
the lunch menu is the best deal anywhere !
definatly my new favorite chinese place !
very friendly staff and huge servings .
food taste very fresh and served fast and hot !
that is customer service !
i love this place .
found this gem on yelp .
staff friendly and courteous .
by far my favorite in peoria az area .
i love this place .
also love the sweet and sour chicken .
my favorite chinese place !
this is my favorite little spot .
that staff is always friendly .
absolutely love this place .
i will come back to this place .
great food and great service .
definitely recommend sweet and sour chicken or teriyaki chicken .
the food tastes very good .
great food & awesome service .
awesome food and great prices .
the customer service was top notch .
my favorite chinese place around here !
great food but not so great service .
i highly recommend them .
great place , awesome food .
overall i and my family love this place .
the food is always amazing !
just moved to peoria .
we love it here .
prices are great too !
big servings and a family friendly setting .
everything is delicious and so , so affordable .
amazing spot a must try !
the crab puffs and pork egg rolls were delicious .
good sweet and sour sauce , too .
this place is so delicious .
customer service is an a+ .
always very pleasant when you ask for something extra .
the staff is friendly and very attentive .
i would recommend to anyone in this area .
she was so sweet and happy .
literally the best pizza hut pizza i've ever had .
price is always right as well .
another yelp success story !
can you say amazing !
good pizza and superior cheese .
great value especially the lunch special .
i will definitely come back .
and highly recommend it !
salad was really great antipasto .
very fresh and lots of meat and cheese .
the crust is crispy and everything is delicious .
nice alternative to a pizza chain .
one of my favorite pizza places in town .
the sicilian pizza is the best .
the prices are fair and the deals are astounding !
i love this place !
they have the greatest variety of things !
this consignment shop is my favorite !
they always have sales and reasonable prices !
but seriously you have to check this place out !
beautiful red highlights , cute updated hair cut .
the entire staff is down to earth and friendly .
she will take great care of you !
best place for color .
they really work with you .
he's the best and i highly recommend allen .
thank you for making me smile again !
i will be back !
i would recommend this brake masters with confidence .
i highly recommend for quality and service .
as always , their service is fast and friendly .
the front desk gentleman was very informative and personable .
you can tell these guys really enjoy being there .
thank you for the prompt and friendly service !
very very kind and professional mechanics .
i'm definitely going back .
white chocolate caribou is my favorite !
great place to sit back and relax .
the carmel latte was perfect coffee goodness .
excellent customer service and amazing coffee .
the bookstore is fun to look in too .
i love this place !
i love the caribou .
thank you for the help !
very friendly people working there !
very well organized , bright , and clean .
the coffee is amazing .
it's a great place to study .
the staff are all kind and easy going .
just calm and sweet people .
this place is amazing !
i highly recommend this place .
good coffee , great service .
this is such a friendly store .
always helpful and kind .
it is such a sweet sight .
they have a great used book section also .
the best coffee in town !
they also carry some vegan & gluten-free pastries !
love this coffee shop & bookstore !
the coffee here is extremely good .
their cold brew coffee is also really good .
i love this place .
my favorite drink is the white caribou .
love , love , love this place !
the coffee side is great as well .
a very comfortable atmosphere in which to hang out !
definitely one of my favorite spots .
so delicious & perfectly made .
thank you for the suggestion !
and great service , super friendly !
the baristas are the best !
they are incredibly knowledgeable and friendly .
the baristas here are the best , especially melissa !
they are always so knowledgeable & helpful .
this place is perfect for studying and relaxing !
they had interesting christian music playing in the background .
super comfy couches and wonderful beverages .
many thanks from a new loyal customer .
we really had a lot of fun !
service was great and very friendly .
it's fairly clean , and pretty big .
good place for families as well as a date .
it has a more modern feel !
hanging out with my family .
this bowling alley is nice and new .
the equipment and the space is clean and bright .
we always have a great time here !
good location always have what i need .
good prices on most things .
very knowledgeable and super friendly .
the people and the staff are friendly and chatty .
the nachos are the best nachos i've ever had !
we have had great food and daily specials .
good drinks and service .
megan and terri are friendly and attentive .
service is always super .
food is always tasty .
the other bar tenders suck !
but megan is the best !
she is friendly and knows her shit .
great food and drinks .
we bring our kids on tuesday they eat free .
i love this spot .
i also love their wing wednesday deal .
terri is so fun .
she is a hard worker and very friendly .
the blizzards are almost always well made here .
susan and her team are friendly and caring .
the ramsey team is fantastic .
they are the best !
i love this store !
i definitely recommend this place over goodwill .
we are customers for life .
if it can't , you need a new car !
all of the staff was very friendly .
the staff & management was absolutely awesome .
he's the best service manager i've ever encountered .
food is the same .
it's a good cause .
this american chain actually has veggie burgers !
every time i have been they provide awesome service .
very extremely fast service .
please keep the cheeseburger pizza this time .
awesome company to work with .
these guys are amazing !
the best a/c company in az !
got my food fast and efficient .
staff was very nice .
bathrooms and lobby are clean .
the hot sauce is actually hot .
and the service is fantastic !
always clean and inviting .
the food and service here are always great .
the food was amazing !
this place is good depending on what you get .
the lunch special is a good deal .
the beans are really good .
fried fish is really good .
the service is good and the food is better .
food was amazing , authentic and fresh .
the margaritas were delicious as well .
good chips and verde salsa .
love the food and margaritas !
nice quaint family owned restaurant with excellent food !
wife and i love it !
but everything on the menu has aways been fantastic .
flavorful food , all of it .
friendly attentive staff , warm atmosphere , considerate guests .
this place is soooo good !
the staff is also super sweet and helpful .
some of the best mexican food i've ever had !
the food was very good .
really great authentic food !
the ladies here are very friendly and attentive !
i highly recommend this salon and jennifer to everyone !
i'll definitely be returning .
fast and friendly service .
these guys are the best .
they were great and helpful .
very affordable and would definitely recommend them .
i love this place .
always a good experience .
store was clean and bright .
it is literally in a corner .
very , very small selection .
i would recommend them night or day .
the results turned out good and i am happy .
i highly recommend them .
i would highly recommend them .
great food and great service !
their bread is always fresh .
nice to see joanna again !
omg amazing food and great service !
always clean and fast friendly service loved it !
i love sunday coupons .
they go above and beyond to please their customers .
they have great deals on dresses !
the best place for nail care hands down !
nice employees and clean restaurant .
very tasty mexican food .
came for taco tuesday 's and loved it !
great food for a great price !
it's a fun place for families .
i thought that was very nice .
i thought that was very nice .
good pizza and friendly staff .
very good food though !
bartenders were very friendly , amazing !
bikers club was great too !
i am enjoying this place & karaoke lol !
seriously the best pedicure and service i've ever had .
all the people working there are so friendly .
i highly recommend getting the facials they offer .
it was the most amazing facial ever !
perfectly painted gel nails and amazing brows .
the service is amazing .
simply awesome work and customer service .
i absolutely love coming here !
everyone is super sweet and super friendly !
they will definitely satisfied your wants and needs !
tina did a beautiful job on my nails !
cathy did a beautiful job with my pedicure .
the customer service is always spot on .
i highly recommend this shop .
don was wonderful and fixed the job midas couldn't .
real deal mechanic , honest , and informative .
good place for lunch .
i love love love this place !
great place to eat !
they are very polite and the food is delicious .
i love this place .
food is always delicious and i love the staff .
great place to have your auto work done .
great little bar & grill .
the wait staff was very friendly and prompt .
go check it out !
oh , and the other food is good too !
nice place to hang out with friends .
good beer and friendly staff !
the staff was very attentive and friendly .
friendly service and good atmosphere .
best dive bar around .
keep up the good work .
this place is perfect .
see u there when your in town .
i love they pour correctly .
it is clean and inviting .
i went thru the drive-thru and was very pleased .
i rather them fresh .
she is that good !
these guys are the best .
this place is great .
a real hidden gem as someone else said .
great service , great food at even better prices .
we were pleased and will return for more .
good food excellent service .
fried rice was cooked well .
the food was very good ; tasty and mild .
very good , quick , kind service !
i'd definitely go here again !
fast and friendly service .
food is always fresh and delicious .
egg drop is amazing .
great service when we came in .
found this place on yelp and was very surprised .
i will definitely be going back soon .
food is always good a reasonably priced .
another star for the food quality .
another star for the food being worth the price .
and the food is delicious to boot .
egg foo young was amazing .
loved the food with the old owners .
tonight ordered the veggie delight .
the owners very nice !
still my favorite chinese in the neighborhood !
love that you can watch them cook !
let me tell you , bo bo nailed it !
the price was right and we were extremely pleased .
he is very honest and has fair pricing .
i would recommend him for auto work to anyone .
best mechanic in town !
love this place and my car is perfect .
fair and reasonable prices .
i can't recommend him enough !
i'm a customer for life !
he was very nice and helpful .
absolutely love this place !
definitely a bit divey .
it's a nice little dive bar .
really nice people and employees too .
they are quick , friendly , and respectful .
great service and very friendly .
the staff is excellent and very friendly .
absolutely stunning , no matter what you need done .
steve , mike , and crew are amazing !
they go above and beyond your expectations .
thanks guys , keep up the great work !
amazing service and extremely friendly !
fast , local service .
my technician david was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable .
great mom and pop place in peoria .
we just moved nearby and love this place .
i like the crisp lettuce with warm filling .
i loooove this place !
best chinese food ever !
service is good but the food is really good .
fried rice soup its great too .
what a great person to have on staff !
service is always quick and friendly .
got ta love it .
quick , courteous , and helpful staff .
excellent customer service discount provides .
discount has a dedicated customer for life .
the staff is always courteous and friendly .
the staff is knowledgeable , caring and kind .
thanks wally and crew !
i will definitely come back and recommend it .
awesome service from these guys .
great customer service and fast .
they price match and they honor their warranties .
had another delicious meal here again .
the food is always excellent .
they did an outstanding job .
we used classic catering for our wedding reception .
they were beyond fantastic .
i especially loved their attitude .
the food and service was incredible .
they will definitely be hearing from me again !
thank you for a wonderful experience .
great guy , great business !
organized , honest , and experienced .
big thanks to classic catering .
highly , highly recommended !
thank you joseph for working so well with us !
great communication and support .
the food was excellent and we had plenty !
accommodating to our needs , polite and very friendly .
and dessert the cannoli cake - delicious !
our overall experience - outstanding !
just a good ol ' neighborhood restaurant !
very friendly staff and quick service .
my tummy is happy .
this place was excellent .
it's a family atmosphere and is almost always crowded .
keep up the great work with this place !
my family and i will defiantly be back !
nice place for homemade food .
my mom likes this place .
love taking my wife here for breakfast .
great little family ran cafe .
my new favorite is the prime rib .
it's so juicy and delicious .
the staff are always friendly and service is quick .
i highly recommend this restaurant !
was recommended to us by our friends .
nice quiet dining which is important to me .
great food at a great price .
my friends said the ruben was very good too .
great family owned restaurant .
both were great and the service was prompt .
we love this place for breakfast !
beer specials are still good , though .
great course with awesome deals !
definitely recommend for value and fun .
great service and food .
the staff is awesome , friendly and very helpful .
the restaurant has good food and drinks .
keep up the good work guys !
have your wedding here !
the waitstaff was friendly and responsive .
but , for kids , it was great !
he was really cute and jumped in our cart !
friday night karaoke is pretty interesting .
had such a good time .
course is fairly easy and nice an open .
bar is cool and the staff are friendly .
oh and the food was excellent .
this place was a hoot on friday night !
anybody can go and have a good time !
food was good , happy hour specials are great !
they did a great job !
a lot of product on hand .
great price and great service .
this is my favorite donut shop ever !
very fresh and a variety of choices .
small , locally owned and friendly .
this place is awesome !
melt in your mouth amazing !
great little mom & pop donut shop !
try the ice coffee it's great !
everyone was very nice and very kid friendly !
great little dive with the best donuts in town .
will definitely be coming back .
the service was great and the owners are friendly .
the doughnut holes are delicious !
very cheap prices highly recommend them !
i love the cake donuts best .
best doughnuts i've ever tasted !
and really nice people !
so glad i live right around the corner !
very airy and tasty .
i found the perfect card !
had a great lunch here .
food was delicious and had a great price !
not very healthy but really good .
staff was very friendly and attentive .
excellent price and always a service with a smile .
the food and service are once again outstanding .
i now eat there on a regular basis .
great prices , great service and amazing food .
just looks clean and new .
the sandwich is thick and great .
she is friendly and makes you feel welcome .
the staff that we encountered was kind and welcoming .
service was friendly and quick .
great breakfast and gyro !
good food and quick and efficient service !
the staff was very friendly .
cleaned up tables around us rather quickly !
decent size parking lot !
will definitely have a return visit !
had the reuben on rye , very good .
the food is amazing for the price !
what a wonderful family place !
best breakfast spot in the peoria area !
it's homemade with love and the staff is caring .
we'll see you again this sunday !
large menu with lots of good diner food .
service is usually pretty good .
this is usually my breakfast spot .
we love to come here with our family !
really excited about the remodeling as it's nicer .
please add grits to menu !
great service , good food !
this is a wonderful little restaurant over in .
the food is excellent and the portions are huge .
the food was excellent .
we had a great waitress .
service was prompt and the price was good .
my favorite hometown place to eat .
always great service , and good food !
our server maureen was excellent .
the service is even better .
a great neighborhood place .
good food , friendly staff .
the staff was amazing and patient .
we love this place .
the best gyro 's and very reasonably priced breakfast .
the food tasted good .
great service and easy !
ann did a great job on my pedicure .
did a very good job .
i will be definitely be coming back !
this place is seriously amazing !
candy is the absolute best .
such a fantastic place , check it out !
amazing service all around !
they looked good as new , if not better .
i would recommend this place !
this wendy 's is great !
it is good wendy 's food .
the place was very clean .
just enjoyed the people watching and the beer !
totally will be back !
the electronic juke box is so awesome .
small and has great drink prices .
great neighborhood bar right by my house .
cool place to go and hang out .
everyone is always nice at the facility as well .
the staff are super nice with fast service .
had a good fried vegetable appetizer .
by far my most favorite local bar .
the staff is wonderful !
everyone is so friendly and attentive .
this is one place i will always go to .
bartenders are super friendly & actually love their job !
the food was good .
great prices , it's definitely a bar .
but it's a bar with good food .
great atmosphere , great prices .
the wings are the best !
the crowd is always chill but fun .
the food is good too .
we love deli sports !
great beer , low prices and great karaoke .
i like that this place has a relaxed vibe .
great mom and pop place .
this is a nice local cafe .
hubby ordered san francisco burger and loved every bite .
this would be a great place for breakfast .
great place we will be coming back for sure .
friendly service and great food for breakfast .
our waitress was so nice and friendly .
the entire place makes you feel welcome .
this is my new favorite weekend breakfast spot !
they have great specials and the service is great .
friday fish fries are a must !
i really like this place !
nice mom and pop place .
good , friendly service and decent food .
perfectly breaded and fried .
the staff is friendly and the service is quick .
i had their croissant breakfast sandwich ; loved it !
some of the best fish fry i've ever tasted .
that 's how delicious this was .
the fish fry is exceptional .
the service is quick and efficient .
came here with my friend for breakfast .
they treat us like we are family .
always fast and friendly .
best fish fry ever !
highly recommend that you give it a try !
the food is amazing and the service is fantastic .
big pieces and lots of it .
we then tried the breakfast , again amazing .
good ice tea and great coffee .
very family friendly and feels like home .
i will definitely be back .
i am pretty sure we will be regulars !
even better the second time .
peoria cafe has a small town diner feel .
good food , decent price , and friendly service .
this is our local spot for breakfast or brunch .
the coffee was great and always full !
definitely recommend , cute atmosphere .
the staff is friendly and the food is great !
they also have free wifi and takeout !
great service and friendly people .
this place is perfect .
big portions and a wide variety .
food is always good .
the staff is always friendly and attentive .
love the great service too !
fairly tasty , very casual , friendly dining experience .
food was quite tasty .
they give you a huge breakfast for your dollar .
it was worth the wait .
really good and plenty with single serving .
cinnamon flavor in batter .
great clean coffee shop .
prices good food very good service very good .
burger may be the best in town , really .
great service , awesome breakfast , great atmosphere !
will definitely be a repeat customer !
service was friendly and fast .
it's a good restaurant .
overall the food was excellent and delicious .
thanks for the hospitality !
i highly recommend peoria caf !
we always have family breakfast here .
service is friendly and prices are good .
staff is friendly and attentive .
great food and a family atmosphere !
i love their burgers .
their staff is friendly and helpful .
it's a nice place to go to for breakfast .
i will come back , definitely .
awesome food and awesome service.
great place for breakfast !
it's more that convenience factor .
there are just everywhere !
have fun and be safe .
this is a great park , close to phoenix .
beautiful place to go hang out .
it's a beautiful place to visit .
what a beautiful park !
the water is pretty clear .
this park is a lovely get away .
i truly believe lake pleasant is haunted !
great place to go and relax for the day .
prices are very reasonable and quality is top notch .
a good experience - hubby was very pleased !
everyone was friendly and very professional .
i'm delighted with my new dental team .
he also has a great sense of humor .
his staff is professional and efficient .
he was very compassionate to my dental concerns .
my appointment was the best 1st .
his office staff is very kind and helpful also .
the rye bread is also top notch .
god , i love this place .
so many good things to try .
another great trip to the bakery .
it is soooo very delicious .
staff is certainly friendly too .
i also love their breads .
they are always so soft and fresh .
perfect for a nice sandwich or on their own .
it's the best bakery i've been to .
sun city for this one .
i just love this place .
lemon bars are divine !
their customer service is fantastic !
best bakery on the west side , hands down !
i also love chris !
get a box to go !
even then , i got stuff to go !
i always want to try everything !
the pie had the perfect amount of sweetness .
amazing pastries and baked goods .
friendly staff and amazing food !
great donuts very friendly employees .
the cakes are adorable .
definitely come her for baked goods and fresh bread .
perfect amount of filling and crust .
loved the pine nut cookies !
the florentine cookies are amazing !
this place is incredible !
bagels are good too and marble rye bread .
good selection and great hours .
cookie trays are perfect .
i'll be back to treasure hunt !
so happy to have stopped by .
great vintage button earrings .
the trip was really worth it !
bravo for theatre works !
friendly staff and volunteers .
the seating is comfortable .
this is a small , intimate venue .
will definitely come back .
i had an extremely pleasant experience with carpet corner .
best place in surprise to get your nails done !
the nail staff is amazing .
i would highly recommend them .
yum , , , yum .
best chinese buffet so far that i've been to !
the price is perfect & the food is delicious .
food is good too !
food is just great as well .
king buffet has a wide variety of chinese food .
next king buffet offers a dessert and salad bar .
this is a great value for the money .
keep up the good work !
they do an absolutely fantastic job every time !
they are all very friendly .
would recommend this place to everyone !
they genuinely care about all pets that come in .
i would definitely recommend them to anyone !
wonderful groomers , so glad we found them .
thank you for saving me !
brian helped schedule our appointment .
the staff here is awesome .
they are very knowledgeable & friendly .
thank you , jeff and justin !
thank you for your wonderful ways and kindness .
always personable and honest !
by far the very best mechanics i've ever used .
keep up the great work !
salsa is tasty and food always comes out hot !
good food at a very fair price .
everyone treats you like family .
thank you and love you guys !
consistently good , fast friendly service .
love to support the little guy .
spices / salt but have them handy for you .
this place is good mexican food !
it was really good too !
the food and services were great !
fun vibe there being family owned and operated .
both were very tasty !
my boyfriends family has been coming here for years !
another great quality is their staff .
food is delicious and the staff is awesome !
the service is wonderful !
authentic , fresh , delicious food !
even my takeout meal was great !
i love this place .
they are so nice and attentive to their customers .
always crowded and always great food !
i love their chili relleno and tacos !
my mom loves her !
benny cut my hair and it looks really nice .
everybody was so nice and friendly .
i highly recommend them .
best value in the entire valley .
this is an awesome course !
the place was amazing !
puppy looks great and worth the money by far !
excellent place to take your pets .
this is a wonderfully well stocked health food store .
the staff is also very helpful .
i will definitely be back !
i just love this place !
keep finding those wonderful items monty 's !
visiting monty 's is always an enjoyable experience .
the staff are friendly and very welcoming .
the atmosphere is calm and very inviting .
i love that their inventory is constantly changing .
there are always great finds at monty 's !
the staff are warm and welcoming .
the ladies there were very friendly and helpful .
clean , stylish , and well made items .
working at best buy .
so there , best buy .
i love this shop .
it is nice to have such good personal care .
friendly and helpful staff .
we highly recommend the best western sun city !
definitely staying here again .
finally , an honest place to take your car .
the place is great .
honest , caring and reliable .
thanks for being honest and straightforward , guys !
: ) : ) can't beat that service !
what a great group of guys !
thank you so much tony for your wonderful service .
they are honest , caring and trustworthy .
super prices , friendly , knowledgeable staff .
i love this guy .
professional cut , great value .
very friendly and fast service .
nice location and shop is professional looking .
good conversation and very nice haircut .
i'm back for a fantastic cut .
you can enjoy a nice delicious meal .
the entertainment is always great .
make reservations , gets crowded during the summer months .
excellent value for lunch !
very professional and friendly staff .
we'll definitely make this our regular weekend breakfast spot .
for me , that 's a wow .
an ideal place for brunch .
i love to have breakfast at bobbie 's cafe .
the service could be improved .
we will definitely be going back !
mom loved the flowers !
last minute call handled with humor and great service !
they put a beautiful arrangement together for me !
their flowers are the best and last the longest .
i love this store .
thanks you are the best !
the food is excellent !
our server was excellent and the atmosphere was calming .
the staff is friendly , polite , and attentive .
love that it's family owned and operated .
this is like the best chinese food .
i love it so much !
chang lee deserves some love .
good food , great atmosphere .
i'd definitely recommend a remodel , though .
very kind and helpful staff .
it is a quality place to go .
excellent food and staff .
definitely a see and be seen scene .
very good fish fry .
our waiter was excellent !
nice place with inexpensive food but tasty .
we also were impressed by the thursday night entertainment .
the service is great .
we are customers for life !
quality food ( especially breakfast ) served promptly .
food was good and generous .
nice music combo in the background .
i will continue to come back !
i thought they were great .
these guys are fantastic !
great and efficient work while you wait .
super fast service at an excellent price .
they got my mickey watch working again !
they definitely have a loyal customer in me .
thank you so much !
this is a great place .
very polite and efficient .
i highly recommend them .
what a great website !
and it doesn't lie !
everything tasted fresh , and seasoned well .
the price was very reasonable .
i will eat her many more times .
this place is awesome !
their menudo is awesome .
well , i am very happy stopped in .
the portion was huge and delicious .
i will be back with the family .
and are open everyday all day .
very reasonable , good food .
it was great and i'll be back soon !
really nice it's 24hrs since i work nights .
tips are for employees not for owners !
it's pretty darn good mexican fast food .
oh my goodness it's so delish !
i would definitely recommend if you're near by !
tortillas are homemade , bread is fresh .
both dishes were excellent , crispy and fresh .
nothing fancy but real good food .
big enough to share and great flavor .
they are consistently good from one another .
nice waiting area ( grass picnic tables ) .
friendly staff and efficient job .
pool tables , music , great service .
prices are more than reasonable .
my favorite place to go during the early afternoon .
lot of regulars and fun friendly servers .
always friendly and fast service at the pharmacy .
so far so good .
very pleasant , kind and helpful .
so i did , and i loved it !
they also have this special sauce .
but , it's a damn good reason .
i love pete 's !
hey pete 's fans !
you can look forward to a super pete 's !
they have great food .
i love pete 's fish & chips !
it's different , but a good different .
ordered some custom exhaust work .
that 's a huge plus in my book !
and they did a great job on my car .
i agree with everyone here !
they were super great !
take care of you .
excellent work , on time service and fair prices .
great local and family business !
a pleasant experience and would recommend them to anyone .
had a great trip with my family !
been going for years , always good .
the menudo is the best !
beans are delicious and the food never changes .
it's was a very pleasurable visit .
the staff is very friendly and professional .
the rooms are spacious and clean .
i had a excellent experience .
a very kind staff and clean room .
this place is solid .
free wifi that actually works .
the girl up front could definitely be more friendly .
they were helpful and very friendly .
most staff are ready to help you .
family and pet friendly .
we requested early check-in and got it .
young female manager was so sweet and helpful .
rooms were extremely clean , beds comfortable .
good food and value .
greeted nicely and seated immediately .
they also have an all you can eat menu .
easy parking , nice people working .
always friendly , great food .
both offered up genuine conversation and sincere smiles .
the food came out quick and was delicious !
best breakfast and service i've had in awhile .
the food was good and the music was great .
the waiter was super nice !
great place for horseback riding !
this is an awesome stable !
she was a wonderful guide .
the ride was interesting , fun and extremely enjoyable .
we had a wonderful experience !
we had a great time riding today .
thanks guys for the great morning !
our family had the best time here .
the animals were all awesome .
thank you so much .
lol but still a fun place .
there is something for everyone here .
it is a great family friendly environment !
fast friendly service that is thorough .
my clients ( and their pets ! )
i was very impressed .
staff was very nice .
rose is the best waitress !
very friendly , helpful and fast service .
they make you feel appreciated !
this is a very nice family restuarant !
just a friendly place to enjoy breakfast !
she tailors each one to suit the individual .
she is so good .
kathy is a truly gifted hair stylist .
she cuts my curly hair to perfection .
thank you kathy you're the best !
: ) we love you !
i'm sure the new location will be special .
this is the best shop in the valley .
he is honest and hard working .
a+ company and product .
fantastic customer service and a very nice man .
everything went really smoothly and the blinds look fantastic !
i would highly recommend james !
this is as good as it gets .
i highly recommend it .
we love getting the family dinner .
awesome unique old time barber shop decor .
jeff , thanks for service !
never knew such great mechanics still existed .
fast , on top of his stuff !
good team work too .
thanks the ride and the service !
as good as it gets !
wholeheartedly recommend this company , and particularly this location !
this place is just fine .
sauce has the right blend of spices and flavor .
great place for a great pizza !
finally found a great pizza !
and the prices were decent too !
and will bring friends next time !
this page is definitely worth a try .
great pizza and byob including beer .
the best arby 's and fast food restaurant around .
employees are friendly and knowledgeable .
great job nice service and pretty quick .
was pleased with the outcome .
great course for the price .
everyone is so helpful !
all the staff have been great with the kids .
thank you for the great service !
it did and was delicious .
service is always friendly and prompt .
you can count on their food and serve .
you can count on their food and serve .
or so , such as french fried sweet potato .
marty the owner is always there to greet you .
one of favorite breakfast places anywhere .
marty has nailed it .
smokey , meaty and great prices .
definitely worth a visit or two .
the wait staff is outstanding !
friendly and efficient at the same time .
fluffy eggs , perfect bacon .
great blueberry syrup with blueberries on top .
we love this place !
food is great , staff is friendly .
marty is a number one !
waffles are the best .
this will become one of our go-to breakfast spots .
the pork sandwich was moist and tasty .
nice potato salad and baked beans .
great food , great atmosphere , great service .
a great deal for some real chinese .
the food here is amazing !
i'll never eat another chinese again !
someone recommended this place .
best takeout in the area .
the food here is amazing !
especially the pepper steak .
their crab puffs and dumplings are excellent too .
they really put your mind at ease .
the price is excellent for what you get .
plus , eating here helps a local business .
we will be coming back a lot !
always a smile and coffee when we sit down .
sunday brunch is well worth the price .
service is good and the pizza is great .
the whole things was very fresh .
this is a very good local pizza place .
small pizza place serving pizza true italian style .
best pizza in arizona !
really good pizza and the greek salad was giant !
the salads are amazing too .
thanks from your new regular !
love this neighborhood eatery .
service is as prompt as the line allows .
friday ayce fish fry was good .
all was very good !
happy to see you .
on a consistent basis .
i love this dr !
dr. winston is incredibly versed in his profession .
thank you dr. winston .
dr winston is just the best !
dr. winston and his staff are beyond amazing !
dr. winston is an amazing vet .
i highly recommend him .
dr. winston is our go to vet !
we recommend him to everyone !
love , love , love this office !
i particularly appreciate their knowledge on billing situations .
that is the honest truth !
very happy with all the staff .
very happy with them .
still the best pizza known to man !
good people , good food .
it definitely hit the spot .
best pizza i've had in at least a year .
their pizza is among the best i've had anywhere .
such a simple question but so appreciated .
the server was very helpful and pleasant .
pizza was great and pasta was great !
i crave this pizza .
the sauce and crust just perfect .
one large pizza and hot wings , excellent !
not a fancy place but the pizza is excellent .
thank you for every bite !
love love love their pizza .
it is made just right .
excellent gluten free thin crust pizza .
nice people , super good .
it is to die for !
thick and tastey and so incredibly perfect every time !
i care about the food and it never disappoints !
they always have new and interesting items to try .
they are also providing more organic foods .
very pleased with the products and service .
great to have a skin care expert so close .
did a beautiful job .
the teams are fast & efficient .
and , i love their booking process .
ace hardware in carefree is really nice .
friendly employees and they have great deals .
the scenery here is gorgeous .
great food , excellent service .
good selection to chose from .
thank you for the wonderful experience this weekend !
not too far from scottsdale .
fantastic staff , good food , beautiful property .
for picture taking delight of all the guests .
what a fantastic place to hold an event !
the staff was friendly and extremely helpful .
the grounds and site is well kept and relaxing .
i think the grounds are very beautiful & relaxing .
the massage at the spa was the best ever !
i really loved this place !
i really loved all the accommodations .
i stayed here two nights for a wedding .
one of the best resorts i've been too !
the place is wonderful , every bit of it .
my family and i enjoyed our stay here .
we loved the dining and the service .
all sorts of fun to be had .
we will be taking with us great memories !
my new favorite place to stay in arizona .
restaurant was incredible and rooms exceeded my expectations .
you have to really appreciate the grounds here .
they are so absolutely beautiful !
rooms are good and everyone is friendly .
i just had the most incredible facial by lisa .
i highly recommend for a day away .
this is a fantastic retail indian jewelry store .
i met david , the store owner .
all this for a fantastic and reasonable price .
the owners here really know their stuff !
we have had always great experience when here .
my friends and i enjoy the food a lot .
our first meal was a treat .
the food here is always good !
the owner is always nice to everyone !
we go here about every couple of weeks .
very good dining experience .
service was friendly and fast .
the food was hot , flavorful and well seasoned .
one thing was quite interesting to me .
a fabulous choice in carefree .
beautiful & yummy desserts .
wonderful place with a great atmosphere .
a very quaint getaway !
i love this place .
just waiting for you to enjoy .
great food , good service and atmosphere .
very tranquil place to eat with a beautiful patio .
very pleasant and surprisingly good .
the flaming greek cheese was excellent .
atmosphere , food and service .
the buffalo meatloaf is amazing .
this is a great date place .
hubby loved the extensive beer list .
flew into town to visit a friend .
she brought me here for dinner .
the ribs were excellent .
this is one of the best restaurants in az .
owners are great and the bartender gary is phenomenal .
what i really appreciate is the manager 's attitude .
this place was a very pleasant surprise .
been three times with friends and family .
as good as we remember !
both were beyond magnificent !
i love this place .
the staff is pleasant and fun .
yep , it's as good as it sounds !
overall it was a good experience .
highly recommend the outdoor and rooftop seating around sunset .
also several unique appetizers and entrees .
definitely coming back here and i highly recommend it .
the pace was great , desserts were particularly good .
fabulous food , end of story .
one of my favorite places to eat and relax .
consistantly good food and service .
great coffee , home fries , and biscuits !
this is my favorite breakfast spots .
good food and pretty dog friendly .
best biscuits and gravy in town !
is a fantastic ma and pa type restaurant .
these guys can really cook !
don't miss out on this , it's great !
the best coffee in phoenix !
the place had a good feel .
great food and only outdoor seating .
this place has exceptional food and staff .
the friendly competent service .
great little patio , nice menu variety .
service is quick and friendly .
i hope they have great success .
wow - newly reopened and best breakfast around .
and the most amazing cinnamon roll .
great menu and location in carefree .
great place with superb service .
family is all in working and provides great service .
very clean would highly recommend .
awesome atmosphere , family owned and run !
definitely a place to try !
it was a very clean and inviting cafe .
awesome food and service .
the help is wonderful and so friendly .
i recommend this place to anyone .
gina and i love it here !
i really enjoyed the meal .
our server was very attentive and friendly .
overall a nice place !
great food , excellent service with an easy atmosphere .
both were very good .
the salads are big and satisfying .
the service was great ; prompt with a smile .
turkey sandwich was great and the chili was fantastic .
service was fast and nice people that work here .
i'll definitely be coming here again !
the atmosphere , service , and food are great .
we love this place .
great place with good italian food !
food , servers and owners are the best !
the caesar and caprese salads are great .
this place is so good !
the fried mozzarella was great .
the cannoli is the best in the area .
great atmosphere , just great italian food .
this is our 3rd time coming here for dinner .
we will definitely visit again soon !
also great service and vino selection .
the flavor was fabulous .
the food , service and ambience was extraordinary .
everyone in our group had a fantastic meal .
will definitely be coming back .
escargot is the best in az !
shrimp scampi was full of flavor .
beautiful holiday decorations , delightful servers and delicious food .
this is the third time i've ordered it .
others in our group enjoyed the chicken piccata .
the food overall was pretty good .
appetizer of sausage , onions and peppers was fantastic .
great atmosphere with outside or inside dining .
and both were excellent .
i always have luck finding a fun project here .
the ladies are very nice and very helpful .
this is a really nice store .
the store in general has a very friendly atmosphere .
i love the beautiful cotton yard i purchased there .
david is a first rate barber !
he and tanya provide super service and fantastic cuts !
he is an excellent barber with reasonable rates .
david does a great job and is reasonably priced .
david is a great barber !
and you'll love it .
i always feel welcome when i walk in .
breakfast burritos are excellent .
great place for a quick quality meal .
the owners are wonderful and super friendly .
this place is well worth the drive .
awesome pizza , subs , and salads !
great place and owners are cool !
the salad was flavorful as well .
i love local restaurants !
everyone working there was super helpful .
talk about huge improvement !
servers were very courteous and friendly .
great job all around !
thanks nick for following through !
love this domino 's location that delivers to us !
always makes our night .
i love this domino 's pizza location .
it was made perfectly and tasted delicious .
i will definitely be ordering from this location again .
they always do a great job .
personally i recommend the boat .
i actually liked it .
i'd definitely come back here again .
what a hidden gem .
the owners are always very attentive and very friendly .
always one of my favorite sushi places .
cute mom and pop place .
every thing was really good .
i like their happy hour specials .
love this cute little spot .
just a great mom and pop type place .
it's the real deal though .
husband tried the tuna sushi and enjoyed it .
great family owned lil restaurant with very good service .
they always remember us !
very good sushi at a great price .
i really love this little place .
the employees are kind and the food is delicious .
the crunch roll is my personal favorite .
it's owned and run by the sweetest family !
the sushi is always fresh and delicious .
i recommend the ice green tea , it's great !
delicious and homey atmosphere as usual .
everything was great , service is good .
this is one of my new favorite places .
sushi was good and fresh .
sushi was fresh and tasted great .
solid sushi under new ownership .
the miso soup is complimentary !
they are full of smiles !
the service was incredible .
new menus , fresh feel .
i love this place !
best sushi in the valley .
best sushi on this side of the valley .
excellent service and friendly staff !
found via yelp app today and happy i stopped .
true gem close to arrowhead mall and the stadium .
i will return often !
great variety and good quality food .
really good service and friendly staff !
christina was so sweet and attentive to our meal !
i definitely come back again .
the happy hour prices were great for the wallet .
still family owned though .
incredible example of caring for the customer .
best vet in arizona .
he is a genius and worth any minor inconvenience .
it is truly one of a kind .
kind , caring and pet loving !
solid advice and great medical help .
i was impressed with his work .
i highly recommend this company for your concrete removal .
prices are reasonable and they work with you .
the staff here is so friendly and caring .
the staff is incredibly professional & friendly !
the staff is also very nice .
a great learning environment for children .
excellent crew , service and product .
i love this place .
the feel is comfortable , bright and clean .
i absolutely love this nail salon .
highly recommend for your next mani or pedi .
best mani & pedi i have ever had .
i love this place !
i thoroughly enjoy their services .
mani and pedi today .
very kind people , amazing customer service .
actually help me to the beginning to end .
family owned , local business ?
i definitely will continue to go here .
love this supercuts location !
would definitely recommend this place !
just the way i like it !
my favorite pizza in town !
they also have fantastic wings !
the staff is super friendly and always upbeat .
the wings are good too .
this is the best ny pizza .
family owned and operated and yummy crispy pizza .
the specials they have for lunch are fantastic !
the food is awesome .
my favorite is their fried zucchini .
i will definitely go again .
good food and great service as usual .
these guys are so nice .
i absolutely love eating at this place .
i love this place so much !
great service by the brothers as well .
i had a really great experience here tonight .
besides their warm atmosphere , their pizza is excellent .
they also have wonderful zucchini .
take your family and have a wonderful time .
the best pizza and wings around !
their cheese is the best .
outstanding service as well !
not only is this the best pizza around !
and their sauce is beyond delicious .
this place is sooooo good !
they are so nice too !
pizza is delish , wings are great !
great place for pizza and wings .
place is clean and food is amazing !
i love this place !
the food is hot , yummy and great .
what i love the best is the prices .
there food was good when it first opened .
the prices are really good too .
the lunch combo is the best deal in town .
the portion sizes are huge as well .
the food is always awesome .
love to eat with family .
amazing low prices too !
we love this place !
it's our go-to for ordering out !
love this location and will continue to return .
crew is always nice .
i will definitely order from here again !
always fast and hot !
mom will definitely be ordering from here again .
i always pick it up and it's incredible .
the different crusts are amazing too .
it felt like i was family from day one .
i recommend him to anyone !
his staff are really nice guys .
honest , affordable family owned business .
very rare in the automotive repair industry these days .
keep up the great work guys !
friendly , clean and great service !
best pedicure i've ever had !
the whole process was simple and relatively quick !
it's spotless inside and out and looks brand new !
i would recommend them !
i had a couple people recommend this place .
inside looked amazing as well .
they seem to love what they do .
very inviting and personable .
definitely will go back to them in the future .
small friendly office staff , great eye doctor !
great deal , great service , great experience .
i highly recommend them !
this assisted living facility is above average .
they also provide several activities throughout the day .
they always do a great job .
amy is the best !
a friend recommended amy .
and her work is fast and looks great !
i have to say i love coming here !
i love this place .
they're always fast , tastes great , and friendly .
you definitely get what you pay for here .
this place is super tasty .
the delivery is super fast usually .
it has become a go to on our rotation .
also the fried rice is amazing .
great food at a great price .
excellent service , huge portions and great flavor !
this place is a hidden gem .
you definitely get your money 's worth .
will definitely be coming back .
delivery man was very friendly .
egg roll was crispy and delicious .
i will order from here again !
price was right too !
best chinese food in arizona period !
we will definitely be regular customers .
thanks john , great job .
this place is great .
so excited about this purchase !
and lots of sexy looking rides .
the staff is friendly .
excellent service , good repairs , and great recommendations .
the bikes are great and were good values .
the new shop is large and well set up .
the tune ups and repairs are affordable and prompt .
the service in the store is extremely helpful .
we packed that place !
thank you so very much bill .
honest and friendly owners .
cactus dental care is absolutely amazing !
everyone is friendly and the office is clean .
it is a small place with a bar .
the stew is quite inexpensive and very tasty .
and it's worth coming here for the food .
you will thank yourself while you eat .
love this place , always have .
every thing i've ever ordered here is fantastic !
the service is fast and friendly .
some of the best i have had in arizona .
service was pretty good too .
good service & good food .
great burnt ends though !
the food is good and wait staff is friendly .
had a great pulled pork .
excellent family owned atmosphere .
also great happy hour specials .
big portions of savory smoked meats and rich sides .
love the onion rings as a starter .
their ribs are really tasty as are the beans .
really delicious bbq and sides !
the service is friendly and the portions are huge .
and the spicy bbq sauce is delish !
i would recommend this place .
we found them in our entertainment book .
the staff was so friendly and helpful .
our waitress stephanie was great .
all of the food was so good .
we will definitely be back .
the food is great .
the service is awesome .
the bar area is the best place to be .
great bartenders & great service .
overall was a good experience with good food .
when they're good they're great .
our server was nice she told us the specials .
of course the burnt ends were excellent !
host staff was great .
overall was good though .
the food is awesome and always great service .
even the bloody mary was tasty .
great environment all around .
great service and very good food !
sweet heat and cajun bbq !
very curious about their fish and burgers .
the ribs were excellent .
sweet hot bbq sauce was amazing .
beans were the best i ever had !
for first time here , i liked it .
love it , love it !
the bbq is the best .
absolutely the best service !
our waitress ann w. was wonderful !
definitely will be coming back !
best onion rings ever !
i definitely recommend this place .
great food , people and experience !
their sunday bloody mary special is well worth it .
alyssa u was the best server ever !
i got the rib tips and they were good .
she will bring you back if your feeling down .
we'll definitely be back !
good value for the price .
will be back to this spot many more times !
great food and great service .
best onion rings around .
thanks for always being a great place .
love their b b q !
this place is awesome !
highly recommended for all sorts of entertainment .
the server was very friendly and going .
location right off freeway .
the macaroni and cheese was so good .
my favorite starbucks ever !
this store has the nicest people .
this store always treats us very well .
but thank god for this girl today !
been coming to this location for a while .
staff is always friendly .
she has a great smile and personality .
the best kfc i've ever been to !
the restaurant is clean and the food was great !
i was very pleased with my experience today .
i will definitely be returning soon !
very impressive sports center .
i recommend this church to everyone , wonderful church !
lots of activities and amenities .
services are engaging and enjoyable .
this church is great .
it is extremely different for me , but good .
the building itself is very warm and inviting .
the services are very good .
this is just a very modern church and service .
i love i here !
it's a big church with a small church feel !
it also has an amazing campus in peoria .
great teaching and worship !
this church is a solid helping and loving church !
god bless this church !
the worship is incredible !
the people are wonderful .
amazing service every week .
pastor don is the best !
one of my favorite restaurants .
outside area is cool , too .
drop what you're doing and eat here .
nice atmosphere in the bar and close to home .
i'll remember this place !
great place to hang out with family and friends .
i prefer steak , but chicken is fine .
my friends had some margaritas and they enjoyed them .
the patio is awesome !
great food , good atmosphere , good service .
top shelf is our go to for mexican food .
the staff is friendly .
great margaritas and chips and salsa as well .
great neighborhood mexican restaurant .
the service here is always great .
the mexican pizza with ground beef is amazing !
we always get great service in the bar area .
our waitress was super nice !
i will definitely be back to try the food !
very welcoming and she created a great atmosphere !
i recommend coming here !
especially if you want great service .
the atmosphere is great and the service was good .
the burger is thick , juicy and cooked perfectly .
it was a very good burger .
my grandparents introduced me to this place .
the chili is good .
the employees are nice always have a smile on .
we love this place !
fresh , juicy , huge !
perfect ending to an amazing weekend !
great burgers the chilli is pretty darn good also .
no frys but the burgers are worth it .
great relaxed bar with great staff .
great burger for the location !
but a good spot to hit for a burger !
probably the best burger in phoenix area .
dive bar feel with interesting mix of locals .
worth the drive from town just for it !
support great local small business like this gem !
best hamburger in town !
friendly service with a smile .
the service was fast and friendly .
nothing fancy , just amazing burgers .
not a little amazing , a lot amazing .
very impressed with these guys .
we recently moved and decided to hire movers .
we love , love , love our yard now .
we highly , highly recommend him !
his crew is hard working and committed .
the end result is beautiful .
they take their time and do it right .
the prices are great and the guys are excellent .
they were also the most professional .
looks great , ready in half the time promised .
professional installers , great customer service .
they just opened it to the public .
one of the nicest i've ever played at !
best public course in phoenix in my opinion !
this is a beautiful and we'll manicured golf course .
a beautiful , well-maintained course .
the food was good with generous portions .
i absolutely love this place .
look forward to using you for landscaping work .
my wife and i love this place !
very good prices & selections .
enjoyed my massage here .
nascar fans for sure !
can you believe it was my first time !
awesome people , drinks and atmosphere .
the restaurant food is absolutely delicious !
great contractor that you can actually trust .
honest and ethical work .
they really do care for the students .
boulder city is a nice quite city .
owners are very good people .
thanks for a nice stay !
what a wonderful , wonderful place to be .
it's outta the way but worth it .
very very good food & excellent root beer .
a nice change from the las vegas buffets .
now i bring my wife .
this little place is wonderful !
the food is great and the workers are nice .
it's the best fast-food place in the valley .
the food was hot and tasted really good .
the service was great .
nice little restaurant in boulder city !
great service , great food .
the food is good .
root beer was great !
got some much needed work done on my vehicle .
friendly , professional , good people .
i highly recommend these guys .
honest and trustworthy is worth money .
boulder city lock & key is a very reliable .
the jewelry and craftsmanship is unparalleled .
these are true works of art !
this was a small and romantic restaurant .
service was nice and food was pretty good .
they have the best twice baked potato .
this place has great food and good prices .
small with open kitchen .
pleasant surprise on main highway near hoover dam .
the service is great .
our favorite restraunt in boulder city .
it is a great little restaurant .
had a delicious dinner at a very reasonable price .
park and get your ass in there !
and the new lunch menu rocks !
favorite place in boulder city .
love the martini 's .
small place so reservations are definitely recommended .
the food was really really good .
excellent preparation on both .
really good caesar salad .
a hidden gem in boulder city .
we loved the small setting and open kitchen .
terrific food done with care .
we loved the bistro !
great service and friendly staff .
the staff was incredibly nice .
i will definitely be coming back again .
absolutely love the vibe and atmosphere .
quality of food was excellent .
will return next time in town .
this was a pleasant surprise !
our server kaitlyn was also very attentive and pleasant .
i will return for service when needed .
a very competent class of mechanics .
i strongly recommend them .
a very competent class of mechanics .
i strongly recommend them .
ted runs a friendly and fair business .
he treats customers with respect .
first choice auto is the best .
they took great care of us .
honest , thorough and above the rest .
had the burrito de lengua and it was delicious !
definitely stop here if you're in town .
great service and wonderful food !
we were both very pleased with our lunch selections .
inexpensive , packed with delicious shredded chicken and cheese .
some of the best carnitas i've ever had !
generous portions and beautiful food !
salsas are amazing as well .
great food for a decent price .
everything was fresh and prepared as asked .
well done , highly recommend .
carnitas burrito was tasty and inexpensive .
hit the spot after hiking near lake mead .
everyone knows about the good food .
also the food is great .
so thank you taco bell boulder city !
typical taco bell food served by really nice people .
everything about the course was excellent .
the course was in fantastic shape today .
the original two are the best .
the courses are always in good shape .
best coffee i've ever tasted in my life .
good honest people and great work .
honest and the work is done right .
they always do an amazing job with my tires !
honest and family owned .
definitely talk to ben or drew !
ralph and his employees are so wonderful .
they are always honest and so friendly as well .
he's got all my future business !
excellent people to do business with .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
the service was quick and the price was right .
these guys are professional , honest and efficient .
a good place to get some essential asian ingredients !
quiet and away from the strip .
i love this place .
fantastic course , great staff .
definitely check it out .
the beauty of the lake is amazing .
this is a gem in the desert .
also : check out great deals for the westin .
so much to do here .
beautiful hotel and spa .
pleasant locker room facilities and good service level .
what a peaceful , beautiful place !
good if you have young ones .
i stayed here when it first opened .
club lounge , and service was outstanding .
we will return next april .
salad i have seen .
service is so , so .
staff was attentive and just right .
it was a fantastic dinner experience .
great service and spacious too .
one of my absolute favorite places to getaway !
i promise i will get married here one day .
and being able to do things on the water .
come see another side of vegas !
we'll definitely be back for more .
recommend everyone to check this place out .
we enjoyed the quiet moment with family .
it was such a nice experience .
i would recommend to anyone .
i played early , so got to play solo .
my husband loves this course .
the entire staff is well trained and are knowledgable .
professionals all the way .
thank you for an awesome experience , again !
good service and a good time .
tough course to play but worth it .
the food is amazing !
it's a gorgeous property .
thank you for the enjoyable day of golf !
what a great track !
winston is a rock star !
we are locals and had a great time .
i also had some food at the beautiful clubhouse .
staff is above average .
the staff are incredibly nice .
very smooth and fast greens .
it's just a great atmosphere for a quality casino .
very safe , quiet .
this smith 's is newly remodeled and awesome .
great place to shop .
other than that everyone is kind and helpful .
the store is clean and organized .
the employees are friendly and helpful .
good prices and better products .
the workers are nice .
this is a very nice smiths .
i love this store !
keep up the great work .
i mean it is clean and very well organized .
he did a fantastic job .
they told me i was in excellent hands .
i love dr. clark !
i would recommend him to anyone .
he is conservative , which is nice .
best building department in southern nv .
they make a really delicious waffle with whipped butter .
friendly , efficient service .
very good chef 's salad , delicious club sandwich .
fair prices with generous portions .
they always have excellent staff .
all homemade and served with a smile .
all in all , a very enjoyable stop .
the steak house is good .
french onion soup was good .
great food & super friendly staff !
older hotel but clean & well kept !
the service was good as well .
overall , a great deal !
great variety on the salad bar .
you can make your own sandwich .
the food is incredible !
the service was outstanding !
absolutely the best steakhouse around !
nice people work here , too .
what a nice little casino !
totally charming and clean .
we had a great time while we were here .
really cool hotel and casino .
very clean for a hotel being so old .
restaurant is simple and food is good .
wonderful walking trails to walk off those beer .
that is good business !
this is the best place in town !
i highly recommend valley automotive .
the online service i received was great .
he answered my questions and even offered a discount .
best customer service i've seen in an auto shop .
thank you for making your customers feel valued !
i'll definitely be back !
these guys are the best !
fast and friendly service .
very honest and reliable .
and my air conditioning works great !
i highly recommend valley automotive .
they are honest , efficient and courteous .
they do great work at a very reasonable rate .
highly recommend them for your automotive maintenance and repairs .
such an honest group of guys .
just picked up my car and it looks perfect !
thank you so much .
this shop is top notch .
mike was very friendly .
thank you for the pleasant experience .
i recommend anybody go to this repair shop !
all my neighbors were amazing .
parking is great even if you have a party .
all in all it well worth the money .
the grounds are well managed and landscaping looks great .
the office personnel are outstanding .
needed a place to store while i traveled .
great clerk helped and recommended a moving company .
henderson justice court is the hottest court in town .
they are efficient and organized .
the staff is friendly and helpful .
his family was very pleased with it .
they did a good job for me .
got ta hand it to these folks .
impressed by the speed on a friday night !
i like this panda express because it is reliable .
it's a fast food place .
they also sell movie memorabilia too .
these guys are skilled and honest .
we love this vet !
i would recommend them highly .
very friendly group of people .
the staff is great .
everyone in the office is great and super caring !
the staff are so nice and very helpful .
the price is fair .
i will always take my animals to him .
i will continue to bring my animals here .
this vet clinic is so sweet .
they were so full of compassion .
they are wonderful at a very hard time .
the staff are wonderful !
what a great time here .
thank you again for such a wonderful friday night .
one of our favorite restaurants in the valley .
the food is amazing !
the ambiance is intimate .
i love this place .
it is quiet , comfortable and cozy .
best little gem of a restaurant in henderson !
great henderson local spot .
a mom & pop place with great people !
the menu is great and reasonably priced .
the food and service are very good and unassuming .
very good and fresh !
i was very pleased !
from a warm welcome .
i got the salmon and it was amazing !
i love this place !
i recommend the specials .
i enjoy eating my occasional burger in here .
this ups store is great !
highly recommend this store !
the casino is nicely laid out too .
the food was excellent in the buffet .
i definitely want to go back .
i love the ice cream machine with toppings .
staff is great , clean , and relaxing .
it is a good place to stay overall .
fiesta henderson is actually a nice locals casino .
this is a great deal to take advantage of .
definitely recommend , and would stay here again .
its my favorite place to play .
sports bar is amazing if rob is there !
comfy rooms and great drinks !
the buffet is decent and value priced .
things are getting better .
i also got comped dinner and free slot play .
the petite asian server is the best .
the food and service was great !
thank you for a great experience .
perfect place to stay away from the strip .
right off the freeway .
everyone was professional and courteous .
i love this place .
and man are they fabulous !
in addition , the staff is super friendly .
the customer service was fantastic .
best asada , pastor and carnitas .
my favorite mexican fast food place , anywhere !
both locations are equally great .
this place is pretty legit .
very deceiving from the outside , but quality overall .
this hidden gem is worth finding .
authentic as it gets .
i must say this place has an authentic taste !
the best carne asada nachos and fries in henderson !
best mexican food in henderson and even las vegas .
great staff as well .
happy i found this place !
this place is absolutely amazing .
the carnitas combination plate is also an excellent choice .
this place is awesome !
the staff are super friendly .
the enchiladas were really good !
they look really good as well .
carne asada breakfast burritos are delicious .
my son loves the carne asada lunch burrito .
the tacos are insanely good .
they are all great .
everything is fresh and the service is great .
this place was really good !
it's also fairly inexpensive which is great .
customer service is great too !
totally will come back !
great flavor and great prices as well !
greasy , flavorful , delicious cheap mexican food .
eating here was a delightful surprise .
nothing fancy , just great food , great service .
ya awesome sauce dude !
service was friendly and small tables were clean .
all my boys loved the horchata .
we'll be back next time we are in town .
great for what it is .
they have very consistently delicious tacos .
and most of the food is pretty on par .
very friendly and fast service .
all very good , taste homemade .
we will definitely be back .
very good mexican food !
lunch worthy food is always good too .
outstanding food always great service when i go there .
nothing fancy but definitely worth a trip .
definitely worth the wait .
we need more like you in this town !
nice family owned mexican place , like the food .
the super chicken nachos are the best in town .
the carne asada fries are excellent .
this place is well worth finding .
the carne asada fries and chili rellenos are exceptional .
all the cooks are really nice .
highly recommend this place !
just plain good food made fresh .
will be back here for sure .
fabulous food and super nice employees !
( this location is the best ! )
got here right before they close at 9pm .
the men were very sweet and quick .
authentic taqueria in henderson !
i got the carnitas plate and horchata .
amazing food - friendly staff .
this is my mechanic .
all i can say is wow .
he has saved my race day many times !
family run and run great .
my favorite is the bacon double cheeseburger .
this is a fun little casino .
wow amazing good deals .
so i will order salad and french fries .
now that 's an awesome deal !
great service from nice people .
hands down , the best hangover food in henderson !
amazing deal and great quality .
amazing food at great prices .
it was an delicious waffle .
my new favorite place on water street .
check it out while you are in downtown henderson .
very tasty and can not beat the price .
overall service is pretty good .
the cafe 's decor was surprisingly updated and interesting .
i love this place !
very comfortable restaurant with unbelievable prices .
the best value in henderson !
service has always been quick and friendly .
another favorite is the prime rib special !
everyone loves the " bow " .
a hidden gem outside of vegas .
salad was simple with fresh ranch dressing .
the outside was seasoned perfectly .
it was also delicious .
will definitely come again .
the prices are great too .
prime rib is my favorite item on the menu !
tuesdays they have a prime rib special .
all of the servers are friendly !
great price with excellent service .
everything on the menu is delicious .
what a nice little casino !
it's like my new vegas best kept secret !
can't wait to go back & take friends !
their prime rib is fantastic .
i have to say this was a great find !
tuesday and saturdays it is on special .
when i'm in henderson i will definitely be back !
best steak and eggs for the price .
i will be coming here again !
the staff was amazing as well !
the food is great , for a cheap price .
service is great , very friendly people .
good food for a great price .
it is worth the drive !
i love the casino special with biscuits and gravy .
she's now seven still love this place .
be prepared to wait but it's worth it .
the flavor is really good .
it was very good .
the service in this restaurant is always very good .
love their salad , and the blue cheese .
great service and good american diner food .
very good for the price .
the portions are good too .
which is a nice touch .
i hit a big jackpot here !
one of my absolute favorite places in the valley .
this place is first class all the way !
it's our go to spot for an awesome breakfast !
i love this place .
great food at a low price !
the staff are usually nice !
best place in henderson for breakfast !
i love this place !
everything on their menu is awesome and delicious .
the lady 's offer prompt and sweet service .
i would highly recommend this place !
this is a cute little restaurant .
good enough for me !
most excellent and authentic .
the food is so fresh and cooked to order .
this place is clean and the food is great .
it's definitely worth checking out !
this place was excellent from the very beginning !
premier dental care was excellent from the very beginning !
dr. song is awesome !
front desk receptionists are friendly and professional as well .
premier dental care has a great staff .
very friendly and professional .
best dentist i have ever been to !
love this dentist and his wonderful staff !
but everyone is wonderful !
from start to finish , excellent experience !
best dentist i have ever been to .
so far i'm very happy with my experience here .
love my hygienist leslie .
this is a great office .
soooo much better for our son .
the staff is amazing .
the staff is amazing .
the customer service is amazing !
now i know why they have such great reputation .
very nice , professional staff at premier dental care .
i'll definitly reccomend you to my friends and family .
very happy with my front tooth crown .
dr. song is very nice and uses latest technology .
great courteous office staff , very helpful always .
great first experience with this practice .
excellent service once again .
i fell in love !
i love pam the hygienist !
great service , treated like family .
the entire staff is super friendly and welcoming .
we are new to town .
overall seems like a nice office .
this place is very nice .
keep up the good work !
we had a great experience .
teresa is a most courteous professional .
green valley upholstery is amazing !
yummy taquitos and excellent rice .
i like the fresh sweet bread .
i really like this place .
the prices are great .
a very welcoming feeling when you go inside .
i got my nails done and they look great .
i would recommend the salon to all ages .
keep up the great work !
love love love my new dentist and staff !
thank you all for making me feel so comfortable .
the staff is very friendly .
i have the best dentist ever !
his staff is very nice and extremely helpful .
great dentist and staff !
very thorough and comprehensive treatment .
definitely would refer people to this office .
this office is as good as it gets !
that is important to me .
it's a friendly office and very clean .
a special thank you to tiffany today .
they came out right away which was great .
i will definitely use them again .
kudos to a great company .
i would highly recommend these guys to anyone .
they did quality work and i highly recommend them .
i recommend them highly .
great pricing , great customer service .
great company will recommend them any time .
excellent customer service and always professional .
the staff is genuinely nice and expedient .
its my favorite pizza in henderson .
get the wings extra crispy there good too .
this place is a henderson land mark .
and the hottest sauce was incredibly intense yet tasty .
omg this place has the most amazing wings .
the wings are for sure award winning .
very messy but very very good .
my girlfriend is hooked on the teriyaki chicken fingers .
i love this place .
this is a really nice neighborhood bar and restaurant .
it is a great place to watch the game .
the staff is really friendly and very accommodating .
if you like wings , you'll love theirs .
great flavor , good heat .
the buffalo wings were great .
two words henderson special .
the salad crisp and fresh .
this is my favorite place for date night .
but , the food is amazing .
always good for pizza , wings , burgers .
the service has always been fantastic .
good " bar food . "
perfect for watching -the game .
great employees and great food !
thx johnny fabulous wings !
it is a great place to eat .
best wings , bar none .
i love this place .
this is a real find !
the food was great and the wings were perfection .
i came i ate and i enjoyed .
loved everything about it .
awesome food and staff .
they accommodated the whole team and parents .
thank you for a great time .
it was tasty nonetheless .
great service as well .
good wings and the pizza looks really good .
best pizza in town i think .
always packed but i've always have great service .
bartenders are really nice , chit chatting with everyone .
first time eating here and i was quite impressed .
this place knows how to make a pizza .
perfect amount of sauce and toppings .
took my kids there and they loved it !
and it's quaint , and friendly .
good pizza , great wings with unique flavor options .
we loved this place !
first time dinning in and the family loved it .
good wings , good drinks and a friendly staff .
what a great jewel in henderson .
i love this place !
i've never not liked something i ordered .
we'll continue to keep coming back !
we always go for the family night special .
i love this place .
i will return again and again .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
nicely done good taste and quantity of toppings .
great pizza , great wings , great people .
i def recommend this place , and going there .
best cajun burger ever .
they service is always friendly .
friendly staff , great atmosphere and really good food .
affordable prices , lots of options and excellent service .
best pizza n chicken wings in the world !
my husband and i love their pizza and wings .
great sports pub atmosphere .
overall good experience though .
the food and service were great .
definitely going back for more !
definitely one of your go to local bars .
found this place with cold beer and great food .
wings are good too .
service has always been fast and friendly .
good local little place .
food is always amazing .
the staff is friendly and works fast .
excellent service and very hands on family ownership .
place is fantastic , love their specials .
really recommend the wings and pizza !
staff is very friendly !
keep it up guys !
you have to try the best wings in town .
had burgers , pizza , and wings here .
great wings and beer .
also , best martini i've had in henderson .
totally deceiving and rewarding !
food and menu is excellent !
service is solid , and staff is fantastic !
excellent pizza and double baked wings !
the wait staff is wonderful .
very friendly and very fast .
the food is amazing !
this place is always packed .
by far my favorite pizza !
the young woman who did serve us was great .
great atmosphere for the adults too !
had a brownie dessert that was warm and yummy !
best wing in town !
great for take out also .
we will definitely be back !
we love our boys in blue !
the food is great .
in the best most positive way .
best wings & pizza in henderson !
must have , travel hrs if you have to !
this place is just amazing !
best pizza and wings in henderson !
i love this place !
the staff are very friendly as well !
the service and food was phenomenal !
best antipasto salad and hot wings in town .
always so much good food and great service .
this is one of our family faves !
the staff is always so friendly and helpful !
the food was excellent and priced competitive .
it is that simple .
the food was superb and the service was stellar .
great company for repairs on older boats .
kenny 's the best .
ken and his crew saved my vacation .
my family is very grateful to them .
these guys are amazing , period .
check these guys out !
overall , a great dental practice .
professional , yet friendly .
i really recommend this place .
great shop and ladies !
great hole in the wall .
friendly guys yes it's pricey .
it's just a great spot that thankfully has survived .
thanks to the friendly lady at customer service !
it was cooked perfectly and super fresh and moist !
the owner is super sweet .
please support this small business .
it's super easy to get to as well .
she is super-friendly and very helpful .
i love jan 's !
i love this store !
it's like a baker 's heaven !
this shop is great !
i will definitely be back !
i love this little candy shop .
worth the drive to old school henderson .
my daughter and i love this store !
it cost more , but really worth it .
i love this store !
great selection , knowledge , and customer service .
some are even cheaper here , which is awesome !
great selection and friendly owner .
this place is amazing !
the staff is very helpful and friendly .
and more , happy to support a local store .
they have the latest movies at great prices .
it is right up the street and cheap !
i love that it isn't in a casino !
recently discovered this place .
i'm going to see a movie .
oh , the people here are very friendly to !
theater is well maintained and clean .
staff is very nice .
this place is a great local theatre .
the popcorn is freshly made and delicious !
my family and i love this place !
this my favorite movie theater in vegas best prices .
and the staff is always very friendly .
it made the movie so much better !
great place to see new movies for cheap .
the popcorn and snacks are awesome too !
it has a great little arcade too .
i love this place !
staff if great and everything is reasonably priced .
they have the best popcorn .
this is my favorite theater !
best deal in town hands down .
i love old school !
it gives you a small town feel .
the arrangement was breathtaking .
i received a beautiful arrangement that smells wonderful .
their arrangements are gorgeous .
very detailed and very well done .
it was more lovely than what i was expecting .
helped with my anniversary !
they did a wonderful job at the last minute !
you were super professional and sweet .
your flowers are beautiful !
your business is adorable .
the manager brian e. is the best !
thank you for the great service !
the staff was pleasant to work with .
again , matt & dustin were terrific .
as always , matt was terrific .
free oil change by using my rewards card !
great service - as usual .
took it in for a new battery .
thanks matt and jared .
the van is running great now .
i'm cool with that .
these guys are great and extremely responsive !
thanks , jimmy and red headed guy !
great guys to work with .
jimmy and matt to the rescue again .
thanks to pep boys i dont have to .
the customer service at this store is the best .
jimmy knows how to take care of customers .
thank you again pep boys henderson !
customer service was really good !
price was reasonable as well .
one of the best shops around .
they do great work at a reasonable price .
this is a wonderful place to visit and shop .
one of the best local gun shops .
bobby is awesome and is a wealth of knowledge .
these guys know thier stuff and have good prices .
great service and no pressure with very large selection .
the staff there is really friendly and knowledgeable .
will definitely buy again .
guys in the store were very helpful and personal .
very happy on how they resolved the problem .
fair prices , nice selection and lots of knowledge .
my experience was really good with these guys .
everyone i dealt with was really friendly and helpful .
i will do business with them again .
the owner and staff are absolutely amazing .
willing to help out with any questions you have .
also have really good prices .
fun place to check out !
it is a full service car repair shop .
then just got a custom exhaust made .
highly recommended for all your exhaust needs .
these guys were great and the shop was clean .
quick , professional , honest service everytime !
we are so glad we found the muffler shop !
great place to get your car fixed !
great prices , speedy service , good customer service .
for a very reasonable price .
i would highly recommend this shop to anyone .
an honest automotive shop !
great business and people !
even my warranty work is done with them .
excellent job again guys .
they were awesome , honest and reliable .
saved me a ton compared to the dealership .
so nice and pleasant to work with .
the pricing was more than fair for the service .
thanks again larry and joe !
fast and knowledgeable with fair , reasonable rates .
thank you , thank you larry and joe .
i would highly recommend this company !
garage door is so much better now .
ryan and his lovely wife showed up on time .
the techs were very helpful and friendly .
honest , hard-working , experienced service men .
definitely will have my repeat business !
great knowledge and customer service .
decent service , decent food .
okay , i can update this review .
the nuggets were great and hot .
overall it was a good meal .
office was quiet and staff was friendly .
they have a pretty good selection of glasses frames .
thank you dr. grant and your wonderful staff.
reasonably priced as well .
the price for the grooming is reasonable too .
this shop is great - service is exceptional .
awesome organization with friendly folks .
like their web site says , books are magical .
what a great cause !
friendly down to earth amazing artists with reasonable prices .
very well kept and clean shop .
great honest , and very friendly .
will go to again and again .
i would recommend them to anybody .
she was warm and welcoming .
i had fun and i was very comfortable .
she is extremely talented and she took her time .
i will def be back soon !
the staff are friendly , helpful , and timely .
the restaurant there is also pretty nice .
it smells like old vegas and i love it .
good local place to eat .
we love frank the drink guy !
they also run occasional poker tournaments .
delicious inexpensive egg breakfasts .
i highly recommend them .
the customer service there is absolutely great .
these guys are amazing .
incredibly rare and amazing service .
this is my new go-to shop !
these guys are courteous professionals .
i will be back guys thank you !
very convenient and great service !
service and pricing is excellent .
i'm exceedingly glad that i did .
i found that at sun valley automotive !
these guys are all class .
i'm a customer for life !
i will definitely use their services in the future .
thank you dave and staff .
these guys are by far the best in town !
keep up the good job !
everything & everyone was outstanding .
this alone speaks highly of the quality of service .
trustworthy and honest mechanics .
really appreciate the honesty here .
will definitely start going here .
awesome , awesome , awesome !
great hours with good service .
both were good and our server was very friendly .
incredible is all i have !
i've been taking my boat here for years !
great service and high quality work !
i highly recommend adam and his crew !
price wise it's pretty reasonable .
there 's absolutely nothing wrong with this place .
these guys are great .
i even got a straw too !
i have to give them a thumbs up !
quality was good , and the lobby was clean .
as good as it gets for mcdonald 's grub !
the people are very friendly too !
great location and a friendly staff .
it was kind of pricey but worth it !
this place is great for all types of parties !
the receptionist , brenda is fun to talk to .
highly recommend to others .
i love love love this shop !
very knowledgeable and professional .
would recommend them to all my friends and family !
the work and detail is phenomenal .
oh ya , the conversations are hilarious !
jeremy was so friendly , knowledgeable and professional .
good job guys can't wait to go back !
so happy i found this shop .
the shop was clean , real professional .
seriously he's amazing at what he does .
the shop is friendly and clean .
thanks greg and golden dragon tattoo !
keep up the good work !
i will keep coming back here for work .
i highly recommend this place .
greg did an amazing job .
jeremy did an amazing job on my first tattoo .
we love this school !
i love the small class sizes .
reasonably priced , excellent teachers and support staff .
coaches are also great .
karl was very carefully pick up my car .
very nice doing business with you .
thanks walker towing , will definitely use again !
great customer service and very knowledgeable .
he was very nice , speedy , and courteous .
thanks to the whole staff .
this is a wonderful veterinary clinic !
i would highly recommend vca black mountain !
you can tell he really cares for the animals .
jamie the vet tech is also a great asset .
i finally found a good vet , yay !
thank you for the help !
you saved the most important thing in my life .
the office staff is absolutely wonderful .
my best friends are always taken care of !
definitely the go-to 's for my family and i .
everyone was so nice .
they handle my dogs so well .
we enjoyed our lunch .
i just ordered it custom last tuesday !
i will definitely use this company again !
they installed a beautiful front gate .
also the price was very fair !
very experience and professional company .
secondly , the installers did a great job .
the price for an overnight stay is reasonable .
the staff is caring .
please enjoy their services .
i highly recommend them .
we will definitely take our pets there again !
i love this place .
i definitely recommend having individual play time with staff .
i really do appreciate them for that .
we had a good experience .
it had an indoor/outdoor option , which i loved .
well , not hard at all .
definitely worth going to .
got a very good price !
very satisfied with their service.
fantastic place to deal with .
would recommend to anyone .
this place is perfect !
what an unbelievably great experience .
making our experience the best .
michael was very honest and straight forward with me .
he is a true pro .
they are definitely trustworthy for the big day !
had fast and professional service from bonnie 's boutique .
great follow up , great service and great quality .
i had a very pleasant experience in bonnie 's .
i am well satisfied .
bonnie was so very happy to provide the item .
the decorations were tasteful and the service was great !
the tee boxes were perfect .
overall , it was a great experience .
what a wonderful wedding !
and the food was outstanding !
one of my favorite fast food places .
this one was great though !
uh , yes please .
sonic is consistently sonic .
this place is pretty good .
but the lake mead location is better .
theyre burgers are awesome !
their food is always cooked fresh and is delicious .
and the staff is great as well .
staff is always friendly .
drinks are always fabulous .
and everything comes quickly and with a smile .
had a chicago dog and it was good .
the tots were great .
i love going in and passing by this church .
it just has that older church feeling to it .
amazing customer service and great tasting cakes .
will definitely use again and recommend to friends .
her cake and cupcakes were amazing !
my wedding cake was so beautiful !
the cake also tasted amazing too !
darlene is just amazing !
she truly is one of a kind !
darlene came highly recommend from caesars palace .
she's a sweetie and you will just love her !
cakes on the move is the best !
thank you , darlene !
she made the whole experience easy .
quick , efficient , reasonable and honest .
the tech was knowledgable , and professional .
i highly recommend carl 's air .
chris really saved us !
got a new compressor the same day !
i would highly recommend them !
i had a very good experience with them .
honest , prompt , and expert .
went in not expecting much and was pleasantly surprised !
these guys will match internet prices .
definitely a solid group of guys working here .
great shop great employees and good people as well .
great store , great customer service .
genuinely , these guys like working with each other .
the guys here are great people .
always greeted right away upon arrival .
great professional crew that does the job right way .
everyone is so friendly .
great guy - friendly and very open .
this place is a hoot and a half !
good flavor and not too much fat .
go , have fun , enjoy !
however it's one of my favorite places to gamble .
what a great little dive casino .
filled with locals and has good drink prices .
marty is the best !
old school las vegas at its best !
this place has very good country music .
they have additional entertainment on fridays and saturday .
so i came in early to listen to her .
she is very good .
love breakfast here favorite spot from my childhood .
best customer service very attentive .
the best and they leave you alone to eat .
seated us right away even with a smile .
i would recommend this to anyone .
it was really good for its simplicity .
our son loved the trains running around the ceiling .
the service is always exceptional here !
the food is pretty good too .
the specials are a great value .
i just love the skyline !
there is normally live entertainment in the bar area .
love the relaxed pace here .
love the prime rib here .
and food is fast and service is always great .
john the waiter is great .
amazing food amazing prices and amazing service .
their staff is extremely friendly and helpful .
i would highly recommend them to anyone needing help .
they are the very best at customer service .
their technicians are the best i have ever used .
i would recommend them to everyone i know .
veggie burrito was great !
really appreciate that they make the beans vegetarian .
they are very thorough and always take their time .
their priority is definitely their patients .
i would recommend them to anyone .
all doctors and staff are great !
they are incredible doctors .
we're so happy we have them treating our children .
great doctors you feel comfortable taking your kids to .
they really take care of you .
i felt very comfortable bringing my kids here .
we will definitely return .
i would highly recommend them .
the staff was friendly and efficient .
we're happy we switched !
the staff and doctors here are kind and courteous .
the is truly the last of the honest mechanics .
the last honest mechanics anywhere in vegas !
worth the drive from anywhere !
his work is exceptional and consistent .
he is knowledgable and honest .
top notch all the way .
tom was shocked by their quote as well .
needless to say my jaw dropped .
tom and the crew are so awesome .
they are so honest and professional .
great place , great food , nice staff .
" china inn " does chinese right .
delicious food and great staff !
the sauces are all home made and really tasty .
they also deliver which is awesome !
fried rice was also good .
our orders are always perfect .
great place for chinese .
great service , and food !
a delicious chinese restaurant !
this place is fantastic .
i am totally pleased with it .
the service is also top notch .
great food & great service .
i'll definitely come back .
really great food , comfortable seating .
quick service and friendly staff .
love , love , love this little hidden gem !
traditional food with some great twist .
nice filipino menu of my faves !
friendly people and the food is always great !
friendly enough , real people .
super friendly and he made my man look great .
the absolute best barber shop ever .
we will continue to be patrons of this shop .
my daughter loves it here !
my daughter actually requested it !
wonderful place with great teachers .
very happy we ended up here !
we have had a great experience over the years .
highly recommend this place .
i love the general chicken .
keep up the good work !
they have a new customer for life !
they were quick and did an amazing job .
professional , always perfect and at a good price .
they're definitely the best .
great , quick , friendly , service .
fast , friendly , safe , secure .
only great things to say !
all of their employees were incredibly friendly .
we wish them the best in their new space !
these people are great .
they are wonderful to work with !
i love this little gem .
craps game is nice though , friendly dealers .
great atmosphere , local friendly best free play offers .
i always enjoying playing here .
thank you for making it fun to hang out .
great little casino off the beaten path in vegas .
breakfast lunch and dinner is phenomenal from here .
the food prepared here is done really professional .
got ta love a clean restaurant !
i've had a great time at this casino .
the dealers are fun and reasonable .
these guys are great .
this is one of my favorite local chinese joints .
lotus is one of my favorite places to eat .
the food was really good .
the service was great .
so the service is great !
it has been consistent and good for years !
the service is fast and friendly .
they have good specials and decent food .
customer service is friendly .
extremely tacky , but in the best way .
the egg flower soup is the best part .
great food and great service .
i will definitely be back .
the service is always amazing .
this place is a must if you're in henderson .
they have great lunch specials .
good food for a great price .
service is always good as well .
it is very flavorful .
amazing service and delivery !
great place to order delivery from downtown .
lovely little family place .
good value , good portions , friendly staff .
great dinner and service .
honest , great service , and saved me money .
best in the valley for damn sure !
the omelets are huge and fresh and expertly created .
all of their breakfasts are amazing .
those spuds are magical .
this place most really have their shit together .
great staff , fast & friendly service .
a solid choice for breakfast .
i found this breakfast joint thanks to yelpers !
so i yelped and read about the omlet house .
i will definitely return .
the waitresses are very friendly .
the corn beef had good flavor and very tender .
portion size was good .
the service is quick , friendly and easy .
i loved their banana bread .
it came out nice and warm .
great price for the amount of food you get .
the banana nut bread is worth the trip .
it was the best service i have ever received .
it was amazing food .
i live right down the street from this location .
they have great staff !
their rewards program is easy and worth it also .
great food and fabulous service .
i feel like home here !
home made cooking at it's finest .
great food , seasoned just right .
classic breakfast place for locals and non chain lovers .
it gives me a great deal of comfort .
easy atmosphere , really yummy food !
i really liked the biscuit and gravy here .
they have good basic dinner breakfast and great service .
amazing food amazing service .
staff friendly and fast service .
waitresses nice and fast .
food wonderful and very reasonably priced .
would definitely recommend for breakfast without hesitation .
one of the best dive restaurants ever .
the portions are generous and the quality is consistent .
great value and worth the visit .
the food was great and the service was great .
plenty of food and a clean restaurant .
food was very good .
everyone loved their breakfasts .
they were pretty much right on .
my boyfriend loved it !
very goo quality food here .
you definitely get your money 's worth .
the meals are fresh and hot .
breakfast and service were amazing !
i really enjoy this place for a sunday breakfast .
the omelette is a great portion .
the food is awesome , the service is good .
i always love supporting that .
classic lv breakfast and lunch spot .
this place is always good .
the servings are huge and well worth the price .
delicious food , friendly service .
ask for terri , she'll treat you right .
their banana nut bread is amazing too .
any other choice on their menu is awesome too .
always great food and service .
very happy to get you exactly what you want .
had a great experience !
i'd recommend they work on it a little bit .
the chili verde omelet was wonderful .
huge omelet selection and the pancakes are delicious too .
the best part about this place is the service .
got ta love it .
best food and the waitresses are the sweetest .
pretty decent prices too .
food is great too .
kitschy and consistent food and service !
they have the best spuds !
a little pricey but a good value .
staff is always friendly the breakfast is always delicious .
give it a try and you'll see .
the food was delicious and in very large portion .
highly recommend the chile verde burrito .
best huevos i've ever had .
pumpkin bread is amazing .
service was top notch .
honestly one of the best breakfasts i've ever had !
the food was so tasty !
you are always spot on .
we have been to other locations - always yummy .
great service and great food !
thanks for the good breakfast food .
we will be going back again !
pumpkin bread is amazing .
great portions you get what you pay for .
portions are huge and the price is right .
definitely recommend this hidden henderson gem .
interacted and accommodated my toddler wonderfully .
the staff is very warm , friendly and professional .
the coffee train keeps the cup hot and filled .
the servers are friendly .
this place is great .
i love the fries and the omelette .
it really is a family restaurant like they say .
all were quite tasty and reasonably priced .
seriously good corn beef hash was amazing .
we will be back several times i'm sure .
this is such a cute little omelet house .
i love their big belgian waffles !
awesome food , and the portions are enormous !
laura was our server , and she was great .
i would definitely eat here again !
huge portions and super friendly staff .
it's our favorite breakfast restaurant in this area .
this is my favorite breakfast cafe place .
i love this place !
the omelettes were superb too .
so much good food !
the service is phenomenal .
it has become a tradition for us .
it's worth going out of the way for .
i have found my new guilty pleasure !
the pumpkin bread was excellent !
i love this place !
when the food came it looked delicious .
the rye bread was fresh and full of flavor .
will definitely be back .
was very accommodating and friendly .
i highly recommend it .
delicious , fast and huge portions .
they do present you with tough choices .
potatoes were wonderful if you like them crispy .
and the spuds were so good !
definitely competition for denny 's .
thank god we did .
i have loved everything i have ever had here .
decent enough establishment with good service and good food .
the food is always hot and delicious .
he gave her a very excited " yes ! "
it is definitely worth driving out to !
eat here on a regular basis .
cute and comfortable ambience and friendly attentive staff .
also the banana muffin is delicious !
highly recommend to all !
awesome food and great service .
first , the staff was really friendly and attentive .
the service is also good .
well done omelet house !
this place is absolutely the best breakfast hands down !
fantastic food , and service .
the banana bread is a must !
i absolutely love the waffles .
fast service and the food was amazing !
love their style of home fries .
waffles are delicious too .
the best breakfast i've ever had in awhile .
the food is excellent and the service matches .
this is definitely our new favorite breakfast spot .
best breakfast food ever !
my omelet was amazing !
such nice and honest people !
i highly recommend this place !
totally great place for a meal to share .
great food , great atmosphere , great people .
one of the best omelets i've eaten .
the bread warm and added butter to it .
it was a great start to the breakfast .
outstanding omelette and waffles .
got the cowboy one .
will definitely go again .
the waffle was even fresh in the afternoon .
biggest omelettes and a homey atmosphere !
this place is a gem for breakfast .
the service was outstanding .
dont love the potatoes much .
great consistency and always a friendly down home staff .
the potatoes were also really tasty .
great place for family and friends .
comfort food at its best .
large plates , great people .
the food was amazing and portions were great .
our waitress was attentive and good .
but it is soooooo good you will .
yes , the decor is dated .
one of my favorite places to eat .
great food , great service , great owners .
make sure you're hungry when you go there .
everything i have tried here has been very good .
great service and food .
what a wonderful breakfast .
so much food for the price .
would recommend to family 's as well .
the portion sizes are very big !
the service is always good .
the joint is pretty clean too .
we received great and attentive service .
loved the corn beef hash and pumpkin bread .
the food is delicious and cheap .
corned beef hash was delicious , very tender .
the servings are huge and everything was delicious .
excellent portion size and the food is good too .
i definitely recommend if you want a good fill .
this place is a well oiled machine !
food prices are really reasonable !
food arrived hot and was very good .
recommended for family and friends .
because his service is amazing !
he had the chili omlet which is soooo good .
we love coming to this henderson restaurant !
she is friendly to everyone without being fake .
wife and i love this restaurant !
so far everyone we've taken here loves it .
we really liked this spot .
the service was also great !
and their banana bread they serve is amazing .
a family favorite in my household !
we highly recommend it .
exceptional service and extremely friendly .
the food was as equally great .
loved my experience here and definitely recommend this place .
this place is soooo good !
food and service is amazing .
great service and friendly staff .
great service and good food .
this was an incredible breakfast .
the staff was extremely knowledgeable , professional and fast .
i traveled with a group and notice this spot .
this is the best diner i ever met .
my new favorite breakfast spot when in vegas .
coffee was amazing and so was the food .
the amazing banana nut bread is the second reason !
also amazing was the service .
this is good pizza !
my roommate and i love this place .
the toppings are fresh and delish !
and the people who work here are super nice !
i would highly recommend this place !
i really liked this place .
i will be going every two weeks !
the whole staff was awesome and great atmosphere !
i left happy , and will definitely be back !
thanks again beauty nail staff !
the place is clean too !
i am very happy .
thank you emily and beauty nail salon .
great place to get your nails done !
this place is really great .
they are very friendly and clean .
keep up the good work .
kid friendly awesome customer service .
this place is amazing !
this is my new go to nail salon !
everyone there is so nice and friendly !
such a great place !
the price is unbeatable !
thank you beauty nail salon !
dogs are chicago style all the freaking way .
italian beef sandwich is equally delicious .
this place is definitely a dive .
that 's the charm of hot dog heaven .
and the fries are really good as well .
the chili dog is pretty darn good too .
simply the best i have had .
great prices , great people , great satisfaction .
the fries are crisp and tasty too .
there claims are spot-on !
great food , great service .
the italian beef was moist and flavorful !
everything on the menu is great .
everything i've ordered from here is tasty .
its a rare gem in henderson !
and fresh , hot fries .
go there and take cash with you .
it is an icon of the henderson area .
, but always good .
loved the italian beef sandwich even more !
good , simple , straight forward food .
the sausage dog was really good .
a pleasant experience all around .
you get the authentic food with the accent !
hot dog heaven is the real deal .
the taste and quality are unbeatable , anywhere .
best italian beef in or out of chicago !
also really like the fries .
i was greatly pleased .
best polish in the valley !
favorite place for french fries too .
i love this little stand .
by far the best hot dog stand in town .
thank you hot dog heaven !
great food , great staff .
best hotdog in town .
friendly service and quick .
a very kind person .
joe will take care of ya .
every time i get your fries they are perfect !
i love your menu joe !
well we couldn't have been happier .
i'll be back to this enterprise outlet .
thank you for a five star service .
i always have a good experience .
i would recommend them to anyone .
food took a bit , but it was good .
it's a great small town casino !
other than that , super fun night !
so barbeque lovers be sure to check it out .
prices are good too .
foods great for the price .
a true locals casino .
i love this small local casino .
all the employees are very friendly and helpful .
breakfast is delicious and so are their steaks !
by far my favorite casino .
old vegas style service .
love the players rewards .
the atmosphere was really nice .
we will definitely be back .
foods great for the price .
i absolutely love love this place !
a nice place to play !
a great little spot right off of water street .
so i had a very filling lunch .
best food and great prices !
theres even baby and wedding stuff .
i love this place .
i give them an a+ !
bob is a great guy and very fair .
most importantly , great time lines .
the best thats sums it up .
i always enjoyed their cheese enchiladas .
i enjoy this place since its cheap and tasty !
great sauces and excellent food .
wow , fausto 's is good .
the staff are very nice .
i love this place !
love the shrimp cocktail !
i love this place !
delicious and inexpensive mexican food !
yeah , it's that good .
definitely worth checking out .
i absolutely love the burrito 's here .
carne asada is very good as well .
love the flavors and the food !
but i always come back !
it was a very pleasant find .
carrots were crunchy and flavorful which is a must !
i love fausto 's !
the carne asada is delicious .
my favorite quick mexican food in the valley .
their salsa is great !
the guys are very accommodating for special orders .
their breakfast burritos are great .
i love this joint .
favorite spot for food by far .
they put us in a good mood again !
great service , always quick and accurate on orders .
it was stuffed and seasoned well .
fausto 's is the best .
top notch food in a dive restaurant .
i'm glad so many others like it as well .
my favorite is the rolled tacos with guacamole .
they also have great breakfast burritos !
we were very pleasantly surprised !
best mexican food anywhere in vegas .
always crowded but they move fast .
i love the carrots and jalapeo pepper station !
love that they remember a face .
always check in on the family .
great food good company .
my favorite by far .
and the pin drink is the best .
good , fast food .
mexican fast food but really great !
this fit the bill perfectly .
go now , right now .
this place hit the mark perfectly .
we enjoyed a very nice food here .
and they are super nice .
the food here is great .
great service great food .
this place is so much better !
this is my favorite mexican place .
anything i order is perfect and delicious !
i was amazed at how beautiful they were .
it was well worth every penny spent .
now that is excellent service .
the shop is absolutely beautiful inside and out .
beautiful gifts , other than flowers too .
will definitely be back !
they made me look like a hero .
and my wife loves the new bouquet .
i'd definitely recommend them to anyone .
a country rose is the best !
you can work out here and sweat .
wow what a workout .
great people , great gym .
definitely love working out here !
its all so delicious and the help is nice !
this place is fantastic .
thumbs up for options !
such a fun secluded spot for a cafe !
super excited now that we know its there !
the owner is very nice .
i'm happy with that .
cute little hole in the wall place .
great local small business .
the california sandwich is the best !
best chi in henderson .
very good place for lunch .
the food was great .
fast and friendly service .
i will be eating here again soon !
my first experience was a pleasure !
very kind staff and area was clean .
enjoyed being able to sit outside and eat lunch .
the croissant breakfast sandwich is my favorite so far !
best little breakfast/lunch place in henderson .
highly recommend any of the breakfast sandwiches .
they are the best !
pretty fast delivery too .
everything is always super fresh !
delivery is fast and everyone is very pleasant .
the california sandwich is amazing as well .
i will definitely go back when we're in town .
we will return there again !
the waffles were perfect .
my favorite little place in the water street district !
this place was an unexpectedly good find !
the dirty chi was great as well !
this place is a hidden gem .
see you soon coo coo 's !
this place has such good quality food .
i love it so much , everything is awesome .
prices are super reasonable too .
this place is a hidden gem !
delicious fresh food and great customer service .
a great sunday breakfast getaway .
i love this place !
nachos were surprisingly good too .
always great and friendly service .
staff is friendly and delivery is quick .
always a great experience !
i absolutely love this place .
this place is the best .
i love the breakfast .
all fresh made food .
it's a quiet , chill place with nice employees .
i love this place .
my favorite are the wraps .
the senior pueblo salad is amazingly tasty !
thanks for the yummy food !
we came here and we're delightfully surprised !
quaint , vintage , and value all in one !
great value & highly recommended !
it's delicious and light with plenty of boba .
and the help was really pleasant .
smoothies are super good .
coffee is pretty good too .
service was friendly and quick .
made for an excellent breakfast stop .
what a loyal , honest company .
will be recommending your company to everyone !
always been happy with the service sunrise had provided .
again another great job !
my heater worked just fine last year .
love this place honest and accurate repair .
honest and up front with pricing and parts availability .
good prices , great service , and excellent communication .
these guys are the best !
i will definitely be coming back here .
all the staff were incredibly friendly .
sunset auto - you are the best !
this is the best mechanic i've ever been to .
but so far , it's been worth it .
by the book , and service with a smile .
he's very professional and honest .
mechanics are equally as honest .
hard to find a good trustworthy mechanic .
they are just plain good people .
i had a very nice experience at sunset auto .
they are honest and trust worthy .
keep up the good work sunset auto !
they always do great work at reasonable prices .
they also seem to be honest and trustworthy .
i highly recommend them .
they are friendly & competent .
i can trust them to be fair & accurate .
staff was friendly and helpful .
i'll definitely be using them going forward !
these guys are great .
i recommend everyone to adams .
and they saved me a few bucks .
they were always friendly and helpful .
these guys are so great at what they do .
keep up the great work !
james , john and the staff are fantastic .
stephanie always is happy and cheerful at the counter .
best donuts in town by far .
the people behind the counter are always very friendly .
seriously , the best donut shop ever .
these are the best donuts !
perfect , delicious donuts .
it's our neighborhood 's best donut shop .
as good as you are going to find .
they are by far the best donut shop around .
perfection in a donut .
these donuts really are the best in town .
hands down the most amazing donuts in the world !
and these ones are amazing .
they are always fresh and greasy .
they are that good .
yup , they are that good !
the best donuts in las vegas .
best doughnut i've ever had in my life .
seriously , best doughnut i've ever had .
game , set , match .
best donuts at the best price .
friendly people , always a great experience !
did i mention super fresh and bargain priced ?
best donuts in the valley .
some of the favorite donuts .
every doughnut is amazing - every time .
go early for best choice !
open early , and they stay open late !
i love this donut joint .
d is for donut as well as delicious !
this place is great !
oh and larger than your face !
the best donuts ive ever had .
the taste is delicious .
delightfully doughy with a perfect amount of glaze .
just went this morning for myself and wow !
such good stuff coming from this friendly donut shop .
love this donut shop !
best place ever for an awesome donut !
the owners are extremely friendly and helpful .
the coffee is good and strong .
there is definitely something wonderful about those boxes .
they have a wide variety of freshly made donuts .
they open very early and stay open until 10pm .
it is simply delicious !
well , i do now .
best donuts in the world !
so fresh and perfect .
the owners are so friendly & polite .
the apple fritters are wonderful !
most delicious donuts in vegas !
great service and staff .
always a good time for a doughnut .
the service is great the people are great .
the best donut house in town .
employees are friendly and polite .
because their that good !
definitely worth a trip though !
a gem in the rough !
always fresh , always delicious .
love the blueberry and the glaze buttermilk !
the doughnuts were good .
pricing was fair as they were fresh and tasteful .
the customers were very happy and all smiles .
it's very close to our gym .
the maple sour cream donut is so good .
i had the apple fritter and it was delicious .
i would definitely recommend this place .
best donuts and nice service .
the blueberry donuts were super good !
a great place for a good traditional donut .
both were large , fresh and delicious .
the donuts are fabulous !
my favorite is the sugar donut and crumb cake .
my most favorite donut place of all time .
the best doughnut shot in this town .
the best donuts in henderson !
our third time getting donuts and they're amazing !
donuts are fresh , they melt in your mouth !
you will be ecstatic !
i would definitely recommend her .
it will be money well spent .
nice and fun staff there too !
we had a great stay here .
nice spot for a quick stay in henderson .
the pool area is clean & well maintained .
the breakfast was good with homemade waffles .
had a really good experience here .
the price is very reasonable .
stayed here for the second year in a row .
thanks for a great stay .
it keeps on dropping .
the hotel is nice .
staff is really friendly .
so the rooms are nice and spacious .
the hotel seems rather new and very clean .
the rental was in excellent condition and ran great !
thanks todd , craig , and james !
much better prices than anywhere on the water .
look these guys are just the best !
what an awesome experience !
very happy and will rent from them again .
i highly recommend you rent from here .
i most honestly say these guys were awesome !
the equipment is efficient and well taken care off .
they're always friendly and professional .
awesome place and very nice owners and staff !
this place was simply awesome !
i'll definitely be coming back !
this place had great service .
had a great day on the lake !
this place is awesome !
we highly recommend this place !
wound care facility is awesome !
the drs , nurses and staff are wonderful !
: - ) thank you st. rose !
super friendly , helpful and accommodating .
this place is great !
this is our church home away from home .
it's anything but traditional !
the kids program is amazing .
this place is amazing .
awesome and engaging worship sets .
they have the best music band !
the atmosphere is full of energy !
its very upbeat and loud with electric guitars .
the main core of the church is the bible .
easily the best church i've ever been to .
truly an awesome place to spend your weekends .
awesome church - very family friendly !
you will find yours here !
they keep it real .
i encourage everyone to check it out !
this church is a forever family .
worship together and feel alive !
best church of all time .
i love the atmosphere & the environment .
everyone is super welcome & the head pastor rock .
this place is friendly and amazing in my opinion .
everyone is so friendly and nice .
i love this house !
great services and lots of small groups .
amazing experience and heart lifting services .
highly highly highly recommend to everyone !
central is the greatest church ive been to !
they did soo good !
amazing pastor , and epic worship !
a friend introduced me almost a year ago !
this one looks promising .
great contemporary music and great messages !
central is a warm welcoming church .
henderson campus - spot on .
the worship was phenomenal and the message even better !
the youth group is great .
i absolutely love central christian church .
feeling is a good thing !
delighted whenever we pick up our clothes .
clean and nicely pressed .
giving special attention to any spots .
so glad to be treated with respect .
you guys did a great job fixing my car .
you provided amazing customer service and great work .
he got me back on track in record time !
good selection of shoes for me and women .
nice large bench square for trying on shoes .
pleasant and helpful staff .
i have a great experience here at sprint .
kim is real knowledgeable about the product she sales .
whoever answered the phone was extremely professional and pleasant .
his office staff has always been fantastic .
great place to bring your whole family .
they are so friendly and give excellent service .
they did a great job with my teeth .
i recommend this location .
they are honest and inexpensive .
the doctor is very professional .
this is the best dentist office in las vegas !
the chair side manner is superb !
the office staff , hygienist , etc .
very professional and helpful .
it is well worth trying it .
best potatoe cheese soup ever !
great place food good great service must try .
very friendly people , though !
great food at great prices .
great food and friendly service .
this is a great location .
right near several of your shopping or eating needs .
thank you for the fresh cut short ribs john .
seriously , everything was really very good !
the service is outstanding and everyone was very friendly .
i highly recommend jasmine express !
pretty decent chinese delivery as far as vegas goes .
food was pretty good .
all of them were fantastic .
i think it's the best dish they offer .
this is the best chinese ever !
it is always amazing !
i love the beef combination pho soup !
i love jasmine express .
so glad i found this place .
just right up the street .
good prices and good pho !
by far the best chinese i have had !
most definitely my new go-to place for chinese cuisine !
yep , i'm a fan !
the food is good too .
the service and variety were fine .
loved the pineapple fried rice !
i love the pho soup .
save a trip from going to spring mountain .
overall we really liked the food .
the service is excellent .
awesome place for pho !
the wait is worth it here !
their chicken noodle pho soup is delicious !
i eat it at least once a week !
the customer service was awesome .
thank god , they deliver !
eddie was excellent cashier .
must say it has improved big time !
they have very friendly service and great food !
ate some great chinese food .
crab rangoons and szechuan eggplant always yummy !
their pho here is great too .
good price and big portions .
i love this place .
absolutely love this place !
& they're vietnamese coffee is yum !
& gives you that extra energy .
first time here , better than i thought .
i was surprise to find it fresh n tasty .
the vietnamese rolls and milk teas are the best .
all of which are pretty on point .
some are good , some are not .
the food is all good .
the service is good .
great to get food on way home .
good for the money !
best smoothies , so yummy !
they're always really friendly !
the food was worth the wait .
over years before yelp !
this was always a favorite place say !
it's one of my favorite !
love love love how easy y'all made this !
i love me some dominos !
being able to customize your pizza is great .
just basic layered cut .
cost was fair and job well done !
i will continue to use this company !
these folks are terrific !
i love this place .
it really is true , i love this place .
i'm very impressed with the honest staff here .
will definitely be back !
left me extremely happy .
very fast , honest work !
pretty quick and efficient .
always bring our cars here .
always gives right information about what our cars need .
i absolutely love this place .
so far so good !
reliable and professional place , this is it !
they are friendly and professional .
always love coming here !
good ppl good food .
food was great and service was great .
our waitress , rebecca , was funny .
well , everyone except dad .
i absolutely love this place .
food is very good .
bartenders at night rock !
yay im a fan !
this place was surprisingly good .
the service was wonderful , friendly and attentive .
at least someone at my table got it !
the best melt i have ever had .
the wife had the philly and loved it .
great food , friendly staff .
i will definitely be back !
the pizza is the best in north las vegas .
great service with a sense of humor !
and really good grub !
so please stay away !
fun atmosphere and great gaming .
every bartender is great !
clean and we'll kept i found a home .
this bar is an absolute amazing place to be !
the bar staff is wonderful .
i feel at home here !
the food and drinks are great !
i always have a great time here .
i recommend giving it a watch .
sandwiches are creative and delicious .
my favorite is the italian .
i will refer all my friends .
damn it's hella good !
i've always had a pleasant experience at this location !
lol will be back again soon !
the people who work here are the best !
lol ) but they are always great to us !
larry and ryan build great pools .
great service at the drive-thru .
could be a bit cleaner on the inside .
paige is an awesome employee !
how refreshing for fast food !
the staff is always friendly .
what an awesome bartender !
our server was sam and she was great !
pleasant and helpful with any questions we had .
food was really good !
this shit is good .
they take care customers good .
i've always loved applebee 's menu .
definitely try those two !
def worth the drive .
wow , what a class act from all employees .
the room was big , and i was impressed .
nice place to stay if you have a pet .
good breakfast and very nice staff .
easy to deal with as well .
entire staff was very helpful and friendly .
both rings came out fantastic .
i will continue to take our rings here .
they are so nice and helpful .
most importantly the jewelry is great .
quality people and quality work .
i highly recommend them !
thank you jeff and danny !
this is an incredible family business .
and , quality considered , it is reasonably priced .
i recommend them to everyone i know !
and very professional and easy to work with .
i attend performances by the rainbow company youth theatre .
water temp is great for a good workout .
clean , well maintained facility .
the entire staff is top notch and professional .
the staff here is amazing !
they always remember me and my name .
they are friendly and personal .
dr. d was amazing !
dr. d is wonderfully compassionate and extremely knowledgable .
dr d always explains everything and was very thorough .
we recommend their friendly and personable staff .
they are the best .
i hope this gives at least one person hope .
dr d and his staff are simply amazing .
so much love for dr d !
great service at this location .
good for them and good for their customers .
pizza is consistently delicious and their cheese sticks rock .
their customer service is top notch !
the pizza was hot and tasted excellent .
the pizza is excellent everytime .
tasty pizza that gets there fast .
i like the meats , and johns favorite .
great place all around !
what a great experience !
i'll definitely continue using them and recommend them !
great selection great prices .
friendly staff great turnaround you can't beat their prices !
it's clean and signage is clearly marked .
what a great place .
i love this airport .
easy in , easy out .
fun at the airport !
this is a pretty awesome airport .
welcome to sin city !
this is a pretty efficient airport .
cross your fingers , bitches !
big props -- huge props for the free wifi .
thank you , airport .
they got burger kind and subway i know .
never will i ride them again .
it's just nice to look at !
efficient , artistic , and even slot machines .
it's just a well laid out airport .
that alone should make it worth the hassle .
this to me is a very efficient airport .
its pretty clean too .
my favorite airport ever !
free wifi makes me a happy camper .
well , of course they have slot machines !
it's vegas after all !
everyone was smiling and happy .
security lines are always fast and efficient .
virgin america has a pretty good check in system .
the food selection here is decent also .
the staff for the most part is friendly .
happy trails fellow travelers !
very well organized as far as security and signage .
the staff there is incredibly friendly .
got ta love good customer service .
the free wifi is always a plus .
this airport gets my two thumbs up .
this airport is by far easiest , most convenient .
mccarran is by far one of my favorites .
security is intense here !
it's an awesome airport though !
one of the most organized airports we've seen .
it's an airport with slot machines .
yeah , i'm a fan .
by far my favorite airport of all time !
wayne makes everything better .
airport with the nicest people !
they just tell you instructions !
i enjoy the slot machines at this airport .
all in all , it's a decent little place .
i do enjoy the slot machines .
the bathrooms are clean .
it's right there beside it .
i'm happy with this airport .
free wi-fi is a nice addition as well .
there are plenty of places to eat .
some of the best people watching in the world .
the tsa videos are great !
one of my favorite airports to fly into .
i've got to love leaving vegas on a monday !
see all my other airport reviews .
great airport all in all .
i've always had a positive experience at las .
its perfect for writing your yelp reviews !
it offers a great view of the mountains too .
love the free wireless .
i hope to see you soon !
well , it's an airport .
i love mccarran airport .
traveled through here many times .
love this airport for one reason !
slot machines in an airport is a great idea .
the terminals and baggage claim are easy to find .
it's easy to navigate and clean .
it's pretty easy to navigate .
a first class welcome to las vegas .
over all this is a great airport .
easy in , easy out .
security well staffed to help you through .
mccarran is clean and easy to navigate .
the security lines move along and are generally efficient .
love their car rental facility !
clean , modern , well signed .
the airport is clean , well-stocked , and efficient .
i love this airport !
another great thing about this airport wireless is free !
taxi and self park are smooth rides .
pretty simple i say .
sky harbor is still better in the southwest !
thank god for the burger king in the back .
it's easy to navigate .
they handle the massive traffic quite well .
i love mccarran airport !
one of my favorites .
the d gates are my favorite .
you should be good .
the best way to get to vegas .
i usually fly southwest and appreciate the layout .
wow , this is a big airport !
free wifi is the best !
great for people watching .
the parking structure is pretty nice and easy too .
one of my favorite airports in the country .
absolutely love this airport !
the airport is great though .
overall , the airport is clean and convenient .
but it is quite efficient - for americans anyway .
cool airport and easy to get around !
one of the best in the us .
consistently the best airport in the country !
new addition is getting better .
terminals are pretty easy to navigate .
its actually pretty nice now .
they are really strict about that .
got through security pretty quick , that was nice .
there is generally plenty of seating at the gates .
the bathrooms are also clean .
an international airport that is always clean and organized .
great place for people watching .
it gets you on the plane .
all in all , las is a cool airport !
very easy to navigate and clean .
this new terminal is gorgeous .
the taxi lines here are also quite efficient .
keep it up vegas !
beautiful airport with new renovations .
new upgrades recently are very nice .
there are some decent food options in this area .
yay welcome to las vegas !
this airport is pretty efficient .
i love how there are slot machines everywhere .
it's a lot better than taking a cab alone .
luggage pick up was a piece of cake .
this is a very nice airport .
everything is nice and shiny and new .
it's a nice airport , lots of walking .
welcome to sin city .
this airport is awesome !
the rental car shuttle is efficient and fast .
overall , this is a pretty good airport .
clean , big , staff was professional and helpful .
nice new wing of the airport !
great airport when compared to others in usa .
well run taxi line for business travelers .
one of my favorite airports .
i love this airport because it's las vegas .
great customer service and all around !
fast moving security line for a sunday morning .
nope , its an airport .
you know , mccarran suits me just fine .
airport is kept nice and clean including the restrooms .
mccarran is a solid airport .
the shops and dining options here are solid .
very clean & everyone that works there is friendly .
the perfect thing for your hangover !
the new terminal is really nice and spacious .
but it is great .
mccarran is and will always be my favorite .
it is run very well and efficiently .
what a well oiled machine this airport is .
leaving the airport was also fine .
nothing spectacular , nothing bad .
travel on a saturday is great !
but the airport is good .
keep up the good work .
good thing i got the later flight .
the restaurants are good .
it's clean and fairly modern and easy to navigate .
mccarran is an easy airport to navigate .
the rental shuttle system is fast and efficient .
mccarran continues to improve on an already great start .
i definitely approve of the airport .
concourse d is so gorgeous .
this airport is amazing !
it serves its purpose .
what a lovely new terminal .
i love the new terminal !
lines are always long , but parking always available .
this airport is kinda funny looking .
one great thing is , theres plenty of bathrooms .
the new international terminal is very nice .
plenty of food to choose from and eat .
this is a big plus .
take advantage of the free wifi !
it is quick and efficient .
beware of the taxi stand on certain busy days !
it is truly a one of a kind !
it makes waiting for the plane much more pleasant .
this is a pretty easy airport to navigate .
there are several places to eat and get coffee .
small quaint little airport .
workers are pretty nice and helpful .
i fly in and out of mccarran a lot .
it's busier in here , then on the strip !
thank you so much , whoever you are .
lots of quality people watching .
this place is laid out well .
it was easy to catch a shuttle as well .
clean and well laid out .
tsa pre rocks here .
usually no line and very friendly folks .
the main terminal is well laid out .
overall one of the best small airports .
i'm impressed thus far !
i recommend the shuttle .
i liked this airport very much .
and free wifi is a major plus .
i do love my reno airport .
they have some good eats .
what a great way to start a vacation !
yep , it's one of my favorites !
one of the best airports !
great airport with free wifi !
this airport is the absolute best .
another great thing about vegas .
you can absolutely live in this airport !
i love this airport .
fun shops , good bars and free wifi .
also a great place to people watch .
this is the best airport ever .
so convenient and easy to access everything .
besides that , the airport is fine .
it's my favorite slot machine .
its just filled with a lot of people .
i love this airport !
traffic flow is perfect .
this is a very fun airport .
a really nice airport .
super clean , huge airport .
the free wifi by the airport is awesome .
the new terminal very clean and modern .
this is the greatest airport , hands down .
it's super easy to navigate as well .
the free wifi is really nice .
probably one of the most entertaining airports .
this airport seems easy to navigate .
i love this airport .
good options for food and shopping .
this airport is very well ran !
the baggage claim is very fast here !
i will say though that it's huge !
just follow the signs and you will be fine !
i'll start with the good .
had a positive experience on a sunday .
quick and easy check in and everyone 's really friendly.
the parking is easy and fast .
just a well run airport .
location , location , location !
this is a decent airport .
great shops and restaurants while you wait .
pretty good airport , easy to navigate .
reeked of cigarettes , welcome to vegas !
i have always been happy with mccarran airport .
always clean and i love the free wifi .
keep up the good work .
i love this airport because i love vegas !
it's nice and clean .
the tram system is very smooth easy to use .
this is a great airport .
and southwest is the best !
place is really organized .
you can catch taxi and shuttles here .
las vegas airport has improved over the years .
good luck have fun !
best airport wifi of any airport i've been to !
security line was much better than in the past .
cool airport , slots and all .
clean and new feeling .
i find the vegas one fairly decent .
the best airport for a layover !
the food vendors are decent .
glad i can use this airport often !
it's always clean and brand new .
i enjoy seeing the different food eateries and shops .
this is a nice and efficient airport .
this is a great airport .
it's amusing that there are slots in the terminals .
always a great laugh .
great airport close to the strip .
allot of interesting people .
arriving at the airport is pretty cool .
i love this airport !
love to have options .
great place to be stranded for six hours .
this airport is fine .
basically a well oiled machine .
traffic flow is perfect .
overall a great experience .
bathrooms are clean and there are plenty of them .
it's one of the most beautiful drives ever !
i am a fan of this place !
great eateries , amenities , easy access , fun !
friendly and funny , yet still strict security .
a perfect blend of fun and professional .
don't have much more to say , but wow .
such an inviting and welcoming gate to enter to .
very easy check-in and security process .
made our trip a very easy process , thanks !
staff are efficient , friendly and consistent .
taxi and ground transportation are easy to follow .
cant wait to see you again mccarran international !
a good airport overall .
lots of dining options here as well .
las has always been a smooth moving airport !
every person we dealt with was warm and friendly .
the bathrooms have warm water .
very pleasant airport experience !
the remodel makes it look so much cleaner !
great quick grab to go food options .
slot machines are still everywhere but it is vegas !
clean , fast , and easy exit !
their security seems pretty minimal .
actually i really like this airport .
one of the best airports i have been too .
so comfortable and clean than other airports !
there like the same , so clean and new .
i love the mccarran airport .
parking is great , if you need it .
overall , i'm satisfied !
it has definitely changed a lot .
very decent airport and well maintained .
the airport is big but is easy to navigate .
i love flying out and flying into this airport .
it's so easy to do .
i love how it's set up as well .
this airport is small but very easy to navigate .
so they lower the price !
first time here was exciting .
thoroughly impressed by the organization of las .
have fun , win big !
nice airport , clean , friendly .
it's extremely clean and the staff are very helpful .
well because vegas , that 's why .
wow this airport is always busy !
for an old airport , it's pretty nice .
security is fast and friendly .
good restaurant & bar options .
pretty easy airport to navigate throughout terminals .
nice to have entertainment while waiting on your flight .
the layout is great very well designed .
this makes is easy for people arriving here .
very modern looking and clean .
has a great restaurant selection .
i love this airport !
very spacious and clean .
also , a liquor store right by baggage claim !
i fly southwest airlines all the time .
the best thing about las is the location .
south strip makes it so easy in and out .
staff was friendly and helpful .
plenty of space and plenty of food options .
the airport is pretty clean .
great place to people watch .
amazing wifi , helpful staff .
best airport i've ever been to .
one of my favorite airports in the us .
love the vegas airport .
it's always been clean and easy to get around .
smaller airport and very easy to get around .
the airport is well laid out .
nice airport relatively clean and easy to use .
airport is cool and very fast paced .
mccarran airport overall is well laid out and modern .
experience was great we will do again !
this is my favorite airport .
it's also very clean .
i always win when i play the slots here !
overall the airport is great .
overall , great experience at the las vegas airport .
there 's free airport wifi that 's pretty good .
rental cars at different location take shuttle there .
cool cactus ' around outside .
many great eateries , bars , and gift shops .
you see a ton of crazy things .
it always seems to be simple in and out .
climate control is an issue .
we will certainly fly here again !
i love that they added new restaurants .
the people watching is always top notch .
the airport is bright and the sounds of slots !
always my first choice when i fly !
more than happy to continue flying with them .
southwest takes care of their customers .
for the money , they are a great airline .
overall i enjoy flying with them .
southwest makes traveling so easy .
but no airline is perfect .
i absolutely love southwest airlines .
excellent service and motto .
i will always fly southwest if i can !
so that 's a big bonus .
i try my very best to us southwest .
it was definitely an entertaining flight esp .
really funny flight attendant guy today .
great flights for great prices .
free bags , easy rewards for free flights .
love that southwest has online or mobile check-in !
southwest , you make me very happy !
quick and simple check in !
customer service amazing compared to even alaska .
i will fly southwest again .
thank you craig , you saved my evening !
imo , the best way to fly .
reasonable prices with lots of destinations .
please get tv 's on your new planes .
thanks for a great flight .
this company is really great to work for .
the snacks on board were good as well .
the staff is friendly .
their gates are super crowded though .
now that 's service !
always satisfied with southwest !
the staff is super friendly .
i love the fact that two bags fly free !
of all the airlines , southwest is my favorite !
so far so good !
my favorite airline of all time .
i really enjoyed my flights with southwest .
flights delayed often and was cancelled today .
southwest is a must for most all frequent travelers .
the flight crew was very nice .
i will fly these guys anytime .
prices are very reasonable .
that 's a pretty good saves right there .
great prices always to las vegas .
wifi is extra charge .
the service is great here .
has a sense of humor .
southwest is the best of all the domestic airlines .
i love flying southwest .
for years their on time performance was terrific .
it gets the job done and keeps it simple .
miss cookie took great care of us !
i thought that was nice .
the service is usually pretty good .
the seats are spacious and comfortable .
it's all around a great airline !
southwest is super organized and friendly !
i almost always fly southwest .
they made jokes with us they were very nice .
the flight attendants were very nice and professional .
the snacks are always generous .
keep up the flights !
for an airline today , southwest is pretty good .
people are super nice and helpful .
the customer service at southwest in vegas is fantastic !
vegas southwest is full of slot machine .
low cost and excellent service .
cattle call to your seats is fine .
i just love southwest !
always wonderful customer service and funny flight crew .
we really enjoy flying southwest .
flying into vegas is a cool experience .
most people are happy and taking a vacation .
just overall turned a negative into a positive !
i definitely learned my lesson .
thank you so much southwest .
inexpensive , and of course - bags fly free !
two free checked bags is a good thing .
the staff was excellent .
got ta " luv " southwest airlines .
friendly , funny employees .
southwest is a dependable and affordable airline .
thanks southwest - you're amazing - keep it up !
southwest was simply amazing !
they really made our vacation even more enjoyable .
keep up the good job southwest !
you have a customer for life !
great airline and awesome employees !
keep it up southwest airlines !
always a pleasure flying southwest airlines .
great way to fly .
customer service is amazing no matter where you go .
i am always excited to fly with them .
it's super bowl sunday so it's all good .
southwest airlines is my favorite airlines .
love love southwest airlines .
service is usually friendly and moves relatively quickly .
free pretzels , i tell you .
i salute you sir .
but the best thing is their flight attendants .
they are funny and awesome .
fly for work , love them all .
bless , southwest airlines .
one of the best airlines imho .
southwest , you have gained a customer for life !
for a regional private airport this place is great .
wow , very classy !
the lounge area was very comfortable .
super nice staff here !
cars are in great shape here as well .
great service and fast .
i really enjoy this avis location .
the staff here has always been helpful and friendly .
the facility it self is impressive .
so my stuff will soon be on the way !
best cut i have had in a long time .
daniel is an asset to super cuts .
she definitely knows her stuff .
see you next month !
have a great vacation !
impressed with how quick we got our rental car !
the service was friendly and quick .
great choice of cars here .
great service , great car .
customer service friendly and helpful .
i love to eat here !
this is a handy location with starbucks next door .
the bagel breakfast sandwiches are also very good .
fast service and pretty good bagels .
she makes you feel at home .
mom was pleased , as was i .
green chile bagel was terrific .
the counter staff was efficient and friendly .
great place for some morning coffee n food !
the staff is always friendly and fast .
the bagels are super fresh .
best bagels in town .
i just love it here .
the sandwiches are very good too !
is it the best bagel i've ever eaten ?
there has been a huge improvement .
im very happy with the improvement .
hope it stays this way .
my family loves it .
always great bagels and service .
great people and service .
they were all highly recommended and reputable .
joni is truly a professional .
i am so happy with the result .
she uses high quality color .
i will definitely be returning .
i'm very happy with my color and cut !
joni is the most amazing color specialist !
one sitting with joni and my hair looks gorgeous !
i have never had color this beautiful !
i will definitely continue to go back !
she is a pro with years of experience .
love it amd her .
after she was done , i loved it .
it's a nice helpful discount .
it's a really great concept .
best colorist in vegas !
the price is very reasonable as well .
i absolutely love , love my hair .
thank you , joni !
she is great with hair .
she gives great cuts and highlights !
i highly recommend her .
she is the best !
joni is the best .
i love your work joni and your style .
joni did a great job .
my new color is amazing yet still looks natural .
my cut is outstanding .
the colors came up perfect !
i'm very impressed with how joni cut my hair .
i loved her professionalism and customer service .
this is so worth it !
i will recommend to anyone .
and highly recommend them to others .
i love this place .
everyone is very helpful and friendly .
her costumer service is top notch .
i was very happy to hear this .
no joke , this is a great law firm .
i recommend larry to anyone who will listen .
you guys are awesome !
wow , you are amazing.
i will refer anyone i can to your office .
amazing staff and definitely worth the money .
great doing business with them .
i'm happy : ) i highly recommend this place .
thank you craig i really appreciate you .
thank you for your explanation .
they made the whole process easy and pain free .
i would highly recommend them to anyone !
i went once and had so much fun .
these guys are amazing .
efficient , friendly and responsive .
very happy with my experience here !
tanya was the best !
best service in town hands down !
she genuinely cares for her clients .
i will take all of my tickets here .
the whole process was super quick and easy !
i really recommend them to anyone .
thank you so much !
i highly recommend craig p kenny & associates .
wow , what a great experience !
best bang for your buck !
very juicy and tender , but not too salty .
the poke is fresh and the portions generous .
the food comes out relatively quick and it's tasty .
this place has good foods for very reasonable prices .
i would definitely come eat here again .
i've always enjoyed it whenever we went there .
i also enjoy their mac salad .
some really great , real food in a casino .
get anything , it's good , that 's it .
they also serve breakfast , lunch and dinner .
it was worth it to me .
very reasonable for " local " hawaiian food .
very good food for very cheap .
love their mac salad !
best place i ate in vegas .
we always leave this place very satisfied .
delicious authentic hawaiian food .
i love their cheeseburger .
it's like an old-fashioned homemade hamburger .
this spot never gets old .
good thing i did !
best ahi poke i've had since visiting hawaii .
it was all delicious .
great traditional hawaiian fare .
i will certainly return .
boy was it good !
much better than o.k .
the saimin was really good .
everything on the menu is delicious and affordable .
thanks for the load of food !
but oh so perfect a meal .
this place is awesome !
love this place and just the casual atmosphere !
i really love the garlic chicken here .
on of my favorite places to eat hawaiian food !
korean chicken is good !
great food , low-key atmosphere .
very good and very filling .
this is a must do .
large portions at reasonable prices and totally delicious !
the four stars is for the hamburger steak !
hawaiian food is always good here .
a lot of the locals come here .
food was good like usual !
definitely coming here again next time i'm in vegas .
definitely makes you feel at home .
their garlic chicken and fried saimin were delicious !
the staff were also very friendly .
their mac salad was good .
it was mostly sweet .
hits the spot everytime .
good ol hawaiian food , very homestyle .
this is my most favorite hawaiian restaurant .
the meats are all fresh everything is very good !
they have the best hawaiian food around .
still a decent serving size and was pretty filling .
i love this place !
and thankfully , i found this gem .
so worth the bucks and the wait in line .
well , surely this place is where they go .
great place for hungover the next day .
the portions are decent and the prices are fair .
spam , eggs , and rice was delish !
best hawaiian in town !
huge portions and good price .
delicious comfort food at a really great price .
not healthy , but a satisfying meal .
it was kinda fun to tell you the truth .
the food menu is simple and to the point .
portions are just right and taste great .
the rest is up to you .
yes , i do eat it all .
best loco moco i have ever had .
this place offers amazing and affordable food !
the food is really fresh and authentic !
quick service , excellent food and great prices !
i got my hawaiian fix , loved it !
best hawaiian food in las vegas !
the line was long , but moved quick .
the food was pretty good for the price .
fast service , very tasty food .
good place to stop when craving local food !
great food and pretty reasonable .
long lines but worth the wait .
must be that good , right ?
by far the best hawaiian food in town .
tripe stew is delicious .
has a very mom and pop type of feel .
mix plate is tasty .
pretty much everything hear is a winner .
saimin is very good .
- they got what you want !
comfort food at its best .
texture was executed perfectly .
i highly recommend the korean chicken !
they have awesome service and delicious food .
the best hawaiian food in town !
always great service , friendly owners and delicious food !
prices are so reasonable and portions are great !
i love love love this place !
always has great service and terrific prices too .
the prices are reasonable and service is ok .
best local hawaiian style food in vegas !
prices are great and service is always awesome !
a perfect way to start a day in lv .
i love the aloha bento !
i always eat here when i'm in vegas .
good hearty asian style breakfast , brunch , lunch .
long lines , but worth the wait .
delicious hawaiian food with massive portions for sharing .
a place for local food from hawaii .
this place is amazing !
they have a nice variety on the menu .
the food is always fresh and delicious .
friendly service , very decent portions and tasty food .
nice change of pace !
good food , great service with great prices .
simply the best in vegas for local food .
i also enjoy the mahi plate .
the staff is also always friendly !
this place is the real deal !
i love this place .
great food & awesome people .
everything was very tasty .
this place is phenomenal !
the prices are great and the portions huge !
great place for locals and tourists alike !
this place is awesome .
i love you yelp .
thanks for the experience and will come back soon .
i absolutely love this place .
the cheeseburger was so savory and juicy !
food was very good , like home style .
very good comfort food .
price was fair for good , wholesome hawaiian food .
friendly staff and awesome ono food .
the noodles are fresh and flown in from hawaii !
i loved this place .
the teriyaki burger was sooo good .
this place was really good .
i love the pancakes with coconut syrup .
its always soo yummy and good .
this asian girl is in heaven !
visa and master cards accepted .
so you know it must be good .
flavor is always great , people are always nice .
amazing food and everything on the menu is great !
the 9th island is a really fun place .
they all look and make me feel like family .
got the local plate for lunch .
perfectly portioned and utterly delicious .
good prices , friendly staff , and quick service .
give it a shot though .
this is the spot to go !
i had the salmon teriyaki and it was delicious !
super good hawaiian food !
quality was good and it was filling .
i got the teriyaki combo and it was perfect .
the food was amazing and the service was great .
good local food from hawaii .
a wonderful hidden gem aside from ross j 's .
best two hawaiian places in las vegas .
now really great food for what you pay .
i'm super picky with hawaiian food !
this place is a true hidden gem !
i also got the mac salad ( yum ! )
a true locals establishment .
love this place - such a gem .
the service and food is amazing .
the mac salad to the bread are delicious .
love the food , service is good .
beef teriyaki was good .
but it's worth it !
best hawaiian restaurant in las vegas period .
i love coming here the customer service is great .
this restaurant is my favorite .
a perfect home cooked meal inside a casino !
always a full meal for an inexpensive price .
they also have a great customer service !
they also now take credit card !
make your way downtown and play here !
easily two inches thick with the bone attached .
but it is all good .
man i love casinos like this !
definitely a must for the slot lovers .
valet was great and fast .
the casino 's pretty good .
definitely a must visit .
a classic , historic institution .
this place holds a special place in my heart .
good poker room downstairs .
i loved this place .
we had a really good time .
place is nice and staffs are very friendly .
nice place to visit .
fun , double check .
a tourist 's dream hotel !
i was very happy with my experience here .
look for candy , she was a hoot !
good place to gamble at .
the staff are genuinely friendly .
my bf likes to gamble here .
old school , very cool !
best casino in vegas , loved it .
ive won a good amount of money here .
bobby the bartender is absolutely amazing !
the dealers were horrible !
got the country fried steak , so super good .
it's convenient and most importantly , free !
great place for people watching , check .
fun experience and nice hotel/casino staff .
i love the place .
friendly staff and great food at the cafe .
it's my favorite casino in this city .
great drinks and a old school gambling atmosphere .
it is so classic and is probably real .
would highly recommend it .
small audience but was still way worth it !
great casino worth a million bucks .
fun old school style casino .
drink a very bright , even free .
lied 's is the perfect example .
it's fun and educational .
what a great treat to have in vegas !
our family really enjoyed ourselves here .
this place is great !
cool museum for kids to play and learn !
the kids loved it .
nice place to go for kids !
great place to take a kid .
this place is amazing !
i take my son here and he loves it !
the event staff have been absolutely wonderful !
however , i had an excellent stay !
we found our neighborhood vet !
dr. henderson is the best !
dr. henderson is the top notch veterinarian !
doctor henderson is amazing .
he is extremely knowledgable and is very straight forward .
he is a wonderful doctor who i deeply respect .
chicago joe 's fit the bill perfectly !
i had a unique experience here .
yep , this is a great little italian restaurant .
atmosphere is great and the price is right .
the food and service were exceptional .
they treat you like family here !
small , cozy , comfortable restaurant .
this place was fantastic !
this restaurant is great !
i love this place .
comforting , family food .
good sized portions and reasonable prices .
great italian food , good service and cute location .
this place is so tiny !
i definitely recommend this place !
it is positively to die for !
i really do love this place .
huge portions and just great taste .
but the food is pretty good and priced reasonably .
reasonable prices and attentive staff .
we had a nice time .
the eggplant parm was very good !
classic vegas style and delicious italian fare .
i enjoyed it alot .
great meal just off downtown .
really good food & great service !
ohhh , it is so delicious !
bread is very good and fresh .
best restaurant experience in years of visiting vegas .
all was quite good .
quaint small italian restaurant .
we loved the atmosphere and wait staff .
mom & dad also loved this place .
truely a vegas gem !
very cozy place with nice ambience .
this was a great experience .
excellent italian menu , especially for lunch .
by far my favorite italian restaurant in vegas .
super cute and cozy italian restaurant downtown .
my son loves their spaghetti and their chicken marsala .
good service , parking is in the back .
this restaurant is very unique .
my meal was amazing !
the service was great , too .
what a great little restaurant in downtown las vegas .
basic italian food done well .
tiny , funky little place .
i'm so happy i came !
i love this place .
best lasagna on the planet !
i love this place and what great service .
our server was extremely friendly and helpful .
the food was amazing !
honestly can't go wrong ordering anything off the menu .
best italian place ever .
absolutely will be going back .
i love the atmosphere here and the food !
i love this place !
wonderful atmosphere , great service and delicious food .
enjoyable dinner , reasonable prices with great food .
with authentic italian cooking .
we'll absolutely be back !
the atmosphere alone is worth coming .
chicago joes was delicious .
the service was great .
this was was beautiful on the inside and outside !
absolutely the best service and food !
its small quiet place .
definitely a must go to !
had a great meal !
i will make this a regular spot awesome guys !
this is my favorite restaurant in all las vegas !
their chicago style lobster !
that dish alone is worth the five stars !
amazing service and delicious italian food .
quaint environment and delicious , old-fashioned italian .
this place is nostalgic and delicious all in one !
a definite hidden vegas gem !
definitely service and mood inside this place are great .
i love this place !
this place is absolutely fantastic !
and the service there is great .
this place is las vegas 's best kept secret .
great service , wine , food , and ambience !
a wonderful mom and pop .
first , the food is delicious .
we will definitely return .
it's got a great vibe .
this is an awesome restaurant .
the waiters are very professional .
the food is fantastic and reasonably priced .
our favorite is the lasagna .
i mean this was amazing , love the atmosphere .
the portions are very generous highly recommend !
good food friendly wait people !
fantastic off the strip experience .
food is good and atmosphere is even better .
the waiters were prompt and upbeat .
i definitely want to come here more often .
easily a five star restaurant to me .
food was just as good as always .
one of las vegas best kept secrets .
service was great and the food was awesome .
this is a new vegas favorite for me .
whole family loved it .
the decor and ambiance was wonderful .
checked on us just the right amount of times .
hope to go back soon .
my favorite italian joint in vegas .
creamy garlic dressing is amazing .
lunch specials are perfectly priced .
the service was also fantastic .
this place is a great old fashioned barbershop .
they both treat you like you are family .
the best tamales on the planet .
these are the best tamales you will ever taste .
yes , their tamales are really good .
it's always great to eat like the locals .
i love this place .
you eat the tamales here .
this place has the best tamales outside of mexico !
the sauces are also fantastic .
large , juicy , and full of flavor .
the tamales were good of course !
and the menudo was great !
in the past the menudo here has been great .
every other dish ordered that day was good .
i always come here before heading to work .
i loved can i say i loved the tamales .
i loved every bite .
it was a little pricey but well worth it .
i was in a friendly place .
best tamales in town by far .
these tamales are amazing !
and every one is nice here .
service was great too !
good atmosphere and super food .
everyone left full and happy .
a family favorite years .
great authentic mexican food .
this place is still good eats !
i'd highly recommend this place again to any one .
service was great , servers were friendly and knowledgeable .
best mexican downtown las vegas !
rice and beans were great .
highly recommend this place !
i was pleasantly surprised .
go , the food was great !
the service was attentive and competent .
food is always consistently good .
i found myself here for my friends wedding reception .
i really appreciate when staff is friendly .
was the best mexican food i've had .
best tamales on earth hands down !
the service was amazing as well !
good design as we walked in .
everyone liked their food .
ohhhh and there 's free wifi !
pork tamales are also very good .
the tamales oh my gosh they were so delicious .
i would definitely hit this spot again .
this is my favorite mexican restaurant in town .
the staff is very attentive and quick .
they give you free chips and salsa .
my family & i fully enjoyed this place .
the food was great !
the best mexican food in vegas !
wonderful service both times !
food is pretty tasty too .
good guac , good salsa , and good enchiladas !
we will definitely be back !
the food was good with great favor .
george our waiter was best !
will recommend it to everyone i see !
great prices and huge plates of great food .
our first time here and we will be back !
chips and salsa are excellent as well .
great service and wonderful food .
i had the shrimp soup and it was excellent .
excellent food amazing service .
will definitely come back .
keep up the great work .
i love this place !
an icon on the las vegas landscape .
my favorite happy hour stop .
their chips and salsa are great .
the service was great too .
the places on the strip suck !
love the food and the service .
two for one shrimp cocktail is always fresh .
staff is great and !
best guac i have had in las vegas !
the food is delicious .
; sometimes the best places are !
this is one of those best kept secret places .
go here for lunch ; you'll be back !
the atmosphere is great and the food superior .
absolutely love this mexican restaurant .
i love the enchilada 's with red sauce .
it's just a big bowl o ' love .
it's better than sex .
it's even better than good sex .
the best authentic mexican food in las vegas .
that 's worth an extra star right there !
this place is awesome !
he loved it as much as i do .
the food is simple , clean and perfect !
it is the perfect hole-in-the-wall restaurant .
theresa is the timeless hostess .
i'll definitely be returning .
a frequent spot for lunch .
this is a fun alternative to ricardo 's .
thanks for the memories !
maybe you can come by and make a toy !
sparkling new and charming .
but really , the food !
they also make personalized chips as well .
it is also very quiet and nobody bothers you .
the staff there is very friendly and helpful .
staff was very helpful and nice .
staff are extremely helpful , more than before .
best little sandwich spot downtown !
the church is nice and it is located downtown .
make this welcoming church part of your vacation .
the tech was nice and did a good job .
gary was a really nice guy !
so far so good .
ricky , you are adorable .
this place was great for us .
i do recommend the shrimp cocktail .
but we always eat in the diner .
how can you have fun at this place ?
it's the kind of place that has character .
i love what they did with the place .
this is the place to have fun in vegas .
a real gem in the sleazy downtown of lv .
it's clean and cozy .
also the shrimp cocktail was great .
inexpensive place with historic aura and unique view .
but this place i love !
it's historic and the staff is nice .
i just love the golden gate .
being right on fremont street really rocked !
what a wonderful piece of history !
there are some photos also of more modern interest .
very fun place to play blackjack .
nice cafe with great food .
i absolutely fucking loved this place .
it is the perfect anytime snack or meal .
gambling is more fun here than any spot downtown .
best shrimp cocktails and bar in town !
the housekeeping did a fantastic job during my stay .
drink service was pretty good too .
other than that , awesome place !
sometimes good things really do come in small packages !
this place is totally fun !
all in all a great place to let loose .
the cocktail servers are awesome .
its a great change of pace from the strip !
only stopped in for breakfast but really enjoyed it .
awesome room , nice decor , great price .
great service top to bottom in this place .
overall a great establishment .
great music energy and dealers .
probably the most fun bartender i've ever had .
service is good , prices are reasonable .
place is great for gaming .
good place for a good time .
still amazing shrimp cocktails !
this hotel really impressed me .
the dealers are fun and friendly .
the staff is very professional and nice .
is great for the price .
clean and comfortable , staff is friendly .
it's a older hotel but it's nice .
but it was fine for my boyfriend and i .
yes , but very comfortable .
i will definitely stay again .
this place is such a hidden gem .
love this place and will be back again .
great suite room with reasonable price !
the staff was friendly and professional .
it was the most comfortable bed .
i really like this place .
treat yourself to a great sub today !
fresh deli with great tasting sandwiches .
this place is legit !
at least my buddy will be happy !
great thrift store , always something interesting .
worth seeing at least once in your life .
excellent selection , beautiful pieces .
very nice and friendly staff .
the staff here are great !
these guys here are awesome !
very polite and hard working in the vegas heat !
this location is awesome !
would definitely recommend this store ; excellent service !
it was very clean and cozy .
perfect for the price , the room was clean .
fremont street is within walking distance which is great .
i am very pleased with their services .
i love this place .
plus i just love the atmosphere .
hot and served with ripe fresh fruit and salad .
thanks and hope to see you again .
really neat old church converted to a restaurant .
everything was fresh and hot .
they were both totally decent .
but it's really big .
this is a great animal shelter .
the staff is very friendly & helpful .
the cats were healthy and playful .
very clean & sanitary .
i am very impressed with this facility .
friendly and helpful staff .
clean and well kept spaces for the pets .
we found the perfect little girl for our family .
there are so many that deserve a good home .
the facility is large and kept very clean .
thanks for helping us find our little girl !
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
i take my dogs here to get their shots !
it's close to home and the prices are great !
thank you animal foundation !
we adopted the absolute best dog from animal foundation !
you can even get a tour of the place .
really cool and caring staff .
thanks for everything animal foundation .
they do the best they can .
both times we had great experiences .
they make it an easy and painless process .
so many animals who need a home !
thank you , thank you .
i got two wonderful kitten additions to my home .
it has the potential to be even better .
the dog runs are beautiful and were incredibly clean .
the dogs looked happy and well cared for .
the volunteers here are amazing .
highly recommend them to everyone !
full of energy & so friendly !
pleased with this animal clinic .
best of all , everyone was very pleasant !
was worth the drive from north vegas .
will make a trip back soon .
great tasting , good selection , and friendly service .
best donuts in the world !
lives up to high expectations !
best tasting maple bar you will ever taste !
good variety and decent service .
man these donuts are outstanding .
located right off the highway .
great place for a lazy sunday with the kids .
it's definitely worth a visit once a year .
and my daughter loved the ocean exhibit .
it was a hit !
come see for your self its fun !
even my husband and i really enjoyed it .
we went there on easter holiday .
this museum is amazing place to visit .
the most attractive are those stuffed wildlife animal .
the employees were all very polite as well .
definitely worth checking out !
great activities with safe items to touch !
great learning experience for all !
fun museum to visit with the family .
this place is great !
also a great learning experience .
very much worth the time , money and effort .
will be going back !
the staff is very friendly and nice .
the content is amazing .
go and experience it .
the is a las vegas treasure .
take you kids our go on a date .
great exhibits with or without the kids .
what a treat this place was !
something for the whole family !
we had a great time .
great place for toddlers !
surprisingly delightful place for the whole family to enjoy .
i was pleasantly surprised by this museum .
many things to see and touch .
we go again and again and its always fun .
great place to take the family .
lots of interesting exhibits .
great learning afternoon well spent !
we love this place !
staff was very friendly .
fun place to take my children .
a lot of great exhibits .
the photographer adrian was also great .
the coordinator marry ann was very nice and helpful !
i've always had fun at this downtown dive bar .
this place is a lot divey .
but that 's its charm .
i'll definitely be back .
this is the best place i used to go !
bartenders are really very good of here .
food is very nice of here .
i always feel relax coming here .
your experience will vary !
food is pretty damn good and average in price .
as a musician , i really enjoy playing here .
had fun hang outside in the new set up .
everyone is very friendly .
good food outside , good music inside .
ryan our waiter was a great attentive waiter !
a joy of a concert venue .
the outdoor space is a joy for groups .
the clientele was young , cool and friendly .
if anyone has any answers , please reply .
fast and friendly bartenders .
the food is great !
i'll definitely be back !
the place is super rad .
they have great live music .
( seriously , their food is impressive . )
he's pretty much the best !
i've seen great artists play intimate shows here .
check out their events calendar !
awesome local bar in downtown las vegas .
the venue itself is amazing .
everything came out fast and perfect .
perfect with their bloody mary .
the area around it is very clean .
i really loved it .
their food is delicious !
the food is amazing and service is great .
i love their ceviche .
the salsa was incredible .
staff is very nice !
i highly recommend them .
best bail bonds company there is .
knowledgeable , straightforward , compassionate .
great choice for bail bonds !
best bail bonds company there is .
knowledgeable , straightforward , compassionate .
i highly recommend using express .
they are awesome and will get you out fast .
great bail bond company in las vegas .
best bail bonds company in the world .
great bail bond company .
i would recommend them to anyone .
thank you express bail .
thank you express for saving my best friends wedding !
these guys helped my family and i big time .
if you need help , these are your guys !
thanks express bail bonds .
great little barber shop , great haircut .
love , love , love it .
my boy chad always insisted upon it .
the best bar in downtown las vegas by far .
i'll definitely be back .
people : the bar staff and ownership are great .
the crowd is always a mix of cool people .
thank you for bringing back a classic .
most importantly , the staff is genuinely nice .
staff was friendly and the customers a nice crowd .
i'd definitely return with friends and family .
this bar is great !
unique friendly divey vibe .
i'd recommend dropping in and giving it a try .
locals , locals and more locals !
awesome place , especially when tori is working .
very cool crowd and atmosphere .
it is a bar that just feels right .
more fun than you can shake a stick at .
but other than that this bar is really cool .
signature cocktails are also tasty .
it's a good thing !
gracious , fun and unpretentious ( for downtown ) .
rose and tori are both engaging and fun .
the atmosphere was a blast !
will definitely be going back !
non strip prices and a great variety of characters .
the cocktails are made with love and attention .
huge amount of beers on tap to choose from !
definitely will be frequenting this place from here forward .
best bar downtown for beer , hands down .
rose and tori are always a delight .
fantastic outdoor area and very spacious .
great selection of beer .
i like the staff and the bathrooms are clean .
thoughtfully made cocktails and craft beers .
great music , cool events wonderful bartenders !
for a dive bar , its a hit .
ground central for life is beautiful festival .
bonus for the ladies : clean bathrooms !
seriously you must go here if in vegas !
it's a short walk from fremont but worth it .
best bar in vegas .
tori is the best .
worth it if you are n't too cautious though .
whats unique about this joint is the history .
loved tori and robin !
they are the best ever .
i work downtown and i love my job .
i enjoy drinks after work at this bar .
friendly bartenders , friendly crowd , nice outside patio .
we'll definitely be coming back in the future .
fun place , friendly bartenders , good crowd .
friendly bartenders and nice outdoor patio for people watching .
visit andy for good times and insight on beers !
one of my favorite downtown bars !
see you on thursdays , cheers !
best bar in vegas !
what a great place !
one of my favorite stops ever in vegas .
my favorite bar in all of las vegas .
the staff is incredibly awesome and very knowledgeable .
one of my favorites in vegas , no question .
this place is great .
the atmosphere is energetic and welcoming .
a must-see for locals and tourists alike .
great bar , amazing bartenders , and great drinks .
what a great bar .
it's a vegas must do !
old vegas bar on the edge of fremont street .
i have a new home away from home .
friendly and fast bartenders .
good options on tap .
we enjoyed a few of their craft cocktails .
this place is cool .
the bartender was super cool and knowledgable .
good vibe , friendly bartenders .
atomic liquor is great .
drinks were reasonably priced and delicious !
my kind of place !
the original owners sound like a sweet couple . )
free parking and a historic authentic setting .
the craft beer selection is top notch .
some of my art is on the walls .
perfect dive with a great story .
this is definitely a hipster spot which is cool .
good spot to do some serious drinking .
i am happy with my choice .
there is a lot of history with this place .
this place is amazing !
super solid locals only dive spot .
service was great , folks loved the drinks .
feels like a vegas classic and a must visit .
definitely a hipster joint .
the bartenders at this bar make the atmosphere amazing !
they're all so sweet and helpful .
my favorite place to hang out in vegas !
this is a cool bar with an outdoor patio .
great bar to end the night on .
lee is a fantastic bartender and an incredible conversationalist .
i love myself a vegas deal !
i will definitely go here again .
-- a small hotel offering the cheapest prices .
relatively rough neighborhood , but that is life .
the food in the cafe is good .
major fan of this place .
staff has always been very friendly and helpful .
it was one block from fremont ( perfect ! )
all in all , we were very happy .
and that is a very good thing .
i was happily surprised .
clean , cheap , nicely furnished .
great price for what you get .
the people and customer service are awesome !
will definitely come back .
will definitely go back .
i stayed here twice .
i love the changes they have made .
great in a pinch !
he was knowledgeable and very kind .
had a very pleasant experience .
thanks for helping with my trip !
i have to say this is pure genius !
awesome , thanks eva !
i love this place .
the cal is a hidden treasure .
the food here is also great !
by far the best place downtown .
this is a cool place .
food is pretty good .
very soothing and warm .
it has great rates .
the staff is friendly .
definitely known for it's oxtail soup in the cafe .
the california hotel is a great place to stay .
rooms are clean and well maintained .
da prime rib stay okay .
it was a perfect place to be .
definitely a must see when in vegas .
great old school vegas vibe .
the best place for hawaii locals .
this place is full of asians from hawaii .
the saimin is good too .
i love staying @ the cal !
service was great all around .
room are nice and they have great food !
this place was nice .
what a great place !
but hey it's vegas baby !
front desk staff and valet team members are nice .
craps , craps craps !
my favorite place to stay downtown .
won ton saimin rocks .
note : attention all yelpers !
overall a great little hotel .
their breakfast buffet was small , but perfect !
this is our second time staying here .
the rooms and nice and modern an clean .
the casino is great .
nice , chill atmosphere and generous penny slot machines !
reasonable price , two blocks from fremont st .
what a fun casino !
all in all , this was a great experience .
great place to me locals and even hawaiian tourist !
comfortable enough to cruise around by myself !
food is reasonable & tasty !
i enjoy coming here !
good food , not the best but good .
rooms are nice and clean .
always have clean rooms here and friendly staff .
come here if you want a relaxed mature crowd .
so clean , so close to interesting places .
the view was nice .
i definitely come back to this place .
i love the cal .
the people are friendly and lots of locals there .
the staff is awesome .
pam is fun and very personable .
it's like my home away from home .
the hospitality is amazing !
you feel like family every time you go in .
table game staff has a wonderful attitude .
and i always have a good time playing here .
good value for your dollar .
good service , fair price .
these guys are the best in town !
the quality and craftsmanship is superior .
some of the best service i have ever had !
called , got a quote & it wasn't .
great place simple fair prices straight forward .
very friendly and knowledge staff !
a+ service and quality .
nice to find a shop that does stuff right .
recommend them to everyone .
the best service and quite honestly the best staff .
highly recommend this shop !
family owned business and they are very knowledgeable .
great service , honest , and priced right .
this place is the real deal .
they get things done for a very good price !
also the recent re model looks great guys !
it's simple and good .
love love love this place !
the best pizza joint i've ever been .
the cheese is great .
small location , but amazing pizza !
the edges were also nice and crispy .
great customer service , fast , accurate and friendly .
lightning quick service and delicious food !
it is legit new york .
the kids and adults all loved it .
but the pizza and price is top notch .
best food deal in all of downtown .
my family loved it .
i definitely recommend it !
well done , guys .
perfect late night food !
love the wings and fries !
great hole in the wall .
but the garlic bread was good .
will definitely be back !
the pizza here was amazing !
i love this place !
this place is a trip .
but honestly , they make a damn good pie .
uncle joe thank you for the good food !
filling fresh ingredients in the salads .
i'll keep you posted .
i surprisingly enjoyed this place .
the staff was amazing .
i love this place !
best pizza in las vegas .
pizza is delicious , thin crispy crust .
uncle joe is actually working behind the counter .
how sweet was that !
the pizza is also a great price !
nice hole in the wall pizza spot downtown !
brought straight to your table from the oven !
small place but very clean with nice clean restrooms .
this place has a heck of a philly !
they truly pack the philly !
it was the best food downtown !
overall a pretty cool place !
omg coffee , donuts and roulette !
will most def go back .
coming here is always like coming home .
and the pay off for their slots is excellent .
the breakfast was equally as good as well .
highly recommend the crab legs !
small , clean , updated rooms .
dice is now by far my favorite casino game .
yet another classic piece of las vegas old school .
room is very nice , clean .
let us have downtown !
i actually really like it here .
the buffet here is good as well .
we will for sure stay here again !
i was in heaven !
i really still like it here .
i will be coming back here in the future !
what more can you expect .
we just loved it , loved it .
very inexpensive and a lot of luxury .
it's in the heart of downtown las vegas .
i've had good luck there .
just got back from vegas again !
the casino at the fremont is the best .
it was okay for the price .
overall - an okay experience .
my favorite spot by far .
we also got married in vegas two years ago .
the hotel is clean and a nice size .
must of the food was average to good .
entire family thought it was great .
they still have a good selection of games .
come here instead very well priced and good food .
will definately come back .
the prices are great and the service is awesome .
the customer service is always great !
fantastic food , great service at a great price .
well done , i cant wait to go back !
i also recommend the flautas .
super friendly and intimate .
decent prices for delicious food .
clean , good service , reasonable price .
sketchy neighborhood but this place is a silver lining .
excellent food , excellent service .
the staff is polite and friendly .
i always leave a with a smile !
the building is always clean and well maintained .
the overall experience is what makes this place !
it is easily the most romantic place in vegas .
this place is amazing .
this restaurant is in a class of it's own .
the cocktails were fantastic .
best meal in vegas .
best meal in vegas i've ever had !
free rose to all the ladies ( bonus ! )
and some delicious desserts , to boot !
i love this place !
the food is amazing !
the tableside salad is amazing .
any dish is guaranteed to be good .
it's very dark and romantic .
my favorite entree was the beef wellington .
i remember the service being really great , top-notch .
the food was delicious .
the courses was a nice treat .
and the preparation is excellent all around .
every lady deserves a rose .
and that 's what hugo 's gives you .
the entrees are huge and very good .
somewhat pricey but well worth the visit .
the experience was wonderful and we'll definitely return .
maybe the best ever !
good night out for a group .
steak is still good .
service was great , food was awesome .
best sea bass i've had .
the service is absolutely the best in town .
wonderful treat when in vegas !
the rose is a nice touch .
one of the best steakhouses !
it's pricey but its definitely worth it !
a wonderful romantic dinner place .
good wine list & great cocktails !
absolutely loved this experience .
martinis were huge and strong .
service was ridiculously good .
i would still go back everything was excellent !
pricey but worth it .
amazing food , service and atmosphere !
it is the perfect spot for a little romance !
we will without a doubt return here next trip !
what a delight this place was !
the service is good , the staff is friendly .
make reservations , take your girlfriend or wife here !
the rose for my lady was a nice touch !
i just love it there .
the food is always amazing .
the food is spendy but so worth it !
you will love it !
hugo 's cellar was a wonderful treat !
the decor was classic old-school and we loved it !
very good steakhouse , borderline excellent .
the food is great , as is the service .
everything about hugo 's is wonderful .
we loved the atmosphere , so old vegas !
this a very nice restaurant in downtown .
it feels very intimate and dinner was delicious .
that tells you a lot about a place .
form the moment you walk in it's magic .
love the roses and chocolates .
it is the best deal in vegas !
just thought it was funny after my initial review .
still very good though !
great ambiance , wonderful waitstaff and great food .
we loved the vintage decor .
hugo 's is just top notch .
the aged meat was fantastic !
great food , great service .
this place is old school and still good .
decent place to talk and have conversation .
good wine list with plenty to pick from .
worthy after all these years .
the service was amazing .
the steaks were the highest quality and perfectly cooked .
totally worth the money !
most amazing service ever .
food is even better then the service .
and making my salad at my table is awesome .
great food with a cool old vegas atmosphere .
this is a must go place !
the staff were attentive , helpful and engaging .
amazing night and dinner !
wonderful food romantic wonderful atmosphere .
will come back again !
great ambience if u like old las vegas .
excellent service and great half bottles of wine .
i call it our hidden gem !
the service is outstanding .
old school and fantastic .
top notch service and even better food .
great atmosphere to enjoy a delightful steak dinner .
great old las vegas style place .
staff and service was excellent .
food was simply amazing .
it will be a great experience .
the food was outstanding .
both were cooked correctly and tasted wonderful .
other than , it was a great experience .
we love , love , love it !
bartender , dean , was excellent .
service was top notch , food was great .
especially liked the table side salad prep .
love the old vegas vibe .
escargot is our favorite appetizer .
a+ service and a+ food .
outstanding service and savory dishes cooked to perfection .
the atmosphere is lovely .
this place was fantastic .
the decor was cute as well .
truly a wonderful dining experience !
" hugo 's cellar is awesome ! "
hugo 's cellar is a must !
service was excellent all around .
service was outstanding food quality and quantity fantastic .
great place where you expect to be treated well .
their prices are right in line with fremont st .
when in vegas definitely visit this place .
awesome atmosphere , great service , delicious meal .
the food was excellent .
you will be stoked !
the service , food and wine were excellent .
another wonderful throwback dinner .
its so intimate and romantic .
the wine guy is amazing with pairing .
the service is amazing .
we had the filet and it was cooked perfectly .
our servers were fantastic !
excellent service and food was delicious .
all cooked to perfection .
we will definitely bring family and friends back again .
our next trip to vegas will include hugo 's !
this was the best dinner i have ever had .
sea bass was average and the steak was decent .
the restaurant had a nice , romantic vibe .
the service was exceptional .
the custom salad course was amazing .
the steak was cooked perfectly .
the raspberry lemon martini was a delight .
come and enjoy this delicious meal .
however they make a great beef wellington as well .
fantastic dining experience that is well worth the price .
great service with delicious items and nice atmosphere .
one of my favorites in sin city !
the food and service is amazing , top notch .
everything on the menu is perfect .
their set course meal is the most reasonable .
i do recommend getting their banana foster .
excellent food in a cozy surrounding .
prices are very reasonable for the quality and service .
best martini 's anywhere .
absolutely incredible gem hidden in the four queens casino .
dean is my favorite bartender in las vegas .
i loved the salad , made to order .
highly recommend that spot .
this is my favorite steak house in vegas .
the filet mignon is so tender and flavorful .
the meal was perfect , as was the service .
i'd go back , great steak !
steak was well prepared and decently priced .
we had a wonderful dinner at hugo 's .
thank you for the red roses !
could you find more innovative food in town ?
one of the best gems of las vegas .
wine selections is great .
the ambiance and the romantic atmosphere was wonderful !
the food was exquisite and the service was impeccable .
this place is a dining experience .
the food is amazing and cooked exactly as asked .
awesome food and awesome service !
love the old school feel that the restaurant gives .
we will definitely be back .
she will be impressed .
what a class act of a restaurant .
the food is outstanding .
the atmosphere was very warm and cozy .
never had anything but and exceptional time here .
the food was just amazing .
our server jean was also amazing .
the food was amazing the service was perfect .
i had the beef wellington was very very good .
the wine guy was very intelligent and very helpful .
always a special treat .
staff was very friendly , attentive and enjoyable .
a touch of old vegas .
the spinach artichoke dip appetizer is wonderful !
i had the filet , it was cooked perfectly .
food & service are both amazing here !
i was very impressed .
def a good experience here !
my wife and i love this place .
the food is excellent as is the service .
the ny strip is just delicious .
the level of service was spectacular .
the rose for the ladies was a nice touch .
the salad is as good as everyone says !
great atmosphere , service , and food !
advanced reservations is definitely recommended .
but it's all included with your meal .
the service and ambiance is classic .
the ambience is great .
all the staff are courteous and professional .
the food is amazing !
what a nice place to dine !
the food , the server is so good !
the duck is a must !
i love hugo 's !
one of the best steakhouses i've ever been !
i will definitely come back again !
the salad made at the table was very good .
the service is impeccable and the food is great .
the food was marvelous , the service extraordinary .
great food & service !
exceptional food , service , and very reasonable prices .
and the chocolate dipped fruit is a real treat .
we really enjoyed our evening .
the table side salad was superb .
so pleased with this place
i highly recommend hugo 's .
keep it classy and elegant .
wait staff very friendly and not stuffy .
love love love the salad .
the service and food was perfect !
will definitely be back .
the service is excellent and the food is great !
okay , great steaks abound in vegas .
wonderful , elegant dining location .
it is always a treat to dine there !
lobster bisque was incredible .
the prime rib literally melted in my mouth .
the service was outstanding !
both the service and food were extraordinary .
plenty of food for the price .
best to make reservations .
do not skip the salad , it is delicious .
our food came and the steak was perfectly cooked .
the king crab legs were soo good .
great old school vegas feel , amazing service .
highly recommend for a romantic night out in vegas .
yes , the food is that good .
the tableside salad is spectacular .
we had a great dining experience .
tho hugo 's chicken is fantastic .
hugo 's cellar is awesome .
this place was a hidden gem for fremont street .
food was very tasty .
recommended for everyone without kids !
the service was good .
the ambience is lovely .
the beef wellington was delicious .
amazing food , amazing service !
price was on par for most good steak houses .
one of my favorite steakhouses in las vegas !
the steaks and appetizers are very good .
we went here on a friends recommendation .
what a delightful restaurant !
make sure you go hungry and make reservations .
excellent raspberry lemon drop martini too .
a great night to experience vegas off the strip .
quiet , romantic , quaint and classy .
he will make your experience memorable !
a great value for the price .
the ambiance and meal were impeccable !
great atmosphere , great service , great food .
the best dining experience we have ever had .
fantastic food and menu options .
staff is courteous and attentive .
old style vegas at its finest .
classy , elegant , and incredibly good food !
this was a bit of a surprise .
the service was absolutely excellent .
all in all it was a great dinner .
the food was absolutely outstanding .
the staff is always friendly and very accommodating .
this is the perfect old school vegas dinner spot !
loved it all the way around .
the food was cooked perfectly .
service and food quality are unparalleled .
the service was impeccable !
this place is awesome !
one of the best restaurants that we've visited .
the perfect place for a date or special occasion .
prepare to be impressed .
loved everything about this place .
the table side salad is awesome .
the prime rib was delicious .
the table service was good .
the after dinner chocolate tray was good .
the service was nice and the staff was friendly .
one of my favorite places in downtown vegas .
their cafe in this hotel is fantastic .
the hotel itself is bright and lively .
this hotel is fine for the price .
we stayed here a few years back .
we were very impressed with this hotel .
the staff were always kind to us .
yes he got a good tip .
i loved this location !
bright lights , casino right down stairs !
( and good rates on the web too ! )
the prime rib was delicious and perfectly cooked .
so we were happy .
i did pretty well for the most part .
clean , good tables , friendly staff .
i will certainly be back here .
the spicy chicken sandwich was really good .
i enjoyed the gumbo too .
i will be back !
thanks for making it a lovely visit .
good destination in downtown .
plenty of entertainment and people watching to be had .
we loved old vegas !
see other review for more detail .
they have the best machines in vegas .
order the rib dinner , it's amazing .
first there was the great bell service from chris .
great service from everyone there .
we will be back again for sure !
cocktail waitresses are also frequent and attentive .
fremont street is the best !
free parking with rewards card .
they have the best machines in vegas .
order the rib dinner , it's amazing .
i was very impressed with the room .
it was clean and comfortable .
great value for a room downtown .
staff here was very friendly and attentive .
our room was clean and the a/c worked great .
water pressure was great as well .
still a great old place to visit .
the staff here handled everything in a perfect way .
this casino was great !
this was the best gambling experience i've had !
but the rooms are clean and comfy .
the casino was fun .
stayed over the weekend , had a great time !
love the buffet , love the people .
had a great time at the four queens .
the staff is very friendly .
we stayed here for a couple nights .
imo we had a neat view .
quick and tasty drinks .
had a great time here .
the price is great !
till we meet again my love !
really a decent place considering the prices .
great location downtown las vegas .
i found howie 's auto service .
these guys are awesome , honest and decent .
i recommend them highly .
i was very happy with their service .
the owner was kind enough to drive me home .
they took great care of me and my dog .
it was a great experience .
howie 's is awesome !
fair prices and good service .
howie 's was very fair and honest .
howie 's is great !
thank you howie 's !
car runs perfectly i am so very happy .
they have great and efficient services .
they're customer service is great as well .
they are honest and very nice people .
i highly recommend this place .
keep up the good work !
i highly recommend this place !
thanks for having us !
this is a true dive bar .
absolutely a diamond in the rough !
now that was cool .
decent food prices and fun gambling .
and i loved it !
( okay , so i find that funny . )
this place is a classic .
this a great place to learn to gamble too !
one of my favs !
comfortable bed and pillow .
he was very nice .
i've always had fun here .
everyone is so personable and it's really low-key .
i loved their art deco style .
their employees are really nice and helpful .
the front desk was super nice .
best roulette in town .
the staff actually looked happy !
well , well , well.
cocktail service was often and prompt .
it's always an interesting time here .
rooms are nice and rates are reasonable .
nice view of the strip .
everyone that works there is kind and helpful !
i recommend this joint .
imho , the best place to stay downtown .
place has a lot of history .
will definitely be back each time in vegas .
definitely a favorite place to gamble .
very bright and restored little casino .
fantastic stay , great restuarant , and cocktail .
i love this hotel .
seriously , treat yourself with one .
very comfortable and clean room .
the room : well decorated and comfortable .
the rate for the room was incredible !
thumbs up to both .
i love this place !
we always stay downtown and we love this casino .
this is my new favorite las vegas gambling spot !
everything else was great .
the staff was also very nice .
even though it's old , slots are great .
this is the best hotel downtown to gamble blackjack .
odds are great and the dealers are friendly .
this casino is great .
this place is a classic !
rooms in the tower are really pretty .
great place to gamble .
i won all my money back the last night .
great service and good value for your money .
it is right on fremont street .
eat , drink , and gamble .
i will definitely come back and stay .
the staff is friendly and always helpful .
i enjoyed my visit at el cortez .
great hipster vibe in the neighborhood along e. fremont .
everyone was really nice and the service was great .
very pleasant hotel with character , nostalgic feelings !
i enjoyed myself greatly staying here .
martin in the lobby bar is the best bartender .
amazing bloody mary 's and incredible service !
old vegas is good vegas .
we took a chance and was very satisfied .
will be back in december with my entire family !
best deal in town .
cabana suites are really nice .
restaurants are delicious and extremely inexpensive .
i loved the style and the look .
it's a blast from the past .
i win everyone i come thru the doors .
just a great laid back atmosphere .
it was a great first impression .
i usually enjoy my stay here .
the cabana suites are very comfortable and quiet .
the staff is helpful and friendly .
service was pretty good too .
well , at least until they kicked us out .
very fresh tasty and plentiful .
our waitress was extremely cool and nice .
so yay for her !
my friend really liked the half bbq chicken .
it was tender and moist .
we pretty much cleaned up our plates .
dang their ribs were great .
i was pleasantly surprised !
this meal was a good value .
this place is great .
i eat here all the time .
the desert was the perfect ending .
the drinks are strong !
which is always a plus !
had a nice dinner .
we will definitely go back again !
steak was tender and the lobster was really good .
we love coming here to eat !
especially for steak and lobster !
we enjoyed it all !
our server was nice and sweet too .
great bang for the buck .
this is my favorite steak house in las vegas .
both entrees were very fresh and very well seasoned .
the food here is amazing and reasonably priced too !
i highly recommend it .
this place was incredible !
everything was very good .
this place is fine dining at its best .
we were both very happy with our meal .
tony and jesus are also excellent servers .
excellent atmosphere and service !
i will go back again !
really loved the service !
it lived up to my expectations !
excellent food , service , and atmosphere !
it was so sweet and moist .
no messy fingers to eat these delicious crab .
this place was a great find .
brian was so attentive and friendly .
the hostess and servers were also very friendly .
also the dining room is beautiful with dark wood .
the staff is wonderful , so accommodating !
deliciously fun time at the second street grill .
i'll happily come back for these .
customer service was excellent .
we were impressed at how perfect everything came out .
great service in an old school steak house setting .
amazing , amazing and amazing !
the staff was very friendly .
this is a hidden gem .
great service and food for a good price .
kind of hidden but worth finding it .
most amazing food and service .
i loved this place .
the service was perfect .
tony my server was excellent .
well i had the jumbo jack with curly fries .
it's all good food .
good , not great .
i'm pleased and will consider coming here again .
would recommend to anyone .
just thought i'd let you all know .
awesome place to eat !
our server was very friendly .
it's a nice set-up and the food is delicious .
it's a great place to meet as a group .
yes the food is great and reasonably priced .
the desserts were superb .
i actually liked that it's smaller .
drop by the nugget and give it a try !
a real " gold mine " .
ok - i have a new favorite downtown !
and the breakfast was incredible .
best of the old school casinos .
it's the best bang for your buck .
the water slide through the shark pool is awesome .
nice rooms , modern premises , and on fremont !
the price is just right too .
the end result was wonderful .
i had a really great night .
amazing for the price .
great location in downtown .
as good as it gets in vegas imho .
atmosphere is nice with a great pool area .
my mom would enjoy it immensely .
however , their pool is spectacular .
especially with the new rush tower .
the nugget is gorgeous !
it made my vacation perfect .
i my favorite hotel and casino in las vegas .
we were very pleased .
comfortable , clean rooms .
will definitely be back .
best place to stay in vegas .
perfect location on freemont street .
the slide is the best .
the service within the hotel is great .
the selection is good , but not outstanding .
the pool was crowded but amazing so relaxing .
it has come a long way for sure !
the rooms are all fresh and modern .
its a very family friendly hotel .
it is so clean .
the casino was great too .
definitely one of my favorite hotel in vegas .
will stay here again .
this one takes the cake .
i stayed here while attending a family reunion .
i booked the room with ease !
the staff was really nice too .
the rooms are nice .
the pool is the best !
golden nugget have a beautiful salon and spa .
clean and good service .
this is classic vegas baby !
room was clean , staff friendly , casino decent .
best place to stay on fremont .
the decor is pretty nice .
the location is perfect on freemont street .
the water slide is neat .
very impressed with the room look .
very spacious and accessible .
great prices and friendly staff .
great room ( in the rush tower ! )
love the location and would definitely return !
rooms were comfortable , shower was amazing !
the rooms are clean and comfortable .
this is without a doubt my favorite hotel downtown .
very classy , yet affordable .
the rooms are great .
the hotel is fabulous and the pool is amazing .
we took craps lessons and really enjoyed that too .
love everything it had to offer .
comfortable bed , clean , very nice .
i love fremont street .
cons are its not on strip .
this is an overall good place .
what a beautiful hotel on the inside !
pretty amazing to see though .
the hotel is always clean and luxurious .
wow - what a gem on fremont !
the pool area was awesome and easy to access .
last bit of class in downtown .
great staff , clean rooms , great casino !
staff was very helpful and friendly .
the bed was amazingly comfortable too .
beautiful pool , amazing sensational look !
great place to be !
best place to stay downtown !
otherwise this is the greatest hotel in downtown !
it was clean and comfortable .
the pool area was fun and inviting .
freaking coolest spot in vegas .
love the rush tower .
great looking room and a great price .
bathroom , just beautiful .
i had a great time !
golden nugget exceeded our expectations .
the restaurants and bars are really great !
but it's a great spot and definitely worth visiting !
thanks for the wedding present !
wow , have things changed .
thank you golden nugget , i will be back !
much better than the strip !
the hotel lobby and casino felt classy and cool .
i love you golden nugget !
see you in april !
this has become our favorite staycation place .
we love this place .
the staff is wonderful !
this place is beautiful !
for downtown this was a great experience .
nice pool and water slide too .
the room was nice and comfortable .
a must for families with kids .
there is a solution .
oh yeah , the room was nice as well !
the staff was friendly , helpful upon check in .
the enviroment was nice and the pool was amazing .
it was very nice .
this place was pretty damn decent .
the pool is my favorite part .
it is a site to see for sure .
there margarita 's are amazing !
i love the golden nugget !
the pool is amazing .
the golden nugget hotel was a lot of fun .
we had a good time .
rooms were great and clean .
definitely the best place to stay in old vegas .
good times for sure .
great location for downtown and friendly staff .
downtown was a fun change from the strip .
i loved this place !
i loved the water slide .
the rooms are non-smoking , thank goodness .
this is great value for your $ $ $ !
great hotel , beautiful pool and shark tank .
great staff and tons to do onsite .
a must do again .
our room was a fairly good size .
the new rush tower rooms are so nice !
the hotel was a lovely venue for a conference .
i had a very nice stay .
as good as it gets downtown .
well done golden nugget !
best hotel in vegas !
they exist to make your visit more fun .
we had the best experience staying here .
very nice full service place .
very convenient to enjoy fremont st .
i have stayed here for years .
friendly staff and wonderful guest rooms .
i love fremont street .
this place is classy !
this is the best hotel in downtown for sure .
it's very luxurious and has a great layout .
best value and location for the money .
one of the best casino in las vegas !
rooms are huge and very clean .
and the rates they offer are usually outstanding .
the hotel was in great condition .
this is my favorite hotel on the strip !
everything else here is wonderful !
the hotel was in great condition .
the pool area is great , too .
very spacious & clean rooms !
great restaurants , bar , & buffet .
i really enjoyed the pool area .
love the old-school ambiance and feel .
this is the best hotel downtown .
housekeeping and the buffet were also excellent .
everyone was so fun and nice !
pool was beautiful , and drinks were so good !
will definitely go again !
what an awesome place !
rooms are spacious and beds are comfortable .
the staff was helpful and friendly .
loved the room soooooo much !
the shark tank was fun !
the service was great !
this was the perfect place on the fremont !
the rooms were nice and spacious and very clean .
great price and great value .
good rates , do recommend a stay here !
host jason very helpful !
another great stay at the nugget !
the pool is simply amazing !
the buffet is a+ as well .
one of the best hotels you will find downtown .
the golden nugget was a surprisingly good value .
my room was clean and tasteful .
the best deal in the downtown las vegas area !
the rooms are modern and clean .
i must say it was a pleasant experience .
restaurants and casino are great !
what a wonderful experience !
the room they provided was spectacular .
the rooms are clean and the dcor is nice .
the housekeeping staff is very good at their jobs .
the restaurants were very nice .
the rooms were lovely .
i was pleasantly pleased to find everything just fine there.
both check in & check out was very pleasant .
had a great weekend .
& will def go back.
old hotel but a great hotel .
service was great , the rooms were good .
the food here is good .
the place is pretty decent and clean .
i love this hotel .
the hotel was great .
the hotel looks refreshed and modern .
genuine and not forced smiles .
this place was very nice !
the atmosphere was very happy and friendly !
the standard rooms are nice .
i love this place !
staff is always super nice and helpful .
keep up the good work !
only recommendation is they keep it clean ( e.g .
my personal favorite hotel in las vegas !
the place was surprisingly nice !
the pool is amazing !
amazing hotel , amazing service , amazing food !
great hotel , awesome casino , fab room service !
will always love staying here !
best place to stay downtown .
love love love love love love !
i loved the golden nugget !
excellent hotel for the downtown experience .
other than that , i enjoyed my stay .
the pool was amazing !
just an overall great experience here .
the breakfast buffet was fantastic !
the hotel was renovated and absolutely beautiful !
pool is great & lots of restaurant choices .
we liked the rush bar best .
we had a great stay at golden nugget !
great pool , location , restaurant .
check in & ticket staff was very nice .
a good place to stay .
this is the best hotel in downtown las vegas .
a lot more for everything .
i will stay here again for sure .
rooms were clean and well kept .
pool was fun and tank was very entertaining .
casino was clean and had lots of tables open .
i will definitely stay here again .
it was and awesome stay .
i would highly recommend staying here .
front desk staff very helpful .
buffet was great as usual .
it overall was a great stay here .
the pool here is just amazing !
omg this place is fantastic .
great food in the new restaurants .
also the parking situation was great !
easy and very accessible .
a great place to stay and play !
they both have excellent food .
first time in vegas but loved this place !
the room was nice for a decent price .
i love the golden nugget .
i absolutely love the shark tank slide .
hotel rooms are nice and big !
anyway , a great value !
best hotel in downtown fremont street .
very nice place and good music !
perfect " diet " version of the strip .
my bf and i are big fremont st. fans .
i was pleasantly surprised with the room .
it was hot and very reasonably priced as well .
the valet is exceptional !
got a room here tonight and it is beautiful .
would stay here again in a heart beat .
it's a nice and always clean .
we love this hotel .
the buffet is the best in town .
the staff are always so friendly and accommodating .
will definitely stay there again .
i love staying at the golden nugget !
the rush tower is the best gorgeous large room .
semi dark ambiance making it amazingly relaxing !
great choice of food options and very friendly staff .
we only stayed one night but it was amazing .
this place was so awesome and beautiful .
everything was clean and looked amazing .
will definitely come back .
one of our nicest stays in down town .
also , the hotel is pet friendly !
a downtown must see .
the choice of tables and slots are nice .
the restaurants are also decent .
really surprisingly nice room .
i really enjoyed the stay .
the pool looked fun too !
must see : cool world 's largest nugget .
the staff is super friendly and helpful .
i recommend staying in the rush tower .
but overall , very good hotel .
our stay here was amazing !
good clean room for dirt cheap .
so moved from carson tower to gold tower .
restroom was also nice and clean .
all and all my stay here was good .
i'd highly recommend this place if your family oriented .
i will definitely stay there again .
i had the best time ever here .
i love how spacious and clean this place is .
the rooms are nice .
we love staying at the golden nugget !
the room was very good and staff was pleasant .
so i brought my own thanks for those tips .
suite was very clean and nicely appointed .
this place is top notch in my book .
amazing , amazing , amazing !
their buffet is delicious and reasonably priced !
loved that everything is close together .
fremont street is a whole new experience !
first of all , i love old vegas .
that 's why i love the nugget .
the rooms are large , nicely appointed and clean .
love the golden nugget .
the bed was very comfortable .
love the pool and the water slide .
a really nice hotel .
was quite surprised by it .
the pool is amazing with the huge fish tank .
will be back here for sure .
the rush club rooms are clean and well maintained .
this little strip was amazing .
the hotel was very fancy and clean .
i really enjoyed my time here !
i was real impressed when i stayed here .
check-in was quick for us and service was friendly .
hotels are nice and beds were clean .
very much enjoyed the shows .
i truly enjoyed my stay here .
the accommodations were excellent .
everything was very clean .
one of my favorite places in downtown vegas .
good option of restaurants to dine in .
really enjoyed my stay here over the summer .
reservations were easy to make here !
i thought this was a fine place to stay .
it had a more relaxed feel .
nice room , great hotel services , excellent restaurants .
and hotel is very economical .
the location is great if you want some party .
pool is the best part !
location is great as well .
love the clean bathroom .
the pool was great !
friendly service highly recommended .
i enjoyed the stay .
very clean nice casino .
best casino on fremont street .
this hotel & casino surpassed my expectations .
their rooms are spotless and super comfy !
thank you so much !
good location in downtown .
pool is the best feature .
lots of room , and very good service .
we are a super satisfied guest !
the place is amazing !
the suite was laid out and beautiful .
very roomy with ambient lighting .
the chart house restaurant is breathtaking !
and now i see why .
awesome dive bar and casino in one .
the drinks are strong !
the actual casino is pretty small .
well the slot machines .
i love this place .
you can put coins in them as well .
that is all and that makes me a fan .
i love this little dive !
it's a huge bonus that makes it fun .
get the extra shot !
i love this place .
the cocktail server is awesome !
they are super quick and attentive !
i always tip them well .
most fun on fremont !
worked like a charm .
great strong frozen drinks .
we had a few great evenings here !
it's a great hole-in-the-wall place right on fremont street .
great loud atmosphere to relax while passing through downtown .
the staff is super friendly .
it is my new favorite casino .
the bartender was very friendly .
( the happy part ) .
friendly cocktail waitress , great drinks .
real slots with coins , very satisfying .
keep it friendly and fun !
i recommend going to both !
best place on fremont !
staff is super friendly !
i love this little tucked away casino !
it's definitely worth it .
the drinks are amazing .
we still had fun .
this place is tight !
still love to watch the show !
really a awesome experience when in vegas !
packed inside but lots to see !
the staff is friendly .
the parking lot is big enough .
the place is full of pawn stars merchandise .
this place is cool and the owners are nice .
i enjoyed browsing this store with my family .
we really liked the staff .
they actually have some really interesting stuff .
it was a cool experience .
this place was very cool .
crowded with people but still awesome .
we found a ring that was really nice .
and this is what exactly what it is .
enjoyed my time here .
it was great experience for myself and the girls .
- cool stuff to see .
got them for a good deal .
will highly recommend this place to everyone .
i am a huge pawn stars fan !
it was definitely worth the visit .
the line out front moved quickly .
huge fan of the show .
this in itself was a bonus and a drawback .
such a cool site .
it was such a true treat and neat experience .
the line was long , but it moved fast .
and in that aspect it does it's purpose well .
the staff was super cool , and helpful .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
it was still cool to look through everything .
go check it out and buy something .
the greatest show on earth !
i love this pawn shop .
there was some cool stuff .
great time seeing the store .
it is a art museum with famous artist displayed .
the staff is quite friendly .
it was nice to see the place in person .
the stuff is interesting inside there .
i personally had a great experience .
every one i interacted with was nice and professional .
nice place to visit for free .
everyone was really nice .
i got a great t shirt !
he really made my trip special .
thanks so much anthony !
we will deff be back !
a fun little pit stop !
fun place and actually good deals !
once you're in , it's worth the wait .
lots of cool and interesting merchandise .
but still cool to take pictures outside .
nice people , free parking .
i recommend everyone to come here at least look .
my dad is a huge fan of these guys .
customer service was great .
these guys are great !
big selection of very nice jewelry .
the shop is really tiny .
the staff was cool .
lots of very great items in their .
the shop itself was petite but nice .
i loved looking at all the displays .
it's just a neat thing to see !
thanks for a great time .
cool place to visit .
just love this place !
the beef jerky , bagel chips are the best !
it has be hand carried back on the plane !
candy stuff i like are the chocolate mint ones .
the cinnamon bagel chips are incredible !
karen 's cookies and the bagel chips are excellent !
she was super friendly , honest and professional .
the food is excellent and classic steak house .
hands down this place is the best !
our new go to place .
there is definitely a wide range of inventory !
huge selection of costumes , shoes and extras !
so happy i found this place !
the staff is very knowledgeable and extra nice .
the prices are extremely fair .
definitely found my favorite shop in vegas !
super impressed by their customer service !
awesome product selection and great customer service !
thank you so much !
another awesome experience at this shop .
i found myself visiting star costume .
everyone was extremely pleasant .
always very good place for take out any evening .
always very good place for take out any evening .
love the pizza and wings !
highly recommend great prices great food great great great !
their ranch is fantastic they make it from scratch !
the quantity and quality for the price was great .
i love this spot .
recommend it to everyone over in the area .
excellent little asian market !
the owner is thee friendliest !
and i always eat it with beef jerky .
we also got their udon noodles there .
oh and we also grabbed some dessert to go .
very friendly and helpful .
always very delicious food .
the service is friendly and warm .
everything was delicious and very authentic !
the price is very reasonable .
it was sooooo spicy !
generous portions for the price .
these guys are exceptional !
well priced , too .
guys are always really helpful when ordering from work .
my favorite buffet in town , hands down .
it is very reasonably priced as well .
the dessert selections are also pretty good .
the waitresses are friendly and food is fresh .
best breakfast buffet i've ever had period .
yes this place is a steal .
the german chocolate cake was amazing !
will recommend to others !
great selection , great deal for you money !
good food , good service , good price .
sometimes the locals know best .
pretty big place that has great food !
people are very nice and food is hearty !
my husband and i liked this buffet .
the best buffet in downtown .
it's much cheaper than the buffets on the strip .
the price was cheap and the food excellent .
the service was good too .
our waiter was nice and very prompt .
visually this place is very nice .
this place is great .
great price , great food , great atmosphere .
the perfect place to eat while visiting downtown .
all you can eat everything .
i loved the salad bar nice and fresh .
best buffet i have ever eaten .
lots and lots of choices .
great for kids and large groups !
the food was pretty damn good .
bacon was superior to other buffets in the area .
the variety of foods is crazy along with desserts !
the place was clean & inviting .
my favorite new buffet in lv .
a bargain at the price .
this is the best deal in las vegas !
this is the best buffet in downtown las vegas .
great price and great food .
weekends can be packed .
the selection for all is actually really good .
all the food is freshly cooked in the morning .
worth the drive for the savings .
the dining area is clean and very open .
we were heading downtown for a weekend of fun .
the food was really good .
the atmosphere is gorgeous .
old school vegas at its best !
most of the food was pretty good !
best buffet in downtown vegas .
i loved the brisket !
what an amazing property !
is is classic and beautiful .
staff was helpful and friendly .
i was happy they had local favorites !
always consistent probably the best deal in downtown .
good buffet in downtown .
had excellent lunch buffet .
great value for the price .
breakfast was pretty good .
what a great find !
a very reasonable price good for the entire family .
well , next time .
the food was great with an outstanding selection .
food is good and lots to choose from .
good selection of " comfort foods " and deserts .
awesome breakfast good deals .
wow this was unexpected !
probably the best and affordable buffet in vegas !
one of my favorite places to eat downtown .
you'll find plenty to eat .
i'd recommend this place over the much pricier places .
i love their food selection and southern style taste .
tasty but not the most tender steak ever eaten .
this buffet at one time was really tasty .
great buffet , great staff , and great selection .
the food was great .
keep in mind this isnt a fine dining .
pretty good place for being near fremont street .
very good prices though & very nice decorations .
coming here once is worth it .
this one is much better .
probably the best breakfast buffet .
i loved their ham & pineapple .
the service was really good too .
this place is pretty cool .
the building itself is beautiful .
the pizza and fried chicken are really good !
chocolate cream pie was so good , too !
seafood fridays is also yummy !
nothing fancy but solid food .
great service and a good variety of choices .
the price is still fantastic .
the quality was great .
i really enjoyed this buffet .
had lunch here today was again pretty good .
loved the pork chops and sweet potato .
the salad bar was good too .
their food is also pretty tasty for a buffet .
great selection and food is tasty .
very clean inside and great service .
best buffet in vegas .
the restaurant was clean and brightly lit .
the choices were good .
overall i had a good meal .
very reasonable price for dinner .
great food and excellent service .
good food at a great price for a buffet .
the food was absolutely amazing .
thank you for the great experience .
we will definitely come again !
great place for the price .
the food is decent and keep it coming .
the desert selection is typical but good .
their food and customer service is great !
nice selection , especially brisket and awesome ribs .
we are definitely coming back !
i came here in march with my boyfriend .
will definitely be coming back !
good pours of champagne throughout .
this is my favorite buffet in all of vegas !
it's good for breakfast , lunch or dinner .
i love the hawaiian food choices too .
satisfied with the food .
great legal help for men !
highly recommend this place !
they give access to great legal advice and help .
best thing i ever did !
two parking lots full of classic neon signs .
well worth a side trip .
bring your camera and have at it !
a must see while in vegas !
it's a great spot !
i love this place .
that was super cool .
enjoy neon bone yard !
tour guide did a fine job .
great photo opportunities so don't forget your camera .
this tour is great .
i love art and places like this !
this place is a true gem in vegas !
what a great experience !
it's also interesting to see how the signs worked .
love it , love it , love it .
there are signs on top of signs .
this is a must see !
a must see for vegas fans .
tour guides are pleasant and knowledgeable .
this place is amazing .
the neon tradition is alive and well !
fresh air & vegas history !
book a tour at least one month in advance !
make sure you make a reservation !
the best " attraction " in vegas !
it's totally worth it !
it's not very big but it's visually fantastic .
it'd be best to call ahead !
super cool museum with vintage vegas memorabilia .
what an awesome time !
overall , cool experience with cool vintage signs .
it's nice to see all the old signs .
the tour guide was very informative .
this place was so cool .
i really enjoyed the neon museum .
very good informative tour !
excited for the night tours starting soon .
just wish it was more fun !
i really enjoyed the neon museum .
what an incredible experience .
this place is amazing at night .
the sign collection is a tour de force !
night tour was great !
it's all still very cool .
what a cool place .
it was great for lighting and pictures .
i recommend this tour .
this is a must see !
all in all worth seeing !
such a neat place .
it's right next to it .
this place is super cool !
i had a great time .
a must-see in vegas !
it's a photographer 's paradise !
such a cool attraction in las vegas .
i loved this place !
by far my favorite thing i experienced in vegas .
i would recommend to all .
i would be happy to go back here !
guy is an amazing tour guide !
took lots of pictures and had a fantastic time .
great place to check out !
what a fun tour !
the guides were engaged and informative .
this place was super cool .
this place is amazing !
you have to see this place .
i really loved that !
the restored signs are delightful .
my fianc and i took our engagement pictures here !
this place is a great tour .
well worth the visit !
had a great time there !
the staff was friendly and very knowledge .
but the guide is well worth it .
a must-see in vegas .
what a great treasure .
the staff and catering was top notch .
what an amazing place !
everyone was very nice and helpful .
on the day of our wedding , the staff.
especially ian , were great .
what an amazing museum .
great to visit even during the day .
i'm sure the day tour is just as fun ?
this is so cool !
there is great history here !
what a fun and historic place .
they also take private tour & wedding .
our tour guide was so knowledgable and friendly .
it's a must see -- especially during nice weather .
it is truly a jewel of the city .
such a cool place .
we took a daytime tour and i loved it .
gift shop is excellent .
a definitely vegas must-see .
this place is a must see when in vegas !
be sure to bring your cameras !
i really enjoyed the layout and selection of signs .
make sure you make reservations ahead of time .
still worth a visit .
i got the best of both worlds .
neat little piece of americana .
best tour in vegas .
such an interesting day .
definitely a worthwhile stop if you're in the area .
must see in vegas !
totally fantastic customer service .
we highly recommend it !
note - make reservations !
- neon signs which are true works of art .
what a great tour !
we loved the neon museum !
courtney was a pleasure to work with !
a must for vegas wedding photos !
we had a lot of fun .
i highly recommend you check it out .
went and had a great time .
a must do tour .
i loved it and highly recommend it .
we got married here , it was perfect !
photo ops -- amazing !
this is the best museum in las vegas .
a great history of old vegas .
the staff was fun and very informative .
our guide really knew her stuff .
took the night tour and was very pleased .
it was very very warm during the month .
a great way to end a memorable trip .
if you like history , this is a must-see !
you definitely have to see this place !
great discovery and worth exploring .
our tour guide ashley was amazing .
it was a great tour .
this place is very underrated .
we loved the neon museum .
our guide was incredibly knowledgable and entertaining .
this was really cool .
neat to see all the old signs .
well , a few were lit .
what a great educational tour !
our tour guides were awesome !
fun evening with great picture opportunities .
our tour guide was great !
i just love lv history , that 's all .
he was a pleasant as a sunny day .
day of the wedding everything was perfect !
thank you , thank you , thank you !
we enjoyed his enthusiasm and attitude throughout .
i really enjoyed this tour .
i did them both you will enjoy this .
this was a great experience .
an absolute must see !
a very cool tour at night .
it's really something to see them lit up .
overall the neon museum is really cool .
the signs were amazing !
it's like taking a step back in time .
a really fun spot to visit off the strip !
our tour guide sarah was really great and informative .
very informative and fun !
really knowledgeable tour guide .
this is definitely a must see !
this place was pretty cool .
" cigars , cigarettes ! "
so , so many cigars !
some pretty nice cigars in there !
decent selection , well stocked humidor and good prices .
but it is what it is .
service , service service .
this is my favorite smoke shop in town !
they are quality right out of the box .
definitely look for one before heading out .
thanks for being an amazing place !
please raise the monthly coupon amount .
by far the best shop in vegas !
the price is very reasonable and the place friendly .
everyone is friendly and the place is clean !
it's worth a visit .
i love love love this place !
the flavors are great too .
i highly recommend this store to anyone .
i love this place .
this place is the best .
it's all just so good !
the freshness and taste were of course amazing !
check out their link guys !
place was well organized and fairly priced .
great for the drive home .
i really liked the veggie chips .
it was tasty too .
my favorite are the " samurai balls " .
also there is a yelp !
check this place out .
very fun to browse !
helpful and friendly staff .
definitely check this place out .
this place is amazing .
great selection of snacks !
he and his wife are very nice and friendly .
great place to get snacks .
great selection , people , and price .
best hidden gem in vegas .
place is nicely organized and clean .
the staff is very friendly and prices are good .
best place to get your beef jerky .
i love this store .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
we always have a fun time finding new items .
a good selection of different types of jerky .
also a countless variety of beef jerky .
basically everything in here goes amazing with beer .
this place is awesome .
i've really enjoyed everything i got from the store .
you guys are amazing !
best beef jerky i've ever tasted .
i thought the prices were great especially on cashews .
perfect for bringing home souvenirs that everyone will love .
it is right across from the freemont hotel .
prices affordable and they carry everything .
best beef jerky around !
two overflowing basket full to be exact .
also a lot of great snacks to bring home .
great gaming and love the good time !
fuck the main strip for playing slots !
they must see everything .
i'd see this show again any day !
the bell service is super too .
great staff , everyone was very friendly and helpful .
it's bigger than advertised .
service was excellent too .
yes sir , i'll take two !
i love the new d !
the rooms are very nice !
cindy was very nice and flexible with my schedule .
great company , great girls , great service .
their attention to detail is amazing !
i will definitely be using this service .
i would recommend them to my friends and family .
the shop is really nice and organized .
i will be back , thanks so much .
driving range is great .
the green 's friendly and fun to play .
this is a great course .
i recommend this course to everyone .
i forgot since it was a few months ago .
the course was decently challenging , and well maintained .
we loved this place .
great two story driving range !
great course to check out while in vegas .
thanks again for one fun golf round .
the staff is one of the best i've encountered .
man , i love this place .
staff were courteous and professional .
facility is well kept and nice driving range .
would recommend this course to anyone .
this was an amazing place to get married .
it was very romantic .
they have a beautiful garden .
all and all , it was a great place .
besides the photo prices everything was perfect !
i love carrie and our photos are beautiful !
our experience was well beyond our expectations .
this place was amazing !
my daughter 's wedding was great !
great job , great teamwork !
also the photos were stunning !
i will be referring friends !
had an amazing experience .
the staff was great !
this place is great !
the staff is awesome .
they are the best .
a bit pricey , but worth every crunch .
all were pretty good .
love this place always come here .
best beef jerky in vegas .
teriyaki is my favorite .
good pricing and friendly staff .
there 's always something new to try !
great for those last minute gifts .
i had a great experience with this dealership .
thank you , scott !
the sales staff is pleasant .
i highly recommend them !
scott was extremely patient and courteous .
he is an asset to your company .
carla took good care of me and my vehicle .
thank you so much ford !
best car buying experience i have ever had !
customer service was awesome !
very friendly staff and moved through the process quickly .
great job team ford .
it is worth the drive to this place .
the service department at team ford are excellent .
the staff are wonderful !
thank you team ford !
another very smooth transaction .
the service bay is amazing .
it made me so happy .
thank you team ford !
richard is the best !
he explains features he knows you would use .
he's honest and friendly .
best new car buying experience i have ever had .
made us feel that our time was valuable .
my visits to this dealership have always been positive .
always courteous and timely with the service .
thanks for calling kimberly .
i thank him again for his understanding .
team ford has come through for us once again .
great car buying service from sales to financing .
thanks again austin , your a great manager !
fast and great service , thanks team ford !
jeremy is so knowledgeable , helpful and very patient .
a friend referred us and i am so thankful !
the service department was expedient and friendly .
my car now runs great !
very patient and helpful .
great job and a good deal .
he was super friendly and very knowledgeable .
my boyfriend loves his car .
the entire team has been very professional and helpful .
all in all , a very pleasurable experience .
nonetheless , i got outstanding help .
thanks doug , adam , and mario !
great car buying service from sales to financing .
very friendly and professional sales team .
doug and adam were also very helpful as well .
the best car buying experience i've ever had .
well worth the drive .
great job , allen turkish .
hoping for a great experience with my new car .
it was a great visit .
see you next year for a new lincoln .
they treat people how they're supposed to be treated .
had a great service experience .
just a honest , friendly bunch of people .
love team ford lincoln .
they went above and beyond !
jessica is a rock star !
her response was amazing .
he is compassionate and cares about his patients .
he's fun to talk to as well .
i can't recommend the whole office enough !
this location has some amazing staff !
reasonably priced and good quality work .
i would recommend them to anyone !
all the sales people here are nice and helpful .
so i am a fan !
the customer service here is excellent .
the employees are always very helpful with this process .
unbelievably , awesome experience !
she was the superstar employee of the day here .
lastly , the staff here is all smiles !
i am so happy i thought of you .
the pricing is always reasonable and service is stellar .
the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly .
i recommend them to my friends all the time .
they are always helpful and friendly .
he is very pleased .
amy ( owner ) was very helpful as well .
very impressed with the store .
i broke my right big toe last august .
excellent preschool with caring staff .
i am very happy with my experience here .
fantastic preschool and summer camp program .
popular place with the locals .
the bowling here is fun and not too expensive .
this place is the best .
well worth the ride out !
i love the rapid roulette here too !
the dining room is clean and updated .
i really liked it .
2nd time we've stayed here and enjoyed our stay .
kudos for the excellent maintenance .
the water and lights holiday show was awesome !
a surprise off the strip .
this place is fantastic !
i love sam 's town .
i love sams town .
good parking as well .
enjoyed my stay here !
the bowling lanes were also great .
you and your kids will be entertained here .
you and your kids will be entertained here .
fun place , lot of things to do .
bowling , movie 's !
this is a great place to stay .
the atrium was really pretty too , and relaxing .
kids loved this place .
i drink and play and chill with fun players .
and the staff extra professional .
a great rv place !
we loved the pool and hot tub !
we will definitely eat there again .
that was an unexpected and much appreciated .
all in all highly recommended .
i really liked this place .
i went to the buffet and it was great .
the people are friendly and the atmosphere was warm .
people are so pleasant .
neat and clean common areas .
in reality it was pretty peaceful , and small .
the light shows here are super cool .
the cleaning staff was very nice .
great rates , amenities , and decent food .
great golf nearby and in house activities .
love this casino and hotel !
both get extra special treatment !
the hotel has great appeal .
nice movie theater here .
laid back and fun casino .
i must say i was really impressed !
the staff was very nice and attentive .
the hotel rooms were clean and comfortable .
the prices are good too !
the center garden is really pretty and nice .
they are all real plants .
they have cool laser show too .
over all it's really good bang for your buck .
i will defiantly stay in the future .
and a good value .
longtime customer of the restaurants and the gaming .
we love the park !
its your basically local spot on the eastside !
we enjoyed coming here .
i liked the waterfall and food court .
also , it has a bowling alley .
it was a nice out of the strip location .
their christmas central garden display is nice as well .
we enjoy coming here .
a must see if you're at sams town .
sam 's town hotel and casino is quite nice .
the staff here are wonderful and very helpful .
great vibe and awesome group or crowd of people .
the temperature was perfect and the bed was comfy .
my new favorite hotel in vegas .
staff and dealers were very nice .
bingo was so much fun .
i really enjoyed staying at sam 's town !
wonderful place to spend some time off the strip .
their comps are pretty nice too .
the rooms are nice .
sweet sea meat that is cooked perfectly !
this is a great hotel !
i always look forward to returning .
the service is great .
we actually win here .
clean place always playing good music .
thank you , katie !
well pleased with steve professional work .
he was very courteous and friendly .
called and got an appt for next day .
excellent experience at tint pros !
i would highly recommend this place !
excellent service from steve @ tint pros .
flawless work and extremely reasonable prices .
we highly recommend tint pros !
had a very good experience .
looked very professional and the outcome was excellent .
very professional and highly skilled .
keep up the great work !
i would highly recommend him !
his prices are very reasonable as well .
the owner did a fantastic job .
this guy is so nice and professional .
always an excellent job .
recommend times a thousand .
very reasonable price and professional service .
reasonably priced & great service .
i highly recommend this place !
stephen does excellent work .
great guy to talk to .
awesome shop and quality work .
will refer more people !
tinted a couple years ago still in great shape .
great customer service and they do great work .
very friendly and did a great job !
flawless job with the best product .
he is very knowledgeable and stands by his work .
steve is incredibly hard working , honest and knowledgable .
he also has great prices for great work .
great credit union here .
sunny actually was well behaved because she felt comfortable .
happy to have found this practice !
i highly recommend valle verde animal hospital .
they answered all my questions thoroughly and patiently .
valley verde hospital has some of the greatest staff .
they were very nice and helpful !
the staff are fantastic .
i was very impressed with the care .
i think they are great !
will definitely be bring my louie to them !
it was a fun and memorable ceremony .
staff there were nice and friendly .
we had so much fun !
for reasons unknown my girl was hip to it .
it was so much fun .
we recommend this chapel and staff highly .
delightful women at the front desk .
this place was pretty cool .
it was pretty awesome and a lot of fun !
my good friend renewed his vows here .
this place is a riot .
the elvis was hilarious and did a great job .
and dang , he was a fine elvis !
it was pretty awesome !
the entire staff was so friendly and welcoming .
look no further , these folks are wonderful .
a great time was had by all .
what an amazing experience .
it's cute , small , intimate .
they did a good job .
the staff was great and elvis was amazing !
elvis renewed our vows and it was amazing !
highly recommend it - what a great experience .
girlfriend 's parents got their vows renewed here .
booked a helicopter wedding .
very professional booking and ordering .
wife loved the flowers .
elvis was super fun and entertaining .
photographer was top notch as well .
we couldn't ask for anything more !
the staff were great .
the photographer was perfect .
the limo driver was very nice .
beautiful inside the chapel .
big brownie points for sure !
love , love , love .
i would definitely recommend .
worth every penny and did not disappoint !
had a wonderful time here !
totally got what we had expected !
our elvis was great !
funny and great at singing !
quick ceremony , very friendly staff !
the cutest place in vegas !
i love this place !
my guest were so happy .
even better than my expectations !
he said very good and touching things .
the all elvis package was just so hilarious !
what a memorable way to celebrate our 20th anniversary .
the wedding pictures blew me away .
thank you for making our special day perfect !
we wanted something elvis and a memorable fun time .
everything ran smoothly and our elvis was great !
the food is consistent , amazing , authentic .
the good : my food has always been excellent .
really , really tasty .
great dvd , great sound !
i've been here four times and enjoyed every visit .
good food , good service , good prices .
good service , friendly folks .
and it's right on the neon museum .
however , the food makes it worth the trek .
other than a fair price and good service .
the food is freaking awesome !
for the amount of business it does .
plus a great price .
it's great to get a blast from the past !
perfect amount of sauce for a slice of pizza .
i'd go back in a heart beat !
great staff always friendly .
so many delicious choices !
i recommend him highly .
i would recommend him with absolute confidence .
dr. banks is hands down amazing !
best barber shop in town !
the staff was welcoming and friendly .
great cut , service was excellent .
best precision cut ever !
barber joe did a great job .
tim " o " hooked me up !
the old school music they play is great also !
great service , great atmosphere for all .
got a great cut here from troy !
the cut was detailed and tight .
will definitely be going back !
one of the best cuts i've ever gotten .
tim " o " was the best .
highly , highly , highly recommend !
best haircut my husband has had in years !
" a cut above the rest ! "
extremely pleased with my cut and experience .
they make everyone feel welcome .
man this place is the spot in vegas !
a cut above the rest is the best !
great customer service and quality .
mike hooked us up !
troy had me in and out in perfect timing .
the atmosphere was positive and welcoming .
they know how to cut hair .
hands down the best cut i ever got !
highly recommend going to them .
all the barbers are hungry and professional .
highly impressed , this quality is rare these days .
curtis did his thing and blew my mind .
he did an awesome job and exceed my expectations .
it is right next door .
jordan did a great job .
it is worth the drive downtown .
he was cool and laid back .
great environment with great people .
excellent customer service , barbers and cuts !
it's basically one wall .
their attention to detail and service are great .
adam was very easy to work with .
these guys are professionals !
everything always comes out looking amazing .
their quality control is impeccable .
they are great to work with .
thank you guys for all your hard work .
we love you at all metal maintenance stands .
adam and his team are clearly professional .
i love this place they have great customer service .
very satisfied with the work done .
i will be coming back for sure !
it was worth every penny .
i highly recommend fast fix .
these guys are great !
i will go back again !
my experience with them has always been positive .
they fixed it fast and free !
everything turned out perfectly .
with the great customer service comes quality work also .
fantastic through the whole experience .
they saved the day and the price was great .
thank you so much .
very knowledgable about what she does as well .
great quality for a great price .
this place came recommended by star costume .
i love this place !
what a little gem !
the man in black did a great job .
they did a wonderful job .
what a great place to get married !
we had the best time !
the photographer was amazing the place was soooooo vegas !
what an amazing place !
i especially want to thank natalie , our photographer .
the pics will make great gifts for christmas !
they have the best staff , no doubt .
and our wedding was perfect !
great on customer service .
thanks a lot in a tight jam .
very , very clean place !
we had a shrimp molcajete and it was delicious .
she works for her tips .
i usually get the octopus one and its delicious .
i still found the atmosphere friendly and welcoming .
this place is amazing .
super good and the pictures don't lie .
i have to say the food is really delicious !
great price and customer service .
authentic mexican food and great customer service .
will definitely recommend to friends and family .
i had a pork taco and it was delicious .
this place is amazing .
great music , live music or on the radio .
as well along with the rest of the servers .
best mexican food in las vegas !
this place is amazing !
i love how fresh and delicious there oysters are .
i will continue to go there .
i like , i like !
amazing customer service and atmosphere .
we will definitely attend regularly and recommend to everyone .
the chicken and beef molcajete was delicious !
they put alot of ceviche !
servings were big and service was great .
it's cheap fresh and amazing !
highly recommend this place !
will definitely come back !
it's also extremely roomy and clean .
holy crap , i love this place !
the food was delicious .
the food here is super good .
the salsa in the dish is tasty and hot !
will definitely be back !
what a great concept !
the food was extremely good !
if you're a fan of meaty goodness .
the food , my friends was amazing .
i really like this place .
all the staff is really nice .
the food is great i highly recommend it .
i highly recommend to try this place out .
waitresses are fantastic with nice personalities !
the food tastes delicious !
another friend had the chicken salad - superb .
this place is awesome !
the rice was also tasty and lightly flavored .
this place is awesome .
enjoyed our dinner there .
great service , good and prices .
seafood was flavorful and fresh !
the best authentic mexican food in town !
the food always tastes fresh every time i've came !
best michelada this side of the border .
by far my favorite mexican food .
the service is great and food tastes delicious .
you will defiantly be satisfied .
they serve the best michelada .
the fish ceviche tostadas and oysters are good here .
i found this place for lunch with a coworker .
great spot for authentic mexican food !
they have agua frescas , they looked really good .
she is so sweet and nice to talk to .
everyone is so nice and knowledgable .
they have always been spot on and very professional .
i highly recommend these dedicated and caring people .
there prices are the best that i have found .
customer service is great as ever !
mary is amazing and very accommodating .
mary was so friendly and professional .
all the great reviews are definitely well deserved .
i will definitely be back !
this tour rocks , and it's free !
make sure and call ahead and book a time .
i was very impressed with how it turned out .
fast service excellent quality .
prices are usually great , and turnaround is fast .
these folks do amazing work !
you can see the pride of craftsmanship .
everyone was very knowledgeable and friendly .
the end results are absolutely beautiful .
very nice workmanship , timely , reasonably priced .
jose and his staff were great .
jon henry helped my sister and i !
staff is helpful and friendly .
it was clean and yummy .
the place is now remodeled and looks more appealing .
but the food is still great .
i highly recommend their services .
i recommend this place to all .
our first visit : this place is top notch !
i highly recommend seeing him .
this place is wonderful .
the people are great .
highly recommend this office .
this is a great place !
the staff is so nice too !
dr. eric is simply amazing !
he is my favorite doctor if all time !
his staff is very helpful and kind !
these guys got my back !
definitely will be back .
every visit is a positive experience for me .
the staff is friendly and helpful !
i will always be thankful for their kindness !
staff and treatment was great !
i agree there are an excessive amount of steps .
was actually done with my appt .
a mechanic you can trust !
great service great mechanics .
this man is honest and very knowledgable .
great service most trusted mechanic in vegas .
best place in vegas !
these guys are cool .
the guys there this morning were also cool .
great place for getting parts and honest advice .
best dentist in town !
best dentist in town !
he is very honest and professional .
his staff is also wonderful !
convenient , clean , comfortable .
the service and staff are great !
they treat us like family !
the staff are super friendly .
it's a starbucks , it serves what i need .
my favorite starbucks in the city !
the service at this location was quick and easy .
the games are fun and affordable .
hopefully they win next time .
great for families too .
dollar menu night and a great game .
the place was filled with families and fun people .
its a great place to catch a fun game .
you can take a bus to the game .
: - ) great family outing .
i really enjoy the games .
it is a good family outing .
and when they do win it is extra special .
i hope they can keep it up all season .
that would be great to see .
love attending baseball games here .
wally is the best manager this organization has had .
this is a fun night .
give it a shot .
hopefully they keep it up .
the stadium has plenty of easy parking .
great time at the baseball game .
staff in treatment area are very friendly and personable .
the remember patients names and are comforting .
they are all wonderful !
dr. daniel is a state treasure .
the staff is friendly and efficient .
the office and rooms are very clean and stylish .
i especially love char .
the other dentists are exceptional as well .
they're knowledgeable and friendly staff are amazing !
keep up the great work !
a classy tuxedo at a decent price .
just super nice people .
this place is so great .
the service is amazing and everyone is so friendly !
very professional and a great eye for fashion .
the staff was friendly , professional and very accommodating .
we would recommend them !
what a great experience .
she will definitely take care of you !
he truly takes pride in his business !
i highly recommend tuxedo junction !
best tux shop ever !
you guys are great !
she was very knowledgeable and professional .
thank you for a great experience .
great service , friendly people .
awesome place for tuxedo rentals !
really great place to get a tux rental !
staff is very knowledgable and friendly !
highly recommend and very professional .
my wedding day was perfect !
great service , fair prices .
top notch rental items and fantastic service .
the return timing was very generous .
staff were very friendly and helpful .
they handled us nicely .
when ryan took over everything looked beautiful !
tuxedo junction was fantastic !
amazing customer service and great prices .
thank you very much julio .
julio helped us and service was amazing .
fast and very friendly service very accommodating highly recommend .
what a great job she did .
highly recommend tuxedo junction on sahara .
the whole office is awesome .
many of my friends use him as well .
the office staff is very friendly and professional !
my massage was awesome and the adjustment felt amazing !
i highly recommend complete neck and back care .
he is very knowledgeable and professional .
dr. matt is the best !
love love this place .
they treat the dogs like they are family .
thanks for keeping our poodle looking good !
definitely recommend this place !
very upbeat and great customer service .
great grooming salon & super cute to boot !
i will return and recommend to everyone !
thank you so much .
they are fast and efficient .
my favorite place by far !
what a fabulous shop !
i refer everyone to them !
you are all appreciated amd valued !
he loves it there .
very nicely run with friendly and attentive staff .
every time we call and get scheduled right away .
clean and super white !
this place really has a lot of treatment rooms !
the lime and ginger body treatment was amazing too .
my mom and dad also had amazing facials .
staff is helpful and very friendly .
my wife and i thoroughly enjoyed our pedicures .
i felt incredibly pampered .
the facility was nice and clean .
i really liked this spa a lot !
the service was nice .
the chairs in the lounge are super comfy !
will definitely be back !
they are open all year !
i highly recommend them .
food , awesome like always .
i will definitely be coming here again .
go pick up a nice boutique for significant other .
beautiful wrapping and excellent customer service .
i love this place !
it was simple but unique and elegant .
with the unique arrangement , the prices were reasonable .
i absolutely recommend this place !
: ) they have fantastic service .
came here from the recommendation of a family member .
the owner is absolutely pleasant .
plus there is free delivery !
i love how accommodating they are with special requests !
and i'm glad it is !
would definitely recommend them !
found on yelp and they did a wonderful job !
i highly recommend this place !
super pleased with my purchase and my experience here !
the owner is very understanding and nice .
wow , wow , wow .
check out the pictures i posted .
alex is the best !
the roses were the most gorgeous !
u can trust him & talk to him anytime .
his work is amazing !
this location in particular , is awesome .
they have a great value menu .
best fast food mexican on the west coast !
the breakfast burrito was amazing !
maria does super work .
her work is precise and invisible .
fast great quality last minute service .
pretty , open , and clean .
staff was very friendly too !
quick , efficient service and always friendly .
i love this starbucks !
customer service is awesome !
and drink are always perfect !
there 's always a line .
always get service with a smile !
this starbucks is perfect !
we keep coming back to this place !
these guys are good .
a couple of baristas remember my order .
had a great experience today at this location .
always get my order done quick .
the staff is so nice too .
this is the best starbucks .
this location is my favorite starbucks !
i love this location !
i really like this pho place .
friendly office staff , nice building , great service .
very clean , will definitely return !
they're extremely clean and really organized .
great service , so happy with them !
these guys are great .
great selection of hardware and a variety of leather .
friendly and knowledgable staff .
quality products with a huge product line .
great customer service , friendly and helpful !
and customer service is outstanding !
staff was extremely friendly and the service was excellent .
quick service and even better customer service .
the food was good and tasted fresh to me .
great place to get your smog check done .
professional staff as well .
now my hands and feet look good .
he was honest and went above and beyond .
keep up the good work !
thanks juan and fellow employees you guys deserve recognition !
always great food and they have awesome prices !
very nice service also !
always done the same .
make sure you repeat your order to her .
this place was phenomenal .
the order arrived hot and fresh and so quick .
i love love love this place .
shrimp is always so plump and sauces are amazing .
all three were very good .
wonton soup is awesome !
i love this place .
this place is great !
i love that its a little family owned place .
either way , i like it !
we will return , good eats .
great food , awesome friendly service , affordable prices .
a consistently great dining experience .
buddy and nicole are the best .
a great local , family-owned restaurant !
this is one of my favorite lunch spots .
the food is great and reasonably priced .
the staff is wonderfully friendly .
best greek cafe in town !
best gyros , best baklava !
please tell them alex sent you !
this place is family owned .
a real fine shop !
what a cool store !
it was a pleasure to shop here .
i eat here often .
the pizza is good .
the service is great .
the price is awesome .
always a big smile .
thanks for making my pizza well done .
i was impressed with the cashier my last visit .
thanks al , you made a difference !
a great attitude is rare .
best jamaican food in vegas .
this one excited me !
i can't recommend it enough .
i love this place .
the service was fast and friendly .
the jerk chicken was delicious !
definitely am a fan .
everything was soooo good !
we will definitely be back !
please go and taste for yourself .
great friendly staff , can't wait to go back !
their jerk chicken is ideal .
i will definitely be back !
but yeah , nothing special .
i love eating here !
it is yummy good portion , just yummy .
hit the spot as always .
on that note , i loved it !
oh , and great customer service .
give this place a shot !
every restaurant has their style and twist .
the rum cake is also good as well .
my boyfriend likes the curry goat .
rich flavors perfectly spiced .
would definitely recommend this place !
i wanted one of everything .
the food was great .
they are consistent with the food .
they have some beautiful flowers here .
quick and friendly transaction .
great welcoming customer service .
i definitely will return .
fast , tasty , and inexpensive .
lunch specials are great .
highly recommended for casual lunch !
perfect amount of broccoli and beef .
great portion size ( took half home ) .
huge plus on the free thai ice tea refills !
lunch specials are a great deal .
the food is always so hot and tasty .
very fast and kind service .
very good thai food .
and it comes with fried rice with shrimp .
their portion is pretty reasonable .
their food is delicious !
always fresh , and service is quick and friendly .
highly recommend this place if you love that food .
i completely love this place .
thai bbq takes 1st place !
it was so good .
awesome is all i can say .
they cook everything fresh .
great and friendly service .
the staff is very nice for starters .
highly recommend this dish !
service was nice and food came out quickly .
it was very good n service was prompt .
i will recommend to friends and family .
this place is amazing !
completely recommend this place !
the cucumber salad is a must !
you can thank me later !
other than that , the food is amazing .
shrimp fried rice is always on point !
disgusting but the food is good !
been coming here since day one it opened .
thai tea is always on point , with refills .
very friendly and helpful .
they have really good food for the price .
the ribs here are great !
love the friend rice .
the servers are nice .
wow was i pleasantly surprised .
trish and frank were friendly efficient and inexpensive .
thanks guys you are awesome .
friendly and fairly priced .
would definitely recommend them .
hands down the best place to take your mini !
good work , thanks .
great work , professionalism , friendliness and integrity !
thank you so much for exceeding my expectations !
great shop very helpful .
as always the staff was amazing !
love this car shop !
both bill and trish really take care of you .
fast , reliable , honest , and affordable .
best place in vegas for mini service .
this place is very friendly and reasonable .
they always honor their warranty things .
that kinda stuff works to create loyalty .
absolutely the best place to have your cars serviced !
thank you , thank you , thank you !
the equipment is good ; the action is decent .
the owners are really friendly .
best dry cleaners in town .
capriotti 's sandwich shop !
we all order the cheesesteak and it's tasty !
we also enjoyed the hot italian .
one of the best turkey subs i've ever had !
the quality was consistent with their usual high standards .
i am grateful for the great food and service .
i cant even describe how delicious this sandwich is .
the sandwiches are very good .
sauce and meatballs had a very good flavor .
very nice people working in the shop .
awesome concept for a sandwich !
it truly is as good as it gets !
and all three of those are top tier .
the bobbie , the bobbie !
love their catering trays .
best sandwiches in vegas .
- totally fresh take on sandwiches .
the ingredients are awesome and the bread is incredible .
i love this place .
i recommend you sandwich lovers to dine here .
the service is great as well !
capastrami , capastrami , capastrami !
a local chain that is decent .
also , small is the new large here .
keep it behind the registers .
i love this place .
the best cheese steak in town .
will definitely go back here for more .
: ) service was very friendly .
the place is clean and well taken care of .
great assortment of sandwiches prepared fresh for any palette !
hassle free and delicious sandwiches .
just today i ordered the pastrami sandwich .
delicious bobbie as always .
what a great sandwich shop .
great place to eat .
great staff always getting orders correct and fast !
this place is wonderful !
the staff is super friendly and attentive .
mmm mmm mmm good !
this place is awesome !
the meat is soo fresh , actually everything is !
the bread is nice and soft .
fresh ingredients , fresh bread , fresh everything !
they are also nice and friendly here !
great restaurant , great customer service .
will definitely be back : ) !
the customer service is top notch .
they are very professional .
they are very professional and easy to work with !
definitely worth referring to other clients !
very friendly service and professional move .
efficient , courteous , and a fair price !
they're friendly and prompt .
erik and his team run a tight ship !
very kind and hard working !
he was efficient & professional .
i'd recommend them to anyone who needs their service .
they give good care of everything .
eric and his team members are really nice .
i highly recommend to everyone to call them .
i would highly recommend them .
they are fast , efficient , and respectful .
they are your guys for moving a piano .
i would recommend them in a heartbeat .
best price , best service .
i highly recommend this team of wonderful people .
they are careful and efficient .
the careful move is full service .
a pleasure to work with .
we will definitely call you for any future moves .
they were very helpful and thorough .
thanks eric for a job well done .
great attitude , careful and gentle technique .
they were a real pleasure to work with .
excellent experience with these guys .
totally flawless , and well planned .
an honest , nice and professional company .
his enthusiasm was refreshing and sincere .
bacon cheddar wedges for the win !
i highly recommend going here .
i have been very impressed with this repair shop .
good service , no upsell , good customer service .
they were really fast friendly and helpful .
fast service and reasonable prices .
orleans is great place to stay .
great spot off the strip to see a movie .
an excellent movie theater in a great location .
really like the nachos as well .
very kind , courteous and hard workers .
this was a great find !
its really clean and the staff is great .
the theatre was very nice .
the box office woman was quite polite and efficient .
great popcorn , and real butter at this location .
clean , nice theatre to catch a movie in .
this is a really nice theater .
the snack offerings and popcorn portions are great .
they really do care about animals .
overall experience , is great !
great vet was very sweet to our dogs .
we will definitely go back .
they are the best .
he is compassionate and honest .
i recommend him very highly .
all of this added up to a great time !
the korean lady is very nice there .
i loved this place .
very friendly and great customer service .
i really would recommend this place to anyone .
ms julia is a gem !
ana is also super nice .
this place was great !
excellent service , excellent job !
besides price is quite reasonable .
i absolutely loved anna 's work !
honest and straight forward .
she was done the next day !
she did a wonderful job in the end .
i will come back here for all our alterations !
she is a life saver !
another plus they are super friendly and super fast !
i'm so lucky to have found this place !
i'd go back and recommend to a friend .
in general , the food is good .
i recommend the bbq pork appetizer .
good food , waiter not that attentive .
everything here is done just to my liking .
best thai food ever !
regardless still one of my fav thai restaurants .
such a variety of food to choose from .
awesome authentic thai food !
i always order the beef with brown sauce .
and their combination fried rice is also very yummy !
the food was well prepared and fresh .
it was great and we'll go back .
you can get great food at decent prices .
they all tasted good and authentic .
i have found it here !
a must if you love thai food .
they give good portions and it tastes really good .
the food is awesome at this place .
we each ordered a plate and shared it .
the service was great and attentive .
just a wonderful staff and excellent tasty dishes .
unbelievably fantastic thai food at a very reasonable price !
believe me , its worth the walk .
always quick to serve good , tasting affordable lunches !
worth the trip from the strip .
the food was extremely decent for the price .
very good food , very friendly staff !
definitely we will come back !
get this item here if you love pad thai !
each time was really good .
( got it to go each time ) .
other two times i got mongolian beef .
got pick-up and everything was project !
thai food the right way .
i love this place !
i also recommend their soups .
fast service and food .
great food and good service .
best hangover food other than stake and eggs .
i would highly recommend this venue to anyone !
consistently excellent food , friendly and accommodating staff .
and the pad thai is about the best ever .
also , quite affordable .
very authentic and the food is delish !
some of the best thai food in town .
everything in the menu is delicious .
i love this place .
the food is amazing .
always a great food experience .
the staff is exceptionally attentive .
always good and great lunch specials .
this place has great food .
the service is decent .
it was very good both times .
great place for large parties , very accommodating .
totally reminded me of east coast style chinese food .
one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas .
best long island ice tea in vegas !
i always the tom yum soup with shrimp .
place seems clean and waitress is always sweet .
he is a fan now !
i love this place !
one of my favorite thai restaurant !
best thai food in town .
the staff was extremely friendly and polite !
these dishes were excellent !
such an impeccable place that we will definitely miss .
excellent thai and chinese food .
great for all three .
they tasted very fresh and flavorful .
tasty and pretty cheap .
this place is awesome !
this is one the best restaurants ever !
i definitely recommend this place to everyone !
mongolian beef is my favorite .
the tom kha is really good too .
the drinks and food were really good .
the pad thai was great .
overall , i would recommend this place .
the chicken fried rice is my favorite !
i recommend this to everyone who asks .
great food great service .
just tried their food , it was amazing !
pad see ew was good .
the dishes are authentic .
the garlic pork is fantastic .
to my surprise all the flavor were there .
the service was pleasant and quick .
it's definitely on my hit list for the future .
tasty food for a reasonable price .
fast delivery and great food !
the best thai and chinese food in las vegas .
i recommend to all ages and good pricing .
the food here is excellent .
both dine-in and delivery .
clean , nice atmosphere .
prices are great and the food was excellent .
the service was very attentive .
clean , nice atmosphere .
prices are great and the food was excellent .
the service was very attentive .
the mongolian chicken is great !
the food was great and the service was happy .
very clean and attentive and also very quick .
the food was amazing definitely going back !
easy to find and clean .
and the curry was pretty amazing .
i'm really happy i tried this place out .
great authentic thai food !
first time eating here and will definitely order again .
we will always stop here each trip we make .
i will start saying the restaurant is clean .
have been going here since i moved to vegas !
i love the friendly service and the amazing food .
even the soda is good !
the thai tea is the best too !
my favorite place in town !
portion sizes are great .
we found our favorite thai restaurant in las vegas !
very good lunch , service , and atmosphere .
one of my favorite places for thai food .
prices are reasonable , and the food is great !
delicious and great customer service .
it was that good !
it was all very tasty .
i love their thai tea .
prices are decent for the portion sizes .
will be back again !
come back today again so good !
very friendly and quick .
the food was delicious and flavorful .
truly exceptional at what he does .
their other food choices are good too .
they also have great graveyard specials too .
unbelievably inexpensive and pretty tasty !
perfect spot for a cheap but excellent meal .
yeah it's good stuff i got them hooked !
the price is always economical !
that hits it out of the park for me !
delicious cheap mexican food !
the guy that served us was really nice too .
i got the fish tacos which were great .
chicken crispy taco was delicious !
delicious mexican food for cheap .
really good cheap ass food .
this place is amazing !
the food was fresh and was delicious .
fish taco done son !
what a great find !
very authentic and the people are cool .
has a bar with tvs showing soccer games .
tacos were good enough that i ordered two more !
i'll definitely order more next visit , however .
great food , decent prices , excellent service .
the staff is very friendly .
the food is great .
tuesday night pub trivia is alot of fun .
furthermore , they are extremely involved in the community .
chill atmosphere , good irish nachos .
the atmosphere is very chill , and relaxing .
great pub with good food too .
this place is great !
i highly recommend it !
furthermore for vegas its prices are fairly decent .
the creole mustard dressing was superb .
they all tasted very good to me .
the curry chicken was surprisingly good .
the irish nachos are a must .
the staff is friendly .
great place , good food .
i friggin love this place !
excellent service from the bartender .
both selections were excellent .
great place and worth the trip outside the strip .
my favorite thing on the menu !
its always on the menu and always delicious .
love those irish nachos !
decent selection of beer and good food !
still love this place .
totally worth it and it's free !
the food is exquisite and the service is terrific .
i absolutely love this place !
the fish was moist and fried perfectly .
breakfast blt good too .
service is excellent , very friendly and helpful .
good food and an overall good experience .
the food is excellent and the portions are huge .
but the very best was dessert .
a great place to eat .
it's a great place to go for breakfast .
great food and great service .
home made steak and mushroom pie , so yummy !
great irish coffee and great selection of european beers !
really neat irish bar !
the burgers are really good too .
service was excellent and the food was amazing .
quite possibly the best corned beef i've ever had !
everything my husband and i ordered was delicious .
it's a great atmosphere .
atmosphere and bar design is wonderful .
hand whipped fresh whipped cream and it is amazing !
the fish and chips taste fresh and crispy .
my favorite dessert in the world is here.
great irish bar with a superb irish whiskey menu .
best fish and chips i have ever eaten .
whiskey was great too .
always a good place to grab some drinks .
a real irish pub serving great food and drinks .
always friendly staff and great overall atmosphere .
best irish pub in all of vegas .
get the fish and chips , you'll thank me .
the food is great !
this is one of our favorite restaurants .
great food , great vibe and very nice people .
this place is awesome !
the food was great and so was the beer .
service was great as well .
bar offerings are great and the food is awesome .
great irish favs and best irish coffee too !
so that 's a bonus .
the breading was perfect .
great value for the money .
he was funny too !
we love it there .
always a great time here .
both of which are excellent choices here .
that place is great but way over priced .
we also ordered dinner ala carte .
the stew was hearty tasting and was really satisfying .
another tasty entree is the fish and chips .
service from our waiter was spot on and friendly .
great and friendly staff which is very important .
enjoyed my very first irish coffee i've ever had .
i absolutely love this place !
four of us came here .
the service was also super nice .
the food here is great .
we really enjoy everything we've had here .
a very good vegetarian burger .
fries and chips are excellent as well .
servers are friendly , fast and engaging .
blackened chicken nachos are great !
dallas our server was very nice and attentive .
staff is fun and friendly too .
ugh my new favorite !
our waitress was so nice !
she recommended an awesome beer and very friendly .
the food is amazing !
love the decor and the music .
seriously in love with this pub .
it's big , its heavy , its awesome .
best pub in town bar none .
friendly bartenders , amazing happy hour and drink specials .
their players club is super as well .
their food selection is fantastic .
loved their irish stew .
the service here also is excellent !
definitely one of my favorite bars !
very friendly and fun environment .
big portions , excellent service , great food .
great food , and service .
happy hour is a score !
maybe the best fish and chips i've ever had .
this place is great !
i love coming here in the evenings .
pretty cool atmosphere for any soccer enthusiast .
fish and chips are tasty .
quick , efficient , friendly .
everything that 's on the menu is delicious .
love the irish nachos !
the food here is amazing and i love it .
i enjoy the atmosphere as well .
check it out and enjoy .
maybe hit it on a live music night .
great service , to boot !
makes a huge difference !
great value for the lunch specials .
great service , nice atmosphere .
usually , it's pretty close !
he works weekends late night shift .
friendly staff and good portions , a definite gem .
so it's nice to have options .
the best irish pub in vegas for sure .
nice ambiance and great staff .
great beer and food choices .
definately became one of my favorite bars .
bar staff was great , very friendly and fast .
very clean and organized .
this place is the best !
dallas is very good as the trivia master .
ryan and cassie are excellent @ their jobs .
great food , and excellent customer service !
our glasses stayed full !
i love this place .
will definitely bring friends here !
ryan helped make my experience unforgettable .
i look forward to coming back again !
fantastic food , great drink selection , awesome atmosphere .
by far the best irish pub in vegas .
this place is great .
my husband and i always come here .
the food is excellent .
the " mini " is huge !
we will definitely be back .
the breakfast was excellent .
very friendly service as well .
best fish and chips in town .
always great service always great food .
the irish nachos were excellent .
ordered medium irish nachos and they were amazing !
will definitely be back !
good old irish pub .
great food , great pub !
excellent food , good happy hour prices .
delicious food and the coffee was delicious .
good times , always .
well , this place is his winner .
irish breakfast is delicious !
curry pot pie was great !
this place is great .
even better if you want live irish music .
it warms the irish part of my heart !
their blackened chicken caesar salad is outstanding !
oh yeah , this is the place to be .
you can't beat their happy hour appetizer prices either !
absolutely love this place for so many reasons .
when you come in you just feel welcome .
having the irish farmers breakfast and it's all tasty .
really amazing coffee too .
what a great pub !
food was really good .
it's a good casual date night place .
they have many really cute private booths .
live music on the weekends is fun .
the whiskey and scotch menu is decent .
food and service was excellent .
chef ivan 's florentine was spectacular !
irish pie with steak was great as well .
my favorite go to spot for gathering with friends .
great food , great service , and great entertainment .
tuesday night trivia is always a blast .
we loved this place .
it had a great irish atmosphere that we loved .
this place blew it out of the water !
it'll get you some great deals and discounts !
wait staff is great and always in good spirits !
their pastries & cakes are fantastic as well !
highly recommended for great marinated meats .
great find in my area .
great pastries if you like the sweet stuff .
super small but super authentic .
best meat market in town .
great variety of fresh marinated meats available .
by far the best carne asada tacos in town !
the super burrito is insanely good !
best tacos and guacamole around !
greatest carne in town and great service !
thank god for this place !
but their spare ribs are amazing !
they also have cook items as well !
fresh meat nice service great prices .
my multiple experiences with discount tire have been great !
thanks jeff and team .
lane and brandon are awesome !
that was so nice of him !
we were really impressed !
their food is so yummy and authentic .
the prices were pretty good .
small tables & booth seating available .
finally the nail salon i can come back !
thank you , christina .
thank you christina you are the best !
aloha nails is the best nail spa ever !
love love love this place !
she does my brows and they are amazing !
i finally found a nail salon i like !
this will be my new nail salon .
her staff is wonderful as well !
kenny is hilarious and fantastic !
great pedis for me and my two girls !
absolutely love this place .
the employees are very friendly and professional .
it was probably the best pedicure i've ever had .
my friends love this place .
they both did a fantastic job .
i love this place !
always friendly and happy people .
guys are doing great job there .
prices were fairly reasonable as well .
i am pleased with my pretty nails !
my favorite will always be christina .
love 'em like family !
great service , always .
thank you christina for my nails .
she is always doing a great job .
one of the best nail salon in vegas .
vey nice stuff and unique tile products .
waiting area are clean and inviting .
i would recommend it to anyone .
definitely will be coming back .
it lasted a month !
contact anne to do your nails and pedicure .
plus , her foot massages are phenomenal !
she will take an extra care of you !
prices are reasonable and the owners are really nice .
plus it's good to support small businesses .
small but packed with all the essentials !
the store is super adorable and everything is organized .
the lady is also so nice .
it's a cute place , that offers cool items .
overall cute little japanese mini mart .
it all came out beautiful !
great jokes and conversation .
when we got inside the bar was surprisingly nice .
the bartender on shift greeted us very nicely !
we were very pleased with the service we got .
the steak is excellent , as usual .
but the steak was wonderful !
open till 3am awesome wine great steak and service .
the service was good the server was very attentive .
they serve beer and alcohol good tequila , micheladas .
i will come back here for sure !
good service and live music is a plus .
seafood is fresh and delicious .
their service is always good .
had the molcajete , amazing !
the chorizo was so delicious !
our waitress was very helpful and attending .
by far , the best .
professional , clean and trustworthy .
the artists are amazing .
i highly recommend to anyone .
ray was our tattoo guy and he is awesome .
the girlfriend loves hers , too .
the rest of the staff was awesome as well !
i felt like part of the family !
professional place quality work , i recommend them .
all the great reviews are accurate .
this place is awesome .
the tattoos came out great .
clean and friendly atmosphere .
my friend and i had phil as our artist .
this place is top notch .
impressive lay out and unreal custom artwork !
definetly a class act !
really fun interior and very friendly place .
good ratings , great atmosphere !
thanks for making our trip to vegas very memorable !
the shop was super nice too .
he was friendly and made me feel super comfortable .
best tattoo place in las vegas .
the atmostphere is pleasant .
our tattoos came out amazing !
all of the artists are amazing !
phil is the best !
he was very nice and made me feel comfortable .
all the artists are top notch .
family owned and operated , very clean and friendly !
open to your ideas not just there 's !
i can also mention great artists .
great family owned tattoo studio and gallery .
everyone was very friendly and helpful .
all i can say is awesome !
see jason great guy .
my first tattoo , my boyfriend 's second .
plus , the staff is very nice here .
love my tattoo nick did up for me .
would recommend this place to anyone !
definitely worth a visit .
had such a good experience at this place !
very clean , very helpful staff .
it was a wonderful experience from beginning to end .
i highly recommend this shop !
i love this place !
the layout of the store is awesome !
nick was very friendly and answered all my questions .
nick did an outstanding job and exceeded my expectations .
everyone was friendly and the price was very reasonable .
very open , pleasant atmosphere , clean and professional .
my artist was jason , who was wonderful .
jason is the best !
my whole experience here was great .
would recommend this shop in a heart beat !
i walked in and the reception was very friendly .
the overall experience was very positive .
absolutely love this shop !
nick was also great to my family .
they are both amazing and just what i wanted .
everyone at the studio is so nice and friendly .
i would highly recommend anyone to this tattoo shop !
friendly staff , beautiful decor and immaculately clean .
it is worth it .
j was a fabulous artist .
i am thrilled with both !
the studio was clean & professional .
would highly recommend it .
great shop , great people .
i can highly recommend this place .
he was very friendly and made me feel welcomed .
price was perfect and so is my tattoo !
i will definitely come back !
friendly artists with good artwork and great service .
will be back again for more ink !
charlie was the best .
not only did they do great at work .
nick was great , i love it .
may the force be with you .
clean studio , friendly staff and amazing artists .
this place is wonderful !
so extremely happy with my piece done by tyson !
thanks so much for the great experience .
very comfortable atmosphere , knowledgable artists and fair priced !
highly recommend to any and everybody !
it's unique and i will be back .
super clean , neat shop .
well worth the price .
professional , clean , very friendly and quality work .
however the real draw is the talent .
this shop is a dream to work with .
they are super professional and very clean !
great staff , quality tattoo work !
love joey the manager !
i will definitely be back for my second .
great experience getting my first tattoo here .
joey the manager also very cool .
i high recommended checking them out !
by far the best tattoo shop in vegas .
extremely professional and they make you feel so comfortable .
his talent and imagination definitely blew me away .
i will definitely be back for more work soon .
wonderful place , amazing staff , incredible artwork .
i went home so happy !
i feel so much better about showing to people .
thanks to this place !
the tattoo shop is amazing .
he did such an amazing job on my tattoo !
this place is the best !
up beat atmosphere and amazing tattoo artist .
i will be back !
the owner , charlie , did the work .
very nice guy and very talented .
quality place and even better folks .
the most professional shop in town !
every experience is better than the last !
awesome guy and great artist .
it was nice and peaceful for eating .
drive thru is pretty fast .
i highly recommend this company .
i love this office .
i love this branch a lot .
so professional , responsive and friendly .
give them a chance to quote you .
personal service and great rates !
it is a winning combination !
i saw some unique stuff in his shop .
hidden gem in las vegas .
best spot in town for modern designed furniture .
i highly recommend this place .
so happy to see a store with contemporary furniture .
a wonderful shopping experience .
great service , great prices , great product .
nothing flashy , just good food .
the bread was so yummy as well !
i will come here again !
the wine list is good too .
a definite " go to " spot .
simply fresh , handmade from scratch and delicious !
great food large portions , and a fair price .
the salad and bread is always good as well .
everything was so delicious .
it's a great alternative to hotel food .
really easy to get there .
the service was friendly .
we had very attentive service and excellent meals .
our waiter did a great job explaining the specials .
the service was attentive and our meals were tasty .
always wonderful and grand .
excellent " local " restaurant off the strip .
the portions are large and always cooked well .
thanks for all the good times .
well let me try .
the food here really is top notch .
it is so fresh and made from scratch .
the sauce for the alfredo was good .
otherwise , the service was friendly and efficient .
i highly recommend this place .
loved the taste and loved the texture .
the experience was wonderful .
chicken parmesan very tender , salad is small and amazing.
a wonderful dining experience !
yes pasta mia surpassed my expectations !
nice little romantic place for dinner .
my friend had a chicken dish that he loved .
everyone received tasty garlic bread .
great service and really yummy food !
the best in town .
i love their spaghetti !
what a great find in vegas !
the lobster ravioli was fresh and delicious .
the wine was well priced and delicious .
what a great find in vegas !
the lobster ravioli was fresh and yummy .
the wine was well priced and delicious .
the salad actually taste fresh .
very few people , but still a nice atmosphere .
we had cheesecake for dessert and it was excellent .
portions are large , service is good and attentive .
my favorite resturant in las vegas .
we will definitely be back .
the food was delicious .
very nice wait staff .
will definitely come again when we're back in town .
portions are huge and everything tasted amazing .
customer service was great and very friendly .
very happy and will come back again !
great place for a dinner date .
i will return again !
great service from carlos , great food !
the soup is wonderful and must have .
so want to go again !
staff is knowledgable and courteous .
love love love this place !
foods great , servers are awesome as well .
the salads are great and so is everything else .
i thought the food was amazing .
really authentic italian food .
the food was excellent .
his prices are very reasonable .
the food is great .
it was all great .
i give it five stars .
all together a great experience .
we rented chairs and tables for our baby shower .
the people there are very friendly .
they loaded the chairs and tables into my truck .
their prices are very reasonable too .
by far the best place to rent .
easy to pick up and return .
office staff courteous , friendly and speedy .
& amazing coupon offers .
some of the best times of my life .
he is smart , and good with people .
he also has a nice staff .
i love this place !
the price is cheap and quality is wonderful .
if not , then please enjoy your chipotle !
i love this place .
everything is good here .
great place for tacos and burritos .
the portions are decent and the food is great .
i love this place !
they are reasonably priced and have excellent customer service .
really nice and very professional .
my go to cleaning spot in town .
: [ ) and she did a great job .
he looked so handsome .
and the ladies that were working were very sweet .
i will return to her .
really knows her stuff very good personality to boot .
just make it look cute . "
i love how it looks !
anyway , sandy gives the best fade ever !
carla did a great job .
a super cut , and i'll be back .
always has best customer service .
for the price you pay i love this place .
they also have really tasty wonton soup .
i love you golden dragon !
the food was great for the price .
they had great prices and good food .
very friendly , accommodating staff .
will definitely order from them again soon !
for the price i highly recommend them .
ribs , are okay , not amazing but solid .
dinner special is absolutely amazing !
went here tonight & was pleasantly surprised .
great price , great food , great secret spot !
i mean a heavy duty power washer is recommended !
this place is a godsend !
one of the best kept secrets in vegas .
one of my favorite places for chinese .
salt and pepper shrimp is wonderful .
chicken fried rice is amazing !
i absolutely love this place !
great food , fast delivery , very friendly people !
now i want to order from them right now !
food is decent for what you pay .
delicious , inexpensive and fast .
i will definitely come back again for more !
over all service and food is great !
very good food in a casual setting .
i love the ayce concept because i like variety .
also the salt and pepper shrimp was very good .
hardworking , friendly staff .
it's clean and quiet .
honestly , silence is so golden .
staff was helpful and friendly .
so overall , i had a great experience .
the stores are always clean and organized !
toys seasonal house hold items pretty good .
it's always clean , they hire very nice people .
do yourself a favor and check it out !
forever loves this place !
i love this petco !
she answered all of our questions .
staff is always friendly & knowledgable .
he knows all & likes sharing his knowledge .
the staff was absolutely amazing .
they made sure she was comfortable and cared for .
they did a fabulous job with her .
very compassionate and loving to our puppy .
tony is the best !
friendly management and people .
this is the best breakfast in town .
everything cooked fresh and in big portions .
deserves all five stars !
we had two burgers that were really good .
i recommend this place !
excellent food & service .
best breakfast we've had in the four days .
this place has great food at great prices .
our servers were really friendly and attentive .
great food , great service .
great food , reasonable pricing , and great service !
this is a hidden gem waiting to be discovered !
french fries are very good !
check it out when your hungry and on go .
what a pleasant surprise !
i will be back !
fantastic food and service !
everyone friendly and greet you when walking in !
delicious food , great service .
tasty breakfast in an odd location .
service was great , staff were friendly !
but the breakfast is my favorite there .
highly recommend this place !
the service was excellent .
everyone was very attentive and smiling .
i highly recommend that you check it out !
excellent place to eat .
this is a hidden treasure in the vegas area .
definitely worth checking out !
affordable price with outstanding foods .
i love this place !
the staff is friendly and great .
i loved my pedicure experience and will be returning !
the girls who did our pedicures were great .
great place for all you're mani and pedi needs .
my nails always look amazing !
this place is great !
huge portions , great service and awesome food .
make fresh salsa & guacamole tableside .
truly the best authentic mexican yet !
very spicy & meats were tender and juicy .
a truly authentic mexican joint with great lunch specials .
the food was good .
the atmosphere is great .
i really loved this place !
i would recommend this to anyone .
they were very accomodating and the food was excellent .
the margaritas were sassy !
it's the best guacamole i've ever had .
she makes it even better than the other waiters .
best mexican in las vegas .
one of my favorite vegas places .
even though its casual the service is always great .
it's fun and funky familiar mexican fair .
this is my favorite mexican restaurant in town .
great place for large groups as well .
i highly recommend it .
i love everything about this place .
awesome place , with hilarious live music .
excellent menu of traditional mexican cuisine .
i would highly recommend it .
got ta get the guac !
i ordered the machaca con huevos ; superb !
we just love , love , love it .
i love this place .
i love coming here and i love the food !
they have great coupons and always honor them !
the lunch special is a great deal as well !
this place had really friendly service .
the food came out fast and hot .
great employees , really make you feel at home .
they make fresh guacamole right there at your table !
mexican pizza is delicious .
seriously good food , and great service !
great mexican food off of the strip .
super friendly on the phone and at pickup .
that said the service was still good .
best place for real mexican food !
authentic , and great customer service .
everything was cooked really well with rich strong flavors .
all in all it was a very pleasant experience .
the best in vegas by far .
drinks are also good .
my favorite mexican food joint in town .
otherwise , service is usually pretty good overall .
its one of those must .
i love the authenticity of the decor and cuisine .
it was a blast .
it was an enjoyable experience .
the salsa is good and spicy too .
excellent food and service .
not touristy - local favorite and off the strip .
one of my favorites in vegas .
best mexican food ever !
delicious , mouth watering fajitas .
outstanding service and even better margarita 's .
so far this is good in vegas !
great mexican authentic food .
service and ambience were good .
one of our favorite mexican places in town .
good service and very good family crowd .
it's very delicious and highly recommended .
will definitely be back .
so they have great service .
i will i back again and bring friends .
i love love love this place !
great authentic mexican restaurant .
wonderfully authentic mexican food !
nice live music , great family feel .
this place is super awesome !
the service was great !
the food was absolutely on point .
order the shrimp fajitas and they were delicious !
drinks were amazing and at a reasonable price !
homemade tortillas were delicious !
ugh loved it here !
would highly recommend this restaurant to my friends !
this is my favorite mexican spot in las vegas .
next , you'll notice the appetizer soup is flavorful .
i love this place !
we'll recommend this place for sure .
they know good food .
this is my favorite mexican restaurant in las vegas .
good enchiladas , rice and beans .
everything about this place was amazing !
parking lot is huge , but it's always packed .
you'll see why , on your first visit .
homemade tortillas are sooo good .
get the fundido , it's in the classic style .
came here to eat and relax with my girlfriend .
i will be back again !
the tacos were really good .
i definitely want to come back here again .
the staff was also friendly .
great service and food as always .
the tortillas both corn and flour are made fresh .
real authentic mexican food .
steak cilantro was amazing .
totally worth the short wait .
i recommend this to anyone who likes mexican food .
very delicious restaurant with great service .
i came here for dinner once .
their carne asada was really good and guacamole amazing .
definitely worth a visit !
i really like the food here .
overall solid choice for mexican , i'll be back .
we celebrated my birthday with fajitas and margaritas !
they were made perfectly !
i really like the food here .
the staff is really nice and attentive .
agua frescas were good .
omg i'm in love with this place .
chips and salsa are outstanding as is the guacamole .
vibe is great and waitstaff are wonderful .
i will definitely be back !
the service here is just excellent !
absolutely the best mexican food in las vegas !
all around great time !
this restaurant is worth the drive !
this is a great place for lunch .
mexican people is very positive , friendly and funny !
food is delicious and atmosphere is super romantic !
i recommend this place to any and everyone .
the best mexican food i have ever eaten .
love the live music on the weekend .
my experience here with my family was outstanding .
go here , please .
cheap , yummy , fun , great service !
it was absolutely delicious .
another favorite of mine .
overall great food , nice atmosphere and friendly staff .
the menu is large and the drinks are strong .
definite a solid place to check out .
it was really good .
it also came with your choice of tortillas .
well , dry those tears !
very nice place for lunch !
fast service , great food and awesome employees .
i definitely found it here .
the whole family was pleased .
best soup , drinks , food , everything .
we loved this place !
the service was spectacular !
the food was unique and delicious .
good food and great portions .
great authentic mexican food and environment .
this place have really good & authentic mexican food !
one of the most interesting men in the world !
friendly and entertaining waiter .
hands down best mexican in las vegas !
food & service is always great .
staff is super happy & on point .
the flavor was great !
service was very fast efficient and friendly .
get a free margarita when you check-in on yelp !
the food is on on point !
she had the cilantro chicken and it was great .
will definitely be back .
great filling lunch specials too .
highly recommend this place !
amazing flavor and a very large portion .
it's well worth a stop .
it was very delicious as well .
will definitely go there again !
the food is terrific as well .
i love this place !
if you go there , be prepared to eat !
my favorite mexican restaurant in town !
make sure you try the fresh made guacamole !
the mole was killer .
they all make you feel so welcomed .
juan is my absolute favorite server !
their birthday surprises are the best !
great authentic mex place !
well worth the visit if you're in vegas !
margaritas are very good !
excellent service , excellent service , excellent food .
been enjoying this place for years !
delicious mexican food with an authentic feeling environment .
it's definitely one of the top places in town .
this place is the real deal !
the shrimp tacos were fantastic !
great place to eat !
you'll keep coming back for more !
this place is awesome !
the food is great !
the people are great and its always fun !
love the food here !
one of the best mexican in town hands down .
otherwise highly recommended for good authentic mex .
delicious chicken fajitas , fresh and tasty shrimp ceviche .
this restaurant is amazing !
the guacamole is a must .
great ambiance , friendly staff , and incredible food .
the kids loved everything .
our first time here .
loved the bean dip and salsa .
cilantro steak was delicious .
consistently good food , decent prices , friendly service .
this is a nice restaurant for all occasions !
the enchiladas were great and the service was outstanding .
will definitely come back when i am in town .
our favorite mexican restaurant of all time .
i've tried about everything and loved it .
everything was amazing from the service to the food .
the food was delicious .
it was so worth the money .
great food , good service , great margaritas .
its really mexican food in a great ambiance .
the service is a1 .
great place to eat !
overall it was amazing !
amazing food and experience !
the food was great and the service was exceptional !
we will def be back !
this place has an authentic mexican vibe to it .
great place to have a birthday dinner !
my lunch was delicious !
the pasta soup they serve is so tasteful .
the margaritas are so delicious .
the personal is so friendly .
we checked in and received a free margarita .
the service is great !
food is great and service is fast !
awesome guacamole made to order tableside !
chips with salsa and beans are complimentary !
they came with rice and beans .
the staff was so friendly and welcoming .
best mexican restaurant hands down !
the fresh guacamole made at the table was delicious .
they're very satisfying here .
also , the service was really good .
this place never disappoints !
same friendly faces all the time .
definitely a customer for life !
service is always quick and friendly !
great place to dine with friends !
definitely will come back when in las vegas again .
prices are very reasonable .
consistently good food and lively atmosphere .
this is my favorite mexican restaurant !
hostess was beautiful and helpful .
waiter was fast and always on top of everything .
cheesecake burrito was a new dessert worth trying .
we always leave happy and satisfied .
found this place on accident while in vegas !
so happy i did !
we will definitely be going back when on vegas !
this dish is full of flavor , very tasty .
the crab legs were also tasty .
the cilantro steak was amazing .
it's a little pricey but worth it .
fun atmosphere and the best margaritas !
great food all around and great margaritas .
fantastic , authentic mexican food .
he is friendly , efficient and amusing .
i highly recommend this place .
i'm happy and full !
great place for vegetarians .
great and friendly staff .
we will be recommending to friends and family .
great food and fun atmosphere .
they also offer a good selection of vegetarian options .
this is my favorite mexican restaurant in las vegas .
she knows what we want without us ordering !
well worth a trip !
best food in town !
would love to eat here again .
the food was delicious .
it also was really good for a larger group .
definitely the best mexican food in vegas .
their salsa is fresh and delicious .
this place is delicious !
the food was amazing .
definitely worth checking out !
complimentary chips and salsa of course is the best .
the food and service were impeccable .
carne asada plate was excellent .
the meat was cooked well .
amazing mexican food and service !
authentic mexican food and very friendly environment !
great lunch specials and good service .
their food was amazing !
so glad this place is close to my job !
i love this place .
the food is consistently good .
very authentic and well prepared meals .
i liked the chill atmosphere .
authentic feel from the ambience to the servers .
dishes are large and full of maximum flavor .
seriously , a+ guys .
very cute little restaurant .
we sat the bar , very clean .
while others were getting served right away .
it's always packed hit the service is great .
i really enjoyed a much needed michelada as well !
i love the locals vibe .
the bar is fantastic !
everything was fresh and delicious !
will definitely be back !
the food was delicious with really good portions .
the atmosphere was good and the service was decent .
great guacamole made at the table .
amazing food , great atmosphere , fair prices .
this place has great tasting classic mexican dishes .
the menu is amazing .
great service and wonderful tasting food at its finest .
the service was phenomenal and very attentive !
i will definitely be coming back soon !
consistently good mexican food .
very good food and great portion : price ratio .
everything else tastes wonderful !
great staff , food and experience !
found our new favorite spot .
homemade fresh flour tortillas , too !
i highly recommend it !
the waitress was friendly and efficient .
excellent food , excellent service and great atmosphere !
great service and hot food .
me and my family are regulars here .
this is the best sauna in vegas !
good pricing , patient and very good staff !
i would recommend this place !
super friendly and under new management !
they had a nice employees and treat you well .
but i'm pretty happy with what was served .
i highly recommend them to anyone .
and they throw one helluva party .
and they throw one helluva party .
i highly recommend this place .
the work is top notch and fair .
auto pro offers great service at a great price .
i will definitely go back .
i went to auto pro after reading reviews .
estimates are spot on with what you are charged .
a good business model - reasonable and honest .
they handled it very professional .
i truly apologize for that .
plus the support team is awesome .
but , it's worth the search .
i was happily surprised how good the pizza was .
i thought that was pretty cool !
i really liked the garlic knots .
we will definitely be back .
they have good affordable food .
my food was delivered fast and tasty .
great pizza cooked to perfection .
i will definitely be back !
great food , great service , affordable !
highly recommend stopping by if you're in the area .
great deal and the crew there were really nice .
great food especially the wings .
they make food like back ny .
i will definitely order form you again .
yummy yummy love this place !
this pizza is awesome .
will definitely order again !
thank you vinny for making our trip memorable !
on time and a great attitude !
two thumbs way up !
wow super great pizza and wings !
very fresh and reasonably priced .
great crust , cheese !
best pizza i've had in a very long time !
the house salad was fresh and crisp too .
the handmade onion rings are crispy and delicious .
but the food has always arrived hot and fresh .
the delivery staff are always friendly .
i love this place !
the pizzas , calzone and wings are so good .
this is our new pizza spot !
true new york style pizza and a terrific owner .
good ny style pizza .
the pizza here is delicious !
well we were all pleasantly surprised .
the owner vinny was very friendly and welcoming .
the smell and taste is amazing !
it was still hot and delicious .
pretty much the best pizza i've ever had .
they are super fast .
each delivery driver has been very kind as well .
my guys loved it too .
great pizza , great little place .
got the pepperoni with onions and it was great .
the patty was thick and juicy .
restaurant quality burgers at fast food prices .
him being from nyc , the pizza was fantastic !
wow is all i can say .
prices are great and the pizza is even better !
vinny is awesome and super nice to chat with .
best pizza in las vegas .
we ordered the basil pesto and meat lovers .
vinny is a " cool " guy .
definitely will be coming back again .
thee best ribs in las vegas !
thanks to yelp we found this hidden gem .
i got a hamburger and it was delicious !
authentic new york style pizza from vinny !
the most amazing pizza crust hands down !
we will definitely be ordering again and again !
the best little hidden vegas secret !
everything you order is fantastic .
one of the best pizza i have ever had .
the service it's great !
and it's very clean !
the owner it's very friendly !
good job guys thank you !
found this place on yelp .
very nice reception and helped explain the large menu .
the pizzas and bbq sauce were fantastic .
i really recommend this place .
most importantly , the food is great !
luckily , the pizza was fantastic .
the pie here was delicious !
the owner was very nice and accommodating .
the place is tiny , but cozy & clean .
now that 's customer service !
pick up deals are great !
the pizza was great !
price was super reasonable .
really good recommend giving it a try .
a pretty solid hole in the wall pizza place .
their ranch is also pretty top notch .
definitely check this place out !
excellent pizza , stromboli , ribs and wings !
i will return again and again !
best pizza i've had in vegas .
we will definitely be back .
freshest ingredients , great service and a welcome attitude .
trust me on this ; vinny is the best .
i loved everything about this place .
very small charming pizza joint .
found this place thanks to my fellow yelpers .
super nice guys also !
love their carryout special .
so that 's a pretty good deal .
the pizza is above average .
this place is fantastic !
the food is excellent .
the food was nice and hot .
and the cheesecake was really good .
i would highly recommend food from here .
delicious sauce and crust .
they even vent the box !
the owner is super nice and friendly too !
best pizza in town !
vinny is the man !
and will keep coming back .
vinny provides a ny pizza experience .
cheese and sauce excellent .
and he sells by the slice !
great italian people and awesome food !
will definitely be back our next trip to vegas .
found it close to work .
cheesesteaks are also a delicious bite here .
available a few ways and fresh and mouthwatering .
very fast and friendly service !
great pizza at a great piece !
definitely making this a regular lunch spot !
probably my new favorite spot for pizza !
employees are super nice .
always taking care of you .
just had a great experience here !
strongly recommend this place and will definitely be back !
food and service was awesome !
loved the cheese steak and pizza .
great pizza and great service .
vinny and his pizza are both classic new york .
this is the best ny style pizza in vegas !
great family feel little pizza shop .
they even have homemade ranch that is great !
wonderful experience from start to finish !
food was delicious and fresh .
customer service was spectacular !
i thought that was a very nice touch .
great spot in vegas !
they've only got two tables inside .
everything we had was amazing !
the pizza is perfect !
light crunchy crust , the sauce is spot on !
we will definitely be back.
i absolutely love this place !
the food is delicious and the ingredients are fresh !
i will definitely be back !
portion size is great as well !
vinny was a very helpful and gracious host .
the pizza was spot on .
the best pizza in las vegas !
such a great decision !
this is the best ny style pizza in vegas .
the owner vinny is one of a kind .
this place will not disappoint !
we're locals and love it !
best i've ever had !
the wings were amazing !
awesome food and service .
the pizza is perfect !
fried chicken & cheesecake are also amazing .
this place is awesome .
the price is good for sure i'll be back !
kids and hubby loved pizza .
we all enjoyed the fries that came with gyro .
wings were pretty good .
the food was great !
engaged in a great conversation .
great conversation with vinny .
ernesto is very kind .
thanks ernesto & jose !
ernesto is the best .
very honest , fast , knowledgeable and fair .
good dude that 'll treat you better than fair .
i'm a happy customer !
please give a chance to small businesses !
ernesto and his stuff are great !
as good as it gets .
they were easy to talk to and very helpful .
i would highly recommend this place !
this is one auto service that is for real .
so happy to have found ernesto 's !
first off very friendly on the telephone .
best nissan mechanic in las vegas !
i would highly recommend him !
and i will return again .
it turned out to be a great locals spot .
it's a classic bar in grill with awesome food .
the pizza is excellent !
everything was really good !
this used to be favorite bar in vegas !
i will return with respect !
the burgers are incredibly juicy and full of flavor .
great omelet this am .
we met some really cool locals .
staff is friendly and laid back .
had onion rings , were very good .
this will definitely be our new hangout .
great bartenders with the best bar food in town .
this place is awesome !
i will definitely be coming back here .
the steaks cooked to perfection !
mmmm yum yes i say as always !
just a great place .
i strongly recommend it .
- corona light on tap , which was cool .
billy c. was great !
very nice and attentive .
great service and great food .
this will definitely become my new local spot !
go check it out !
definitely recommend this place to everyone .
the food is amazing .
the customer service is great !
great find on a trip to lv .
enjoyed a rib-eye steak with extra veggies .
steak was cooked perfectly medium rare as ordered .
but i do very well on the machines there .
my new favorite go to bar !
perfectly cooked , perfectly seasoned and oh so tender .
i love the staff !
generous machines , great music , friendly .
the service are great !
thank you for taking care of us .
nothing but the best !
lived at jackson 's !
fantastic place for a low-key night out .
the food is exceptional .
the chef here is unexpectedly talented .
at my favorite spot again .
i will definitely be coming back .
way to go , jackson 's !
very friendly atmosphere great service and awesome food !
i had the best steak here !
great flavor and the size was huge !
staff was nice too !
this place was a great find .
billy and his wife tammy are amazing .
amazing prices , great atmosphere .
i will be back to see you soon !
biscuits and gravy was delicious as well .
definitely recommend this place .
i got the prime rib special .
it was very good for the price .
if you like medium rare order rare .
billy the bartender is awesome !
you'll feel right at home at this bar .
this place is all around amazing !
prime rib monday is delish !
their ribeye special and beer .
service is good and food is decent .
will come back as much as possible .
but very good food !
we also shared nacho 's .
the waitresses are friendly .
hot wings were just right and tasty .
the service was great .
the food was fantastic !
a hidden gem off of flamingo and jones .
ribeye burgers are so good !
this is the spot !
food is amazing service is the best !
huge portions of food & fun service !
seriously these guys but the goods into their burgers !
the food is good and so is the service .
the owner , brian , is awesome too !
great bang for your bucks for food .
i'm so excited to see the final product !
fantastic workmanship and customer service !
stylist brenda was very friendly , attentive and professional .
will definitely return for her attention .
i am very pleased with how this turned out .
she got all the hard to reach places .
my clothes are always well done .
definitely worth checking out .
their marketing team kinda sucks .
dim sum is great .
other dishes are pretty good .
good god , this place is amazing .
the must be that good .
it's very much worth it though .
great dim sum , great prices and friendly service .
this is our family spot !
keep up the good work !
the dim sum is delicious .
i love this place !
it sure is yummy !
price was decent too .
will go back for sure !
hard to believe yet true !
food was great & service was very attentive .
this place is great !
the prices are decent too .
best dim sum i've had in years .
selection is huge and vegetables fresh .
great service , attentive but not pushy .
besides the service , their dinner was delicious .
good food , moderate service , great price .
i love me sum !
these was pretty good .
fried buns are excellent though .
another nice place for quality and reasonably priced dimsum .
the dimsum was good nonetheless .
this is a locals place .
we recommend and will return .
good dim sum in las vegas .
it was so wonderful to have such a variety .
their prices are really reasonable and food tastes authentic .
i can definetely recommend this place .
the place was packed and service was good.
went with my wife and kid dimsum were good.
i dont know the name but it was delicious !
changs really does a wonderful job .
tofu flower is good dessert .
the food was good and the experience fun .
good variety of food served too .
the food is always super hot and fresh .
but is it fairly good and reasonable ?
owners leo and helen chang , very nice !
solid dim sum place .
nothing fancy , but good reliable dim sum .
food taste so fresh !
shrimp fried rice is amazing !
i must say its freaking good !
this is a must eat place for dim sum !
that 's how good this restaurant is .
nice dim sum restaurant .
the best dim sum anywhere !
food is pretty good and service is fast .
greatest dim sum in las vegas .
prices are very reasonable .
and i love the food .
however , chang 's was a pleasant surprise .
this is chinese fast food at it's best .
the price is right .
pretty good dim sum menu .
this place was surprisingly good .
good place to go .
not the best , but good .
the service was great and the staff was friendly .
it was perfectly cooked tender crisp .
other than that , the place is fantastic .
pretty good service which is a little surprising .
dim sum was really good .
the dim sum is pretty good .
best chinese food in town !
i love their food !
mongolian beef is exceptionally good !
good luck and pleasant dining !
service is better than most .
dim sum is good .
chang 's is good .
good morning dim sum !
good place to eat out in lv .
i love that they have push carts .
definitely come here again .
now that speaks volumes .
good tea , yummy food , attentive service .
it's all tasty and easy to chew !
employees are actually smiling .
their rolled bean curd was also very good .
great , great dim sum .
friendly , fast service .
this place is awesome !
i will definitely be back !
service was really good here !
will definitely come back when around vegas !
love the food here .
the food was still good and satisfying .
staff was so nice and helpful !
we will definitely be back on a regular !
i thought the food was pretty good .
very much enjoyed it .
btw trying the shrimp noodle rolls is a must !
chang 's offers great service , great food .
prices are decent , service was good .
my favorite is the sweet tofu dessert .
definitely will come back .
this was a good yelp review discovery .
the service was fast and food tasty .
overall : definitely will come back for the food .
good variety including some less common dishes .
will definitely be back .
they have always had excellent to good service here .
new spot to eat and at a great price !
the food was tasty and price point reasonable .
by far the best chinese food in town .
decent chinese from a huge menu at fair prices .
this place has really good dim sum .
also , the walnut shrimp was amazing !
good deal for the amount of food you get .
really good dim sum and excellent service .
decent representative of traditional chinese food outside of chinatown .
good authentic chinese dim sum .
this place is always packed when i come here .
it was delicious and not busy .
food here is great .
it's always quiet and clean inside the dining area .
i had a great breakfast here today .
good service and good food .
an authentic feast to savor .
the prices are very reasonable .
best thai food in vegas .
yes u can request your spice level !
the workers are soo friendly & nice .
i love their more traditional items .
the food is very authentic .
this place is legit !
great service , great food !
the people are very friendly - awesome !
i love this place so much !
their lunch specials are great !
staff is very friendly and food comes out fast !
okay first time here .
and they manage to serve us quick and delicious .
the best pad thai i've ever had .
the dishes here are consistently good .
the price is fair .
nice atmosphere , friendly staff , good food .
food was so good and prices are reasonable .
thai spice is one of my favorite restaurants .
great food & service .
this place was great .
the service was definitely awesome .
and it was definitely spiced well .
this is my new favorite thai place !
just try this place , you'll enjoy it !
service was good and the food came out quick .
glad i found it .
the owner kitty definitely knows what she is doing !
always eat my lunch here .
really friendly service , always on point .
they were piping hot and freshly made .
come here for some great authentic thai food !
my favorite thai restaurant in las vegas .
it tastes like real authentic thai food .
the servers are also really nice and friendly .
if you're in the area definitely check it out !
love love love this place !
the flavors in the food are exceptional !
the green curry chicken was also very good .
our waitress was nice .
it was tender and delicious .
this place is the real deal authentic thai food .
friendly service and great food .
paired with fresh young coconut really sealed the deal .
good thai for las vegas .
clean , nice atmosphere , very good staff .
food quality was great !
i recommend this place !
food & prices are awesome !
and excellent , friendly service .
well this was a very simple smog check .
chris was super nice and funny !
i just know the pizza 's are always excellent !
their cheese pizza is outstanding .
their italian wedding soup is excellent !
this is our go-to for delivery .
the delivery drivers are always friendly !
love their thin crispy crust and delicious sauce !
i am from ny and enjoy my pizza .
try it i'm sure you will agree .
the entire crew made us feel welcome !
i'm loving the pasta with alfredo and bacon .
huge chunks of bacon .
delivery is usually pretty quick .
everyone loves great pizza !
i highly recommend this location : ) !
rosa is definitely my go-to girl !
easily the best pizza in las vegas .
it's awesome and always packed .
it's worth the wait though .
overall , we thought it was good .
my favorite pizza in vegas .
the pizza is pricey , but its worth it .
great place with lots of specials and great people .
beautiful golden crust , crisp and chewy .
very tasty combination of flavors service was solid .
same great service , same great menu tonight .
it was served with spicy marinara sauce .
both great choices for both flavor and presentation .
the food is excellent and well priced .
did it again , metro is the best food !
grimaldi 's is 2nd for ny slice .
i love this pizza !
definitely would recommend this place .
metro pizza is the best pizza in las vegas .
i could eat a dozen of them !
this place was amazing .
i'm definitely going to be a regular here .
the meatball sliders are awesome !
the meal started with fresh warm bread !
the pizza was quite good .
wide variety of toppings to satisfy everyone .
best pizza in vegas .
the garlic knots are the best i've ever had .
the best pizza in las vegas .
this is a local favorite .
it's a vegas pizza favorite with some friends .
its loaded with great toppings and it taste perfect .
excellent service from seating to eating .
that was part of the fun !
i got the pepperoni pizza and it was good .
great marinara , and awesome thin crust pizza .
will come back plenty more times ; ) .
i love metro pizza !
always on point and great service .
will order again from these guys !
the shrimp and feta calzone is delicious .
i added spinach and it was huge .
the marinara was full of flavor .
simply one of the best pizzas put together !
the food and pizza is good but definitely pricey .
toppings are plentiful and yummy !
the service was good as well .
the buffalo wings were excellent .
we will order again , however !
their sauce is the best .
the staff remembers you and is very friendly .
this is the best in vegas pizza !
the pizza is good but i feel it's overpriced .
great pizza at a really good value .
the most amazing pizza ever !
best pizza you can get delivered in lv !
the both of the pizzas were very good .
great place for the family .
the kids loved it .
we have moved to spring valley near metro pizza .
delivery was pretty quick and food was hot !
the calzone sauce was very flavorful !
definitely happy with metro !
metro pizza is my favorite !
my family and i will keep coming back !
just all around a great place !
the crust was good .
it was pretty quick and hot .
the cheesecake was super awesome as well !
its open late n i love eating late !
good pizza very different definitely coming back soon !
i recommend this place .
great place to eat .
i loved the sauce on the pizza .
the pizza was fantastic .
i liked the milkshakes .
excellent pizza and great service .
very happy with service and food .
my favorite pizza spot in las vegas .
i highly recommend the garlic knots !
thanks again , metro pizza !
great ingredients and the wings were great too .
will be fun for family .
will definitely dine in or out again .
pizza was soooooo good !
the best pizza i have ever had !
it's the best treat ever !
the food was so tasty .
loved it i'll defiantly be back .
it's inexpensive and very entertaining !
the tickets prices were amazing .
what great talent we have in our town !
love this little theater !
great shows great people great location !
you can see everything .
this is very far from the truth .
this place is a hidden gem !
we saw avenue q , and it was amazing !
the actors are wonderful !
the stage scenery is always amazing .
they are very knowledgable and helpful .
best in las vegas !
very professional , very reliable and very affordable .
keep up the good work !
this company is excellent , especially in las vegas .
however , we had a good experience .
he is funny and very knowledgable about vision .
i actually have fun going to the eye doctor .
very friendly and knowledgeable staff !
many options to fit your personal style !
talk about a huge selection .
the variety of tile is outstanding .
he's very nice and personal .
his staff is very friendly too .
i highly recommend smile designers .
dr d is the best .
best dentist in las vegas by far !
the front lady was very nice .
the office is very nice inside .
book an appointment with smile designers lv .
i will keep it sweet and simple .
my experience was amazing as always !
my favorite dentist in the world .
they are all top notch .
great service and knowledgable staff .
thank you for taking care of my clients !
i would recommend them to anyone in pain !
amazing place and great dr. !
clean office , very organized .
excellent doctor and staff !
great food , nice atmosphere .
a perfect place for a date .
the decor is intimate and beautiful .
i still dream about the mushroom ravioli here .
this is really authentic delicious italian food .
very attentive and nice servers .
it's that kind of place .
authentic italian food , great service .
best restaurant in vegas imo .
the food is still amazing .
what a delightful restaurant .
the tiramisu is amazing .
great service and good food !
i enjoyed my entree very much .
totally exceeded all of our expectations .
exceptional food and equally exceptional service .
their ravioli 's were simply amazing .
seriously the best italian food in america .
walter did a fantastic job !
the ladies in your party will appreciate it !
it was a great dining experience .
i really enjoyed them .
the chopped salad was the best i've ever had .
the new location is great .
food is really good .
the food was outstanding and the service was too !
fabulous service and wonderful bar drinks .
best salad ive ever eaten .
this place was great .
best osso bucco ever .
great all around food but a bit overpriced .
the best food i've had in las vegas .
service is great for a late night place !
nice atmosphere and bar !
my parents introduce me to this place .
the food was great .
good service and staff !
everything here is perfect .
delicious food , great service , cozy ambience .
great italian food , all their pastas are homemade .
perfect location right across the street from hard rock .
great dining experience off the strip .
the wait staff was excellent and attentive .
excellent italian food no matter what you crave .
inside is a different world .
this place is amazing !
my favorite place to eat in vegas .
a+ - great all around .
service superb and food even better .
this place has a very romantic atmosphere .
their cappuccino is also very good .
thank you ferraro 's for the memorable experience !
lobster ravioli makes the trip worth it .
i love love love ferraro 's !
it was soooo good !
it was really quite memorable .
their pizzas are outstanding .
lovely misters and put put golf for the kids .
the ambience inside was warm and nicely decorated .
stay away from the strip and go here !
nice outdoor section , good atmosphere .
it tasted fresh & cooked perfectly .
surprisingly nice place close to the strip .
i had an incredible dining experience this evening .
it's a unique dining treasure .
coworker ordered the carbonara and loved it .
well worth a visit .
nice that it is off the strip too .
preston , our waiter was so patient and friendly .
the food was fantastic .
i will be honest here .
great food and atmosphere .
sophisticated and elegant atmosphere .
would recommend making a reservation .
great old school restaurant with exceptional food and service .
the fresh mushrooms were amazing in the homemade pasta .
this was a great yelp find in las vegas !
will most definately go back !
amazing italian food and first class service .
what a great experience and amazing food !
all three were just splendid !
we will definitely be back .
this is a fabulous restaurant !
my fiance got a seafood pasta and loved it .
the food was excellent , as was the service .
the setting is lovely , the food is fantastic .
everything is delicious and fresh .
fast for lunch as well .
perfect date spot too .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
great service and great food .
the restaurant on top of everything is really nice .
will now be my vegas favorite .
eric still a rock star .
the best italian in town .
everything is always wonderful here .
i would definitely recommend this restaurant .
and you all did not disappoint !
super great service and very personable .
i will definitely be back !
great authentic italian food but not the greatest service .
mozzarella in the caprese salad was fresh and delicious .
the wait help is very service oriented .
this is one of my favorites in vegas .
food is amazing , eric great server .
our favorite italian place in vegas .
the rice balls and beef carpaccio are top notch !
dinner was tasty and hot .
pasta and dessert were great .
service was professional and well timed .
they really take care of locals .
delicious is an understatement !
truly made my birthday dinner special !
incredible food , superb service , great wine list .
thank you for a great experience .
they are so delicious .
epic atmosphere and quality service .
great dinner to start the weekend .
by far one of the best experiences ever !
the food is amazing for such a reasonable price !
cannoli was a huge hit .
very nice restaurant , not in a casino .
you'll be well taken care of .
we had an amazing meal last night .
thanks for making memories for our family .
the most authentic italian restaurant in las vegas !
they always have many specials , including locals .
overall highly recommend this restaurant !
also the hospitality is amazing .
fresh , hot and timely was the food .
my guest said it was wonderful .
this was a fantastic experience .
the service was as good as the food .
family owned and operated .
great food , service and atmosphere .
very intimate and comfortable .
tasty food , and excellent service .
our server elizabeth was amazing and attentive .
our server elizabeth was very knowledgeable and friendly .
i will and we will return very soon .
great italian restaurant in vegas !
ambiance , service and food were superb !
i highly recommend the rabbit , and lobster ravioli .
food still lights out , eric still amazing .
our waiter was named wally and he was great .
i had the filet mignon and it was perfect .
definitely would eat there again .
a very pleasant experience .
i will definitely be coming back .
it was juicy , silky and seasoned perfectly .
the food was good .
my suggestion to you is a simple one .
gino and walter were absolutely fantastic .
yes , it was that good .
loved the bass and scallops and the tomato salad !
was very pleasantly surprised .
nice food music and atmosphere .
very up scale restaurant .
the calamari was cooked perfectly .
the service staff was phenomenal .
definitely worth checking out .
the bell hop told us to go here .
i would recommend this restaurant .
best italian food in town !
the service and food are impeccable !
love love love it there !
it's a must go people !
the food here is excellent .
mario and nina are the best bartenders in vegas !
i highly recommend this place .
the staff and the food are absolutely amazing !
nice place away from heavy traffic of the strip .
rich in flavor and fresh !
this is old town las vegas at its best .
once you visit you'll come again and again !
would recommend this place to anyone .
a beautiful experience every time i have dined here .
the asparagus was done perfectly as well .
super professional , polite and timely .
the food is fantastic and the service is superb .
i highly recommend this restaurant for a special occasion .
our favorite date night restaurant !
this place offers a full bar and full restaurant .
the food is very delicious .
the bread is meh !
but the food is good .
delicious food , even more delicious wine .
best dining experience i've had in las vegas .
recommend this place to everyone for any occasion !
excellent food and a wonderful environment !
i'm a local and frequent ferraro 's often .
i have always experienced excellent service and great food .
this resturant is one of a kind .
my family and i strongly recommend it .
keep up the great work .
i highly recommend ferraro 's to all my friends .
excellent service , food and wine !
ambience is amazing too !
ferraro 's is one of our favorite local restaurants .
he loves ferraro 's !
eric was an excellent waiter as was his crew !
gino is so friendly .
so good to see quality in a family restaurant .
please come to texas !
we enjoyed ferraro 's immensely while in las vegas .
great atmosphere , wonderful food , and exquisite service !
wonderful delicious food we all loved it !
great wine list too .
absolutely loved this place !
a bit pricy but well worth it .
definitely check this place out !
i had a wonderful experience there for restaurant week .
my favorite italian restaurant !
reasonable pricing if you go there during happy hour .
service is perfect - friendly and on point .
we were seated promptly and the service was excellent .
fantastic food , great environment , great service !
grass fed ribeye was phenomenal .
excellent food , excellent service .
service and food has aways been good .
this place is amazing !
the calamari was equally delicious !
man oh man was i impressed !
this place was amazing i loved everything about it .
it was truly amazing !
excellent service , excellent food !
very , very good food !
the best damn italian food on the planet .
meat are outstanding along with their beet salad !
one of the best italian restaurant in town .
thank you so much !
had a truly fantastic meal there .
little breads were nice too , served warm .
atmosphere is very pleasant and service is excellent .
we had a great time .
favorite italian restaurant in town .
love the lunch seafood platter and dinner sea bass .
guaranteed to enjoy your meal and dining experience .
a first class restuarant !
great service , superb atmosphere , delicious food !
our family night was over the top .
excellent food and great drinks .
fantastic italian hidden gem .
will definitely be back !
the food was excellent .
excellent service and excellent food .
had a great dinner .
absolutely love this place .
right across the street from the hard rock hotel .
if you are in town , you must go !
the sommelier brought out some phenomenal wine .
the hostess impressed as well .
the whole experience made us feel at home .
staff did a great job and was very attentive .
from the start it was incredible in every way .
the prices are reasonable and the food delicious .
i would recommend to anyone visiting las vegas .
the service and food were excellent .
we'll see you again very soon .
the food and the service are both exceptional .
started with the hostess being so nice .
service outstanding along either the food .
cappuccino after dinner outstanding .
really enjoyable food and service .
lots of great seafood options .
will definitely continue eating here and loving it .
always a fantastic place to eat .
great atmosphere and service .
the wine selection is fantastic .
freshly made by the owner 's wife .
wonderful italian restaurant with a homey feel to it .
the gnocchi and the ravioli was exceptional !
the service was impeccable .
fantastic appetizers , fresh pasta , incredible wine list !
came here with my wife for our anniversary .
so happy we did !
great atmosphere and a great night !
the food was amazing .
eric was our server , awesome attention to detail .
lots of appetizers which are very good .
large but comfortable restaurant and nice bar area .
it's my sister 's favorite and is absolutely wonderful .
the veal shank was juicy and perfectly seasoned .
the service is on top also .
i'll definitely will be back again .
thanks for a good dinner .
very attractive decor with a superb wine list .
amazing restaurant and even better service .
we love this place !
best service we've had in a long time .
great food , great ambiance , great service .
pasta bolognese was incredible as well .
warm atmosphere , and great menu .
this place was perfect !
nice for a mellow atmosphere and great service .
what a pleasure from start to finish !
we loved it from the moment we walked in .
food was superb and we will definitely go back .
still 1st class all the way .
make that mmmmm great !
i would highly recommend this restaurant .
other then that i enjoyed my dinner .
this is the best place i've ever eaten at .
gino is the nicest person to meet .
flavors were very clean and fresh .
excellent live music duo on a tuesday night ?
thanks for wonderful evening .
i highly recommend it .
the pistachio passion dessert was delicious !
this place is grand slam .
the wine selection is perfect .
good food , excellent service .
my customers loved it !
she was incredibly charming and knowledgable .
the food was delicious !
plus , the service was awesome !
enjoyed ferraro 's lunch special today !
and the atmosphere is comfortably elegant .
what an incredible find the service was excellent .
this restaurant is very very good .
the service was wonderful .
what an incredible find the service was excellent .
very good italian food restaurant near the airport .
inside is very beautiful and the food is delicious .
the wine selection is just incredible .
i've been here twice now .
i had a fabulous experience !
we will definitely be back !
thanks so much eric !
consistent and fairly priced for the product .
this restaurant has a wonderful atmosphere .
i'll definitely come back here !
min is the artist and she does outstanding work .
i loved min and her assistants !
fast , easy , professional .
i love coming to min 's .
it is so much better than i expected .
i am very , very happy with the results .
i look totally natural .
min is very professional and accommodating .
her assistant is very sweet and pleasant .
the front desk staff was very nice and kind .
min did an excellent job .
best facial i've ever had .
love love loved it .
this is an amazing studio !
i highly recommend this company .
super easy to get the bulbs you need .
the staff is helpful and service is prompt .
the couple that runs this place are very nice .
service was friendly and helpful .
i definitely will go back .
he is good people !
very fair , reasonable and good work .
fast and honest service .
i appreciated his honesty .
high road really takes care of its customers .
the food was great and the portions are good .
eating here is always a good value .
i finally got my pie !
great for after dinner better better for breakfast .
i had a breakfast sandwich , which tasted great .
i got the pumpkin pie with whipped cream .
i walked out of that restaurant so full !
they know how to treat customers .
this place is great .
i got the linguine calamari and it was fantastic .
attentive service and overall good experience .
definitely worth a visit !
the atmosphere is perfect .
the prices are great and so is the calamari !
service was pretty good and the food was excellent .
both dishes were very good .
the spaghetti with the chicken was very good .
i really liked their red sauce .
the crowd was very hip , young and fun .
overall , pretty good .
the cannolis and the chocolate cake were great too .
a great place in las vegas .
down home and offering quality restaurants at reasonable prices .
this place is the best italian in las vegas !
my boyfriend and i love this place !
great food locals place check it out !
the food , service and quality are all wonderful .
great food , wine and reasonable .
the ambiance is pure magical .
this is an excellent restaurant .
the service is always very good .
the food is delicious .
nice to eat where the locals eat .
i love this restaurant !
i loved my baked ziti and the garlic bread .
the best antipasto salad !
it is always packed .
great atmosphere , prices , and food .
i am a very pleased customer .
the waitstaff is always very friendly and attentive .
food is great here and very reasonably priced .
their dishes are a good size and flavorful .
the sauce was fantastic .
the desserts are good , too .
i love nora 's .
the food is always excellent .
what a great restaurant .
good service , quality food , and nice atmosphere .
i got the baked ziti , which was great .
great food , thanks for a good meal .
i will come back here again !
bartender , excellent service .
as good as it gets !
the bartenders are cool .
pasta nora is my favorite dish .
good selection of wine as well .
the flavors are great and very rich .
pros : the food tasted good , prepared well .
cons : the dessert was frozen solid .
perfectly cooked shrimp scampi .
this place is a terrific value .
older crowd that is mellow and happy .
i love this place .
as good as it gets in vegas .
the garlic bread is fantastic .
freshly filled to order .
the staff was very attentive , and friendly .
we will definitely be back .
my favorite italian place in town .
the crazy alfredo is also very good .
what a delightful surprise .
great food and wine .
a lot of people know about this wonderful restaurant .
nora 's is worth the trip off the strip .
it has a nice atmosphere as well .
best pesto in town , hands down .
wait , best ever !
garlic bread is the best .
definitely a place be a regular !
the food is absolutely amazing .
the atmosphere and service are great .
i loved the chicken marsala too .
everything about it was just perfect .
great local spot away from the awful strip .
good date night place !
the waiters were nice and friendly .
great food and pretty reasonable considering vegas .
loved my pasta dinner and the service was great .
excellent service as well .
the food and atmosphere was a wonderful as before .
our waiter , anthony , was professional and delightful .
will explore in my future visits .
the staff is extremely friendly and entertaining .
this place is amazing !
highly recommend this restaurant .
but they're always impressed .
the food quality is good .
good quality food , good service , good prices .
good luck finding better italian food in las vegas !
roasted bell peppers , fresh lettuce and homemade dressing .
anthony @ the bar is amazing !
well that and everything else we tried .
a must for amazing authentic italian cuisine .
the steak rivals those from steak houses .
the cheese tortellini is perfection .
best italian i've probably ever had .
great atmosphere , private and romantic .
their fried calamari is amazing .
traditional italian courses galore and the service is good .
nora 's is absolutely delicious !
the service is both friendly and attentive .
great food quality for the price and excellent flavor .
italian food at its best !
we will definitely return on our next visit !
this was one of those rare occasions !
thank you , nora 's !
we had a lovely meal .
we had an extraordinary halibut dish .
service matched the food .
such an enjoyable meal .
everything is good on the menu .
definitely , a local favorite for me .
first , the service .
fortunately for nora 's the food is great .
good wine selection and full bar was another plus .
i definitely want to go back .
excellent and good priced .
so lets do it !
one of the best italian restaurants anywhere .
awesome food , wines and service !
overall : must try !
the garlic bread is the best i have had .
great service and very clean .
and bring friends because you will love it !
friendly service , beautiful romantic setting .
the food is awesome !
best pizza in town !
try the gorgonzola ribeye sandwich , it's great !
great food , great service , great prices !
the garlic bread is delicious .
he enjoyed the dish immensely .
this place is very good !
i love the gorgonzola chicken !
the antipasto is very good .
all the portion are generous .
great food and fairly priced .
quiet , comfortable , good service !
they were all delicious .
service was great and the prices were affordable .
amazing food and great atmosphere !
best vodka sauce and italian dressing i've had .
the restaurant was pretty nice and crowded .
they were both delicious .
the pesto was rich .
this is my favorite italian place !
good sized portions , very flavorful , great atmosphere .
i will definitely be returning !
easily the greatest bruschetta ever .
i will be coming back soon !
the food speaks for itself !
food was good , service was great .
pasta cooked to perfection and sauce is very tasty .
will definitely return when back in vegas .
will definitely go back .
i went last night it was great.
the best italian you'll ever have .
my favorite is their carbonara .
came here based on a friend 's recommendation .
very good food and service .
best italian in vegas .
sounds funny , but try the ribeye .
good authentic italian at a reasonable price .
will eat here again when we return to vegas !
great food and atmosphere .
nothing like it in vegas !
oh , and very cute male staff !
really delicious home-made tasting italian food .
the garlic bread is amazing .
wine is pretty good too .
i love this place .
the food is amazing .
rudy is great ( bartender . )
service was good , food was great .
really good italian food .
this place is absolutely amazing .
great food reasonably priced .
wonderful food and great service .
very busy and happy for them !
however , definitely worth it .
cannoli is he best .
still the best after all these years .
best hidden lil gem .
boyfriend brought me here for my birthday .
totally love this place !
food is wonderful , wine too !
tonight , our food was good .
found this restaurant on a recent trip to vegas .
great food and atmosphere .
i had chicken parmesan and it was the best !
service and food were both great .
you've got to give it a try !
journey on yelp peeps !
simple but delicious dishes !
great dinner and service .
we ordered the red sangria that was really fine .
overall a very nice dinner .
my goodness soooo worth the trek from the strip .
i'm still drooling thinking of the food .
i finally found a decent local italian restaurant .
that 's great customer service .
she certainly was worthy of a bigger tip !
reservations are a good idea here .
great food , friendly place and real authentic .
garlic bread is good .
best italian food in vegas !
alfredo sauce was great !
best that i have ever tasted .
the best italian restaurant in town .
my favorite angel hair with meat sauce .
food was excellent , service was pleasant .
other than that it was a good experience .
also awesome : the wait staff .
it's the best dessert you'll ever have .
food like always was perfect , service as well .
my favorite italian restaurant in vegas .
the caesar salad is terrific .
this place is delicious .
awesome atmosphere and food .
the atmosphere is very authentic .
everything we had was good !
portions are big so share !
the food here was phenomenal !
the tiramisu was perfect .
this place is one of my all time favorites .
everything about this place is amazing .
staff was excellent but the food was even better .
they absolutely loved it .
customer service was great .
oh and their red sangria is real sangria .
service was very efficient .
the food is wonderful .
tried the pizza for the first time - excellent !
good price great food !
the rigatoni was fantastic !
great evening at nora 's .
mozzarella was fresh and great flavor .
split the crazy alfredo and it was wonderful too .
perfect portion for two .
one of my favorites in town .
great service and food !
love it for date night !
wonderful food , service and atmosphere !
we will visit again and again !
best authentic italian in vegas !
great atmosphere & super attentive and friendly wait staff .
i love that they are family owned .
food came piping hot and delicious .
both of us agreed on how good it was .
the cannolis were also great and huge .
we will definitely be back !
i have been here many times .
but everything else is amazing .
brought my son and bro for first time .
as usual , best italian food around !
traditional italian dine extremely well .
that alone got my five stars !
so creamy and fulfilling .
had a great time !
food was sooo delicious !
so good we went 2x .
a hidden gem in las vegas .
food , service excellent .
garlic bread is awesome .
great service and family owned .
this is a great restaurant .
the rigatoni is my favorite .
my spouse likes their eggplant .
they are consistently good .
customer service is excellent .
great food , friendly staff and pleasant atmosphere .
i love nora 's , it's absolutely a favorite .
i love the food here well the pasta .
but the pasta is amazing .
amazing food , great staff !
food was amazing , starting with the garlic bread .
food is delicious and fresh !
cozy environment , hidden treasure .
the pastas were good .
we will definitely be back .
baked rigatoni was exceptional .
food is fantastic but service varies .
this place is very small reservation recommended .
they really could expand and still stay full .
food is so delicious it over rides any negatives .
i will be going back for more !
this is my favorite italian restaurant in las vegas .
always a must when in lv .
family owned and operated and it shows .
great classic italian cuisine !
the absolute best place in las vegas for italian !
i love this place !
excellent food and the wine is superb !
there is always a wait but for good reason .
it's like a gem in a old strip mall .
great food and pizza .
i am in love with the white pizza !
their lasagna is good .
nice cozy atmosphere and nice waiters .
definitely among the best service i've had .
this place is a hidden gem !
great little italian restaurant away from the strip .
nora 's is a good place for italian food .
the food is consistently good .
on the downside : it's kind of a dive .
great go-to spot for reliable , well-priced food .
the garlic knots are my favorite .
they have good happy hour deals .
best italian food in vegas !
the food portions were good .
the service and attentiveness was excellent .
the price was very reasonable .
the taste of the food was excellent !
one of the very best in town .
the waitress was very attentive .
this place is amazing !
the sausage was really great !
both tasty and spicy .
lunch is most suitable for business .
i crave it at times .
my favorite italian restaurant in las vegas .
great quality and affordable !
full bar available w/ many unique cocktails .
place was packed , and everything was wonderful !
olives for an appetizer : loved those .
service is always great and the food is awesome .
the veal and salad lunch special was great .
great friends , dinner , music and dancing .
located in a strip mall north of strip .
fantastic local , authentic italian restaurant .
free cannoli on my anniversary really made our evening .
they got us right in .
it was all delicious !
the menu is good and the price is fair .
fantastic calamari you have to try .
the pasta servings are very generous and incredibly tasty .
my entire family loves this place .
they have an excellent wine selection as well .
always great atmosphere , wonderful service and authentic food .
the food was delicious !
we loved the food .
if you love italian food you'll love nora 's !
everything was so good .
one of my favorite italian restaurant in vegas .
they also have sangria !
nora 's is amazing !
the warm chocolate cake is also a must have !
all i can really say is wow !
we love this restaurant .
best italian food ever .
the atmosphere was decent .
great great pizza at a fair price !
wonderful pleasant hostesses and terrific service staff .
the service is excellent and very attentive .
had the antipasto salad and it was delicious .
the scampi was great .
thank you nora 's italian cuisine !
that definitely hit the spot !
everything i've had here is so good .
the service was excellent and everybody was very attentive .
definitely try this place .
i just devoured another excellent pizza !
the lasagna and other pasta dishes are delicious .
it did not disappoint !
the service was wonderful and the food was great .
the experience is always delightful !
what a great find off the strip !
excellent food reasonably priced .
a great meal , and great staff and service .
this was a great find through yelp !
the sangria a must !
snow white pizza with alfredo sauce so good .
the food is fantastic !
excellent musical choices to round out the atmosphere !
the ambiance here is amazing .
the food is absolutely delicious .
also had good spinach sauted with garlic .
service was professional yet friendly .
a really nice break from the strip .
always loved this place .
i love this place !
the wine was perfectly selected !
the whole experience was great !
they have the best selection and a great atmosphere .
the garlic bread basket is so tasty as well .
favorite italian restaurant in vegas .
always consistent and love the staff .
i did enjoy my soup & bread .
my plate was amazing i finished every last bit .
they won me over .
i would highly recommend a reservation for dinner !
food is excellent and atmosphere was excellent .
my wife and i love this place .
great food , drinks , atmosphere and service .
amazing food , amazing service .
it's a hidden gem .
the food is always delicious !
my friends and i colored the entire table top .
we really loved it .
our server was lovely .
: ) : ) it was really sweet .
good service and vey good food .
i get it every time and it's always amazing .
i love this restaurant .
price is very reasonable servers are friendly and nice .
but it's locals favorites .
one of the best italian restaurants in vegas !
their bread and service were remarkable as well !
really solid italian food at reasonable prices .
pretty good and consistent .
they use good tomatoes which i appreciate .
i liked the pizza i ordered .
the garlic bread was also delicious .
the food is excellent as is the service .
it's a homey place great for the whole family .
and the espresso is wonderful , too .
the veal parmigiana with spaghetti is great as well !
someone please help them !
great italian food and not pricey at all .
we ate at nora 's last night .
customer service was excellent .
best we've ever had !
the crust was crisp and flaky .
the service is great !
the food is very good and a nice atmosphere .
great place , classic vibe !
worthy of the best of vegas awards .
a taste of growing up in vegas .
came with my parents for a quick lunch .
this place have the best pizza in town !
i keep taking my friends there .
the service was excellent and the portions were huge .
real , authentic , italian dishes !
another local vegas gem hidden in a strip mall !
the atmosphere is exciting .
the drinks are great .
the food is absolutely amazing .
everything was great enjoyed it all !
definitely will be back soon !
i love this place .
excellent veal dish tonight for dinner !
service was top notch !
and such friendly classy service .
excellent food as always .
pricey but worth it .
everything else even the diet coke was very good .
once he came over everything was impeccable .
wow , i was impressed by the service !
excellent portions and flavors .
best italian food i've had in years .
reviews are spot on !
the veal and salmon delicious .
food and service was excellent .
first time visit and will definitely go back .
we will return next time we are in town .
the food was amazing as always !
new favorite italian spot !
he is very picky .
i am so happy .
my favorite italian restaurant ever !
family owned and intimate .
the food is ridiculously good .
great authentic italian cuisine !
again , all great choices .
the tiramisu was amazing !
best i've ever had !
nice bar , good food , low-key vibe .
thanks to yelp , found this wonderful restaurant .
it is simply marvelous !
the most delicious italian cuisine i have ever tasted !
the mozzarella and tomatoes were fresh .
service was better than average .
started out with a antipasto salad -- amazing .
food was very good , and pricing reasonable .
it was real authentic east coast italian .
the service was impeccable .
wonderful service , yummy food , great atmosphere .
favorite spot in vegas for italian food .
staff is always polite and knowledgable .
love the atmosphere and the food are awesome !
it was so amazing .
complimentary garlic bread is solo good .
nora 's is delicious !
thanks to everyone there !
all of it was great !
the antipasto salad is one of the best .
a treat for sure .
the best italian food i've ever had .
has the crazy alfredo it's amazing !
this is a great neighborhood gem .
everything here is good .
the crazy alfredo is my favorite .
it's worth the wait .
the garlic bread , one word : amazing .
i ordered the baked rigatoni and , just wow .
i devoured the whole thing !
great fresh and well prepared food .
this place is very good !
it was very good food .
one of the best italian restaurants i've been to .
george , the owner rocks !
i would recommend to all my friends and family .
george is a sweetheart .
excellent work at a very fair and reasonable price .
he's the best of the best !
he is very knowledgeable , skilled , and honest .
he is knowledgeable , skilled , and honest .
great work at a fair price !
they are good to go .
very competent people that you can trust .
we've always been given exceptional service !
they are honest , fast and reliable .
i highly recommend her to every bride out there !
the room was so nice !
small , yes , but perfect for a couple .
it was newly renovated and clean .
your review helps others learn about great local businesses .
surprisingly the hotel was quite nice .
i love the bright lights .
the rooms are so nice inside !
we always stay for free .
the staff and front desk were friendly and helpful .
wild times to be had here , clearly !
they'll just smile at you as you keep losing .
this bingo hall is nice .
the staff is friendly .
its a good hotel for the price .
the room is a good size and was clean .
the restaurants and shops had a nice variety .
the pool was beautiful .
thanks again , gold coast !
hotel rooms are really nice with a contemporary look .
best bang for your buck in vegas !
the service is always acceptable .
beat value in vegas !
i love playing here !
i always love this place .
it's lots of fun .
nice place to gamble and relax .
bingo is great with excellent customer service all around .
it was so fun and stressful !
had a great time , would do it again .
was a good night .
she made my hotel experience enjoyable .
i was genuinely impressed by this resort !
this place is amazing for its value .
i really enjoyed staying here .
i enjoyed my stay here over bellagio .
i really liked this hotel .
love our experience at gold coast !
food wise , you have lots of simple options .
it was very quiet and i slept very well .
the staff is friendly .
overall , it was a good reasonably priced time .
yet another great stay !
you guys are awesome !
thank you for our relaxing stay !
this hotel has nice and clean rooms .
it's clean and it's nice .
the staff here are always very friendly and accommodating .
joe and dee are the best !
good accommodations at a great price .
i like it here !
it was clean and modern .
for the price , it was worth it .
came back for bingo and finally won !
the indoor shooting range was clean and brightly lit .
definitely a great place for beginners !
definitely a good time .
fun thing to do when visiting lv .
i'm hooked and will definitely be coming back .
staff was friendly and very helpful .
gabe was incredibly helpful and generous !
it was an incredibly fun experience !
i'll definitely be going back .
i love this place !
we will definitely be back !
i will definitely be going back !
fun , safe day at the range .
the customer service was excellent .
customer service is excellent .
this place is great and the staff is awesome !
great place to go with an amazing staff .
i would definitely recommend it to anyone .
this is the perfect place to go .
we love you guys !
highly recommended this place to the archery beginners .
she's very knowledgeable & friendly .
well worth the money and had an awesome time !
will definitely come back !
the staff is great and very knowledgeable .
the instructor is super kind and chill .
our instructor was very patient and informative .
everyone who worked there was very friendly and helpful .
we are definitely going to be heading back soon !
it a small place but nice .
they instructor was nice and easy going .
definitely going back there !
i had a great time while i was there .
they also got shuffleboard .
very nice pt 's .
the deals for happy hour are amazing !
the bartenders are all really friendly and attentive !
lisa and angel are the best !
lisa and angel are the best bartenders .
great place , awesome breakfast .
great environment , good service for the most part .
sometimes it's just us and others with friends .
mr. chang was great , honest , and affordable .
i left his shop a happy customer .
recommend this business over any other in town .
i was actually pretty surprised when i arrived .
excellent if you got a craving some something different .
the prices were perfect as well .
definitely , try this spot when in vegas !
very organized and wide variety !
other than that , definitely recommend .
the staff is always friendly and kind .
the staff and dr. are always nice and helpful .
the staff was very friendly as well .
definitely recommending sw animal hospital !
very nice people and we didn't wait at all !
you have tremendous expertise coupled with compassionate understanding .
the best animal hospital i've ever been to .
the entire staff are friendly and extremely helpful .
the office was very clean .
hands down , he's the best !
so attentive and delicate w/ his procedures .
would recommend this place to anyone .
fast , great service and very nice !
always good service with a smile .
really do love this dry cleaners .
extremely neat and clean .
keep it up s. rainbow walmart .
excellent customer service in the walmart area .
great service and great staff .
the staff here is great as well !
lloyd is an asset to the walmart team .
enjoy your decision and your meal .
also make sure you go hungry .
they offer great value in dining out .
i totally recommend this place .
- the biscuits , so so good !
if you like hashbrowns , this place knows hashbrowns .
the staff was friendly and service was good .
thanks yelp for recommending this place .
my favorite is the mt .
the service is friendly and very helpful .
the food came out fast and fresh .
very , very large portions and very satisfying .
this is my favorite breakfast place in vegas .
it's in kind of a ghetto shopping center .
i love their biscuits and gravy .
even better i believe they serve breakfast all day .
this is the best kept secret in las vegas .
the food is awesome !
everything is made fresh and from scratch !
it will be voted best in las vegas !
best place to get a big , hearty breakfast .
cinnamon roll french toast is phenomenal !
this restaurant is one of our favs .
the food is consistent breakfast .
great place for good old home cooking !
come here with an appetite !
definitely worth checking out !
a good break from the vegas buffets .
always a good meal regardless of when we go .
the sweet cream pancakes here are absolutely delicious .
great place to eat .
a little greasy but good .
great food , service and prices .
great food and great atmosphere .
the gravy and biscuits are delicious .
large portions , good food , good service .
you will just love it .
this place is just what i needed !
i recommend any of the omelettes .
waitress was really nice and prompt .
and they've got a pretty good reuben going on .
this could be a new favorite breakfast place !
the food here was amazing !
biscuits are huge and prices are reasonable .
best country breakfast in the city .
the juice is always fresh .
great locals hang out .
very good , great prices and huge portions .
the food is excellent .
portions were large and everything tasted good .
the staff was warm and attentive .
the food was delicious -- fresh and homemade .
the food is always fresh , delicious and hot .
i love this place !
their hollandaise is sublime .
this is my favorite diner on earth .
great biscuits and fresh oj .
wow , went on new years day .
this place has amazing breakfast food and great service .
the corned beef hash is incredible .
great place to eat .
the amount of food you get is huge .
another great breakfast yesterday morning !
the waitresses were very friendly and accommodating .
inexpensive & delicious staple on my eateries in vegas !
i was very impressed with black bear diner .
the coffee was very tasty .
the decor was fun with bears playing poker .
love the black bear .
another great meal at black bear diner .
this place is fantastic !
i really like it here !
the people are also super nice .
the food is great and the decor is good .
i love this place !
going to be a regular from now on !
great place to eat your breakfast and lunch .
i was surprise the service how quick they are .
the staff is friendly and do a professional job .
the bear claw is soooo good .
great place to go for breakfast or lunch .
this is my favorite breakfast place in vegas .
he is always smiling .
the food is excellent .
love their omelettes and hash browns .
the servers are efficient and attentive .
always a pleasant dining experience .
the costumer service has always been delightful .
best chocolate cream pie i've ever had !
my bf and i went there for breakfast .
the homemade corned beef hash was excellent .
seriously you just have to try the food !
always good , it never seems to disappoint .
best breakfast place in town .
the sweet cream pancakes are amazing .
good service and excellent food .
our experience was very good .
the wife got chorizo scrambled eggs and loved it .
the food has a genuine home cooked flavor .
i love to eat here .
we always enjoy the food and the service .
best breakfast in town !
all smiles and personality !
i thought the food was great .
but the place is super cute .
it has newspaper menus which i think is creative !
thanks for the good eats !
food and service was great .
breakfast was just amazing .
french toast is best in town .
great people from the door to our waitress .
its a cute country atmosphere.
i would recommend this place to everyone .
definitely gon na be a regular here !
but definitely five stars !
hometown cooking at its best .
hashbrowns are my favorite .
i love it too !
denise and april are wonderful servers .
kids eat free on tuesday nights .
this was a pleasant surprise .
it was all good !
prices are reasonable and service friendly and fast .
great service every time .
just good old fashion dinner food .
i love black bear diner !
everyone knows everyone in this place .
but the food is still super delish !
the is consistently good and so is the coffee .
service , ambience , and food were top notch .
best i've ever had .
love love love this place .
the staff is amazing , very friendly and attentive .
menu is insane , so many options .
thanks yelp & black bear !
my food was very good .
i loved walking in and seeing bears everywhere !
i loved how friendly the staff were .
it was delicious , btw .
generous portions and great variety of food .
great food , friendly service .
pancakes are excellent too .
the atmosphere is fun and comfortable .
and the food is always good .
reasonable prices and friendly service .
good ole deep down south cookin ' for sure !
everyone returns as a friend !
treat yourself and order it !
this is a great diner .
sweet tea was also very tasty .
love how the menu is a newspaper .
just adds to the ambiance and theme .
overall , love eating at this diner .
great little diner over in spring valley .
always great food an great service.
one of the best place go to for breakfast !
i highly recommend this restaraunt .
fast service and great food !
pricing is great - plates are full of food .
a great place to go for breakfast .
good portions , good variety .
and the coffee is even decent .
this place has got potential .
nothing really special but i enjoyed it nonetheless .
service was top notch and our waitress very accommodating .
get off the strip and have a great breakfast !
we love their warm atmosphere .
the food was awesome warm and delicious comfort foods .
thank you so much for a fun family dining !
i love me some black bear !
always greeted with a friendly smile !
hefty hefty portions at the most reasonable prices !
very fresh and lots of food .
just ate here and it was delicious .
they were huge portions and very good !
my order came out quickly and was delicious .
great family restaurant and what a cool atmosphere !
plus the service was great .
good ol ' american style comfort food !
our server candy was top notch !
i alway love their service and food .
great brunch or breakfast place .
good hash browns as well !
good job black bear !
so i decided perfect time to try it .
and i'm happy i did !
but i can overlook that because of the food .
my husband and i enjoyed black bear cafe .
will definitely go back .
truly a great place for whatever you're craving .
the food is exceptional .
the best chicken fried steak in town .
great food chicken fried steak cooks !
both delicious and with generous helpings .
service and atmosphere great !
it's become a favorite of ours !
everybody seemed very happy with their selections .
other than that , good stuff !
the service has alway been great fresh oj !
it more than satisfies my comfort food craving .
i love it here !
the best food in vegas !
the service is also most excellent !
just stopped there after spending the night in vegas .
breakfast was really good .
coffee was very good .
great food , large portions .
food was good and service was top notch .
definitely recommend this place .
great coffee and great food !
the food was so fresh and amazing .
i will happily go back give half a chance .
you should also check it out !
service is the tops .
home cooking at it's best !
great diner with great atmosphere .
even have great desserts .
love this greasy spoon !
tasty chicken and light dressing .
the food here is great .
good home style breakfast .
i came here and it was good .
customer service was great .
good home feeling there .
i would definitely return and recommend this place .
i love this place , the food is amazing .
big portions for a great price .
ate here this weekend and it was so delicious .
i will definitely be going back .
definitely will be back sometime !
food was outstanding and the service was very fast !
asked multiple times for water refills ( essential ! )
fresh food , great service !
everything was delicious especially the pancakes !
this place was recommended by a friend .
such a wonderful find .
this place is awsome !
great diner for breakfast , lunch or dinner .
very affordable menu with great customer service .
i had eggs benedict and it was amazing !
we will definitely be back !
this is one of my favorite places for breakfast .
the service is always friendly and attentive .
by far the best food i've ever had .
the portions are huge , so bring your appetite !
the service was fast and the food was delicious .
great food , pancakes are to die for !
will be going back !
what a pleasant surprise !
i absolutely love this joint .
highly recommend that you grab a dessert to go .
made fresh in house , they are simply amazing .
the food was authentic and awesome .
the french toast is fantastic as well .
plenty of food to fill you up .
the entire team reminds me of texas southern hospitality .
excellent food at reasonable prices .
well worth a visit .
portions are huge and service is quick and friendly .
sandwiches are extra large .
they do breakfast and pies best .
definitely their strong point .
our server was wonderful !
the atmosphere is very cute !
great service and yummy food !
will return for sure !
i love the coffee here .
a good deal for your money .
service was great and friendly .
food was pretty good and hearty .
other than that , great food and service !
big portions , very tasty .
i will definitely go back .
i liked it because it's super cozy .
but it was enjoyable .
really didn't need any syrup they were so sweet .
so many bears everywhere !
definitely worth a try .
always great , hearty food !
country fried steak breakfast was wonderful .
the fries were good , diner style .
i liked this place .
i loved the decor !
the food was fantastic and came out on time .
always looking for a good diner .
i love it here .
service and food are impeccable .
i was mostly impressed though with the meat .
the portion size was great .
the service was great .
thanks for the smiles guys !
this place is damn good .
the atmosphere is awesome .
love this little diner !
great service and delicious food .
diner food all fresh all perfect !
definitely coming back here !
the service is always exceptional .
sweet cream pancakes and spicy sausage patties .
flower provided wonderfully charming service .
she is a friendly person .
it included ham as well .
she was efficient , quick and extremely friendly .
thank you again , mindy !
oh , and the food was great as usual .
delicious food , coffee refills , cozy atmosphere !
great food great staff .
friendly fast service and the staff remembers you .
the pancakes were amazing .
the service is great too .
i love the food here !
please get rid of the stuffed animals !
the best part about this place is the food .
definitely better than your usual diner fare .
over all the food was delicious .
it was worth it !
i'll definitely go back again .
great place for r breakfast .
so the ambience becomes really funny and enjoyable !
reasonable prices , good location for us !
the service was friendly and the food was great .
i was pleasantly surprised .
mindy is an amazing person .
the best server here !
the waffles and pancakes are amazing .
the best place to eat !
service was excellent and food yummy .
ham was the best !
me and my boyfriends favorite breakfast spot .
good price for filling size plates .
the eggs benedict are super good .
all is great at this black bear diner .
mindy our sever was a pleasure .
the food was as expected , great .
great breakfast options with generous portions very reasonably priced !
i'd be a regular !
all the positive reviews about this place are true .
the food was fresh and very good .
comfortable , delicious , friendly , fast but relax .
the service was excellent , as well !
fantastic bacon cheddar burger !
very polite and responsive staff .
i'll definitely be back again and again !
always love the black bear diner .
i highly recommend it .
great home style diner !
very friendly atmosphere and outstanding grub !
size of the plate is huge !
ordered the hash and it was delicious .
an all around great experience !
the food was good and the service was excellent !
this place is phenomenal .
and their wait staff is amazing as well .
it's such a great place to take the family !
great food and menu .
server was really nice .
everything was cooked perfectly .
absolutely love love love eating breakfast here !
huge servings so it's good enough to share .
breakfast here is always super good !
we eat here as often as we can .
service always great and food is very tasty .
i love the patty melt !
recommend it to all .
this place is awesome !
great experience of hometown cooking .
it's such a nice place to eat .
love how they decorated the place !
he suggested this gem of a place .
it was quaint and the server very professional .
the biscuits and gravy are pretty good .
the eggs benedict were really good .
i always love coming here .
quick , simple , good food at reasonable prices .
amazing breakfast - fresh squeezed oj !
but i come here for the food !
fantastic food and service !
fresh squeezed oj is also great .
thanks don for a great dining experience !
always good for breakfast !
me and my son 's always enjoy coming here !
excellent food and service .
so me and my son 's have become regulars .
i definitely recommend this place !
great sunday morning treat .
overall , great place for families and great food .
all in all it was a really pleasant experience .
great service and great food .
my new favorite place to eat for breakfast .
always have great customer service when we go there .
always friendly and nice .
my kids love the free balloons .
absolutely love this place !
especially the manager , don !
the food is delicious and the service is fantastic !
pancakes are flavorful and sweet .
the bacon is really good .
everything was very tasteful .
the food is so good .
the staff is very friendly .
try the caesar salad is amazing .
they give you more than enough too !
this place was very good .
this is my favorite breakfast place in vegas !
our waitress april was so wonderful and friendly .
every experience i have had here has been amazing .
service was friendly and quick .
a great place to eat with family and friends !
it's a great little spot .
delicious , comfort food .
the food was good .
it was an overall good one .
my husband loves the cinnamon apple crumb dessert !
great job black bear diner !
great start to the morning .
will definitely come back here again !
food was excellent , service excellent !
food was fresh and plentiful !
sweet cream pancakes are awesome .
food we had was excellent .
staff was really great here .
family friendly and plentiful portions .
they have four different hot sauces which is unique .
i would also recommend their fresh baked pies .
the owner was very nice and accommodating to us .
the food was very good as well !
will definitely come back !
the service we received was exceptional .
this is one of our favorite places to eat .
the food is always great .
denise our server is so sweet .
everything was freshly made to order and delicious .
the hash browns were the best .
definitely make a visit here .
great homestyle food reasonable prices .
the service was great & the pancakes were delicious !
everything we ate was great .
all crew was very nice and professional .
we love the black bear !
the quality is great !
food and service are equally excellent .
what a great experience .
the food was amazing .
the staff was friendly particularly the manager don .
definitely coming back next time we are in vegas .
the staff was happy and friendly too !
marlene is our favorite food server .
marlene works evenings & always makes us feel welcomed .
she is kind , considerate , & hard-working .
first of all , great customer service !
will come back again !
the food here is amazing .
the staff is friendly and upbeat .
the decor - freakin adorable .
marlene is a great waitress !
she is very personable with all her customers .
we've been here twice and love it .
the flavor of the pancakes were really good .
my server stayed on top of everything .
love love love this place !
black bear diner great service , and food .
great selections on menu .
i must say fast , friendly and caring .
thank you so much .
the bartenders are all great , and very friendly .
a friendly dive bar !
this dive bar rocks !
great bartender 's with personality !
is dark in there i love it !
what a nice surprise !
i will definitely be back !
the staff is great .
go , drink , see you there !
i love you and all the work you do .
one of the best beer selections in the city .
go see stan and his awesome crew !
why is this the best bar in vegas ?
plus they always have a rare selection of beer .
love it and will be back .
love this dive bar !
stan is the man !
great spot to discover some awesome new beers .
hands down the best bar in vegas .
knowledgable and friendly staff .
my favorite dive bar in vegas .
the best local bar in vegas .
all types of unique an tasty beers .
lastly , love the shuffle board !
awesome job you guys !
great little dive bar .
service was good could use a little extra help .
great time and memories .
also shuffleboard and golden tee are always fun .
a little divey , which makes it comfortable .
wide selection of interesting craft brews .
good live music every time i stop in .
keep up the good work guys !
( very tasty , and relaxing ! )
we love going to money plays !
i love this bar !
i love this spot .
still the best local dive bar in vegas .
great specialty beers as well .
best open mic ever .
i absolutely heart this place !
now , we're talking .
small selection but great freaking beers !
and next to great mexican food !
the bartender mike was great .
great selection of craft brews .
perfect dive bar with shuffleboard and a juke box .
they have an open mic night as well !
it's been the best place i've lived in vegas .
the location is perfect .
the management is the best .
the maintenance team is top notch .
they are the best on the planet !
the doctor here is very nice .
the facility is clean and beautiful decorated .
i feel great after treatment .
i enjoy this place a recommend it .
this one is awesome !
and the staff was so nice !
and it was really clean !
the place is always so clean !
my favorite port of subs on the planet !
their store is always clean and stocked .
my monkey needs a friend !
every time , i take my cars to international .
i had great service , and quick turnaround .
they do amazing work .
we recommend them for both paint and body work .
great service start to finish .
this shop is amazing .
very happy with their service .
everyone was very patient and accommodating .
staff are great both front and back office .
i would refer my family and friends here .
the nurses are so sweet and kind .
all smiles and bubbles !
will order again i'm sure !
the vegetarian pizza is fantastic .
hey great service out of this location .
absolutely great people to work with .
a ton of money .
i am a canadian and absolutely love hockey games .
they brought the action and won last night .
this is where the fun begins though !
we had so much fun !
a fun event for the entire family .
i love sports so this fits nicely .
a great night for families too .
great place to take your family .
great for the entire family .
once you go to a game you are hooked .
fun hockey at inexpensive prices .
definitely a great locals event .
best money spent on a sporting " event " .
service amazing , employee 's are very friendly .
a lot of the screens are imax huge .
the theater is convenient and clean and nice .
the imax is superb as well .
it is located inside the palms hotel & casino .
service was good and the cashiers were friendly .
clean and workers were great .
kept clean and good sound .
been here twice and love the place !
honestly my review is for the seats !
lol customer service is great as usual !
service is quick all around .
the seats are comfortable .
such a good deal !
best imax screen in town , period .
this is my go-to movie theatre !
nice clean restrooms and theaters .
i also really liked the sound in the theater .
very good theater with friendly staff .
keep up these policies and i will be back .
they also have deals on drink & popcorn .
one of the best theaters in town .
always clean and theater is a good size .
staff is always on top of it and upbeat .
a nice & pretty clean theater !
great way to end a dinner night !
locals love this place !
worth it for the right movie though .
it has popcorn and soda and candy .
seats are a must in movie theaters .
popcorn and drink deals reasonable .
crowd every time i go .
i love to go here on monday 's .
the seats are big and comfortable .
i love this place .
one , the movie was amazing .
creepy , but amazing .
overall , the theater is good .
the popcorn they give you for tuesday is huge .
they have the best imax theater in town .
the prices here are very decent !
the seats are comfortable and the popcorn isn't terrible .
the theater 's are nice and comfy .
the movie is a great advertisement for las vegas .
this is a perfectly fine movie theatre .
it's located inside the palms .
it has an imax theatre .
it's kept clean and is comfy enough .
sweet theatre located in the palms casino .
great deals during the week .
overall , a good theatre when nearby .
all in all two thumbs up !
this is my favorite theater to see movies at .
super good promotions on tuesdays .
i love these comfy seats and the great service !
very nice single room layout and extremely clean .
upon arrival the staff was very helpful and professional .
it is a good base to venture out from .
good relaxing spot to have a vacation .
i enjoyed our stay in their one bedroom suite .
rooms were decent and the staffs were great .
the grounds of the hotel are very nice .
great location near the newest side of vegas .
well kept facility with nice decor .
a very pleasant experience .
recommend and will stay again .
the staff was very friendly and accommodating .
i would definitely stay here again !
everything has been great so far !
this place is great !
this is the best ham radio store in town !
excellent prices and selection .
everyone was truely exceptional .
the staff is great !
stephanie and jared are great .
now she's pain free and better than ever !
and love those recliners in the lobby !
there coffee area is always clean and plenty stocked .
staff is always friendly .
this is a really good gas station .
it's a blast - try it !
well then this is the place for you .
this place is great !
super fast and fun !
this place was awsome very fun .
fun times had by all .
a real blast and worth the money !
understanding that part really helps things go smooth .
had such a great time here !
will definitely go there again !
this makes for much better races .
this was so much fun !
overall , it's fun !
great friendly staff as always .
to me that 's a great feeling .
came here for a private event and loved it !
best deal in vegas .
strongly recommended to come and enjoy .
fast lap is the best !
it's a lot of fun and it's so addicting .
it was a fun time .
fast lap is fun !
i absolutely love this place !
people here have the most amazing customer service .
i highly recommend this place !
my girlfriend and i had a great time !
a fun indoor track .
another tip : check groupon for an excellent deal .
had an awesome time !
totally worth the money .
the pit crew very helpful !
quality service is rare these days !
i had an exceptional experience here !
she was genuine and really helped me !
mike recommended the best socks and shoes .
staff is very professional at all times .
i highly recommend this company .
they really know their stuff !
the atmosphere is relaxed and friendly .
great people and great work .
i recommend curt , mike and sandy to anyone .
best place for a mobile install .
we got great service for our new office location .
job done right and at a fair price .
the best buffet in town .
it's a lot of fun .
super duper suite upgrade !
this is a spectacular hotel casino .
fabulous free show , fantastic rooms .
the place was clean and very well maintained .
big suites and clean .
great casino area for everyone !
one of my favorite hotels in vegas .
the standard suites are very nice and spacious .
ordered some room service , very prompt and friendly .
i was very happy with our room !
i love the rio .
all in all , i loved it !
well it was well worth it .
but the rooms make up for all of it .
we enjoyed the rio !
it is spacious and clean !
all the staff was very nice to us !
oh , i also loved the bathrooms here .
great place , great people , well recommended .
the rio is pretty stellar .
this place is nice .
nice sized , pull out couch , comfy bed .
i love this place !
nice rooms and huge casino .
purple and gold everywhere .
the buffet is lovely , if you like buffets .
the staff is friendly and helpful .
the food inside the casino is good .
overall the place is the best for the money .
four stars : the buffet is good .
it's very clean and quiet .
the bed was comfortable enough and everything was clean .
i love this place !
buffet is great and humongous !
the rio is definitely one of my favorite spots .
it is the best buffet in vegas .
the food was great !
worth the weight gain .
surprisingly really enjoyed this hotel .
i really liked the rio .
the price is great !
the rio buffett was also great too !
i love the crab legs with butter !
pretty much the rio has it all !
loved it both time .
rooftop lounge is incredible after 10pm .
he is hilarious and quick with the cocktails .
i love him so much !
it's as good as advertised .
hotel was very clean and enjoyable !
this place has great resort feel and huge rooms .
i really enjoyed my stay here .
big bathroom as well .
best seafood buffet in vegas !
always enjoy this hotel when we stay here .
huge rooms and close to the strip .
there is best show in las vegas .
it is also free !
beautiful rooms and accommodations .
they have a lot of good restaurants .
great place ; have stayed here about five times .
definitely the best value for your money in vegas .
everything here is perfect except for shower water pressure .
best bang for you buck !
the staff was very polite and friendly .
i was very happy with the rio .
will definitely stay here again .
great place for the price .
the experience was great for the price !
it is fun and entertaining .
they have the best buffet in all of vegas .
the workers are so friendly and helpful .
everything else was great .
i love the women at the spa .
definitely worth the price !
i am a big fan of this place .
this place is a must check out .
loved everything in this hotel .
pool was amazing as well .
the rooms are wonderfully sized and clean .
that was always fun .
but at least they still have the amazing buffet !
i love this place !
bartenders and servers were all nice .
great price for having a total rewards card !
pretty big open casino .
i really enjoyed my time at this hotel .
the room was huge and very comfortable .
recently stayed at the rio .
it was a great experience .
buffet is one of the best we've had .
great place to be .
great bars and rooftop lounge is awesome .
the rio is great for the price .
the casino is pretty nice .
great buffet with unlimited mimosas at brunch !
loved the atmosphere and the food was great .
i really liked this place .
i love rio rooms very large suites .
enjoy the swimming pool , and hot tub .
their rooms were clean and nice .
not the best location but it's affordable and nice .
the meeting space is beautiful and newly remodeled .
love to relax there in the mini suites .
stayed here while attending the star trek convention .
it felt like we hit the jackpot !
thank you rio for treating us well !
my husband and i stayed here during a convention .
otherwise a good stay .
the staff were very efficient and friendly .
fun casino with a lot of entertainment .
lots of lively craps and poker tables .
a dimly lit burger joint with tvs .
i really liked their slots .
i'll see ya next time , rio !
housekeeping did a great job !
prices are a bit high but its vegas !
the mandalay bay buffet never disappoints .
i would definitely recommend this hotel .
one of my favorite places to stay .
best buffet : - ) great service .
i'll be back here on my next trip !
hotel rooms are clean and casino is clean .
the rooms are great and spacious .
i generally enjoy my stay .
come and see this show !
the rooms are spacious and comfortable .
and the price is usually very reasonable .
especially given how nice the rooms are .
huge variety , generally really good food .
but that 's a different review !
the staff was great .
i really liked this hotel !
certainly not upscale , but still very nice .
great rooms and service was very friendly and helpful .
the pool and stay was good though .
the room is huge and amazing .
their seafood buffet was great !
we found the accommodations to be very nice .
we loved the buffet .
the spa was great too .
i was very happy staying here .
the pool was great as well as the service .
the service was great and the room was impressive .
thanks for a great stay rio .
i love this place .
come on out an enjoy .
i'd absolutely stay here again .
the rio is a pretty decent hotel .
always something exciting going on .
this place is very trendy and fun .
it was nice and affordable .
overall , i'd recommend it .
rooms are pretty modern .
i had a good feeling .
the rio is a nice hotel .
a rooftop nightclub with an amazing view .
we are definitely booking our entire next trip here !
and the suite was beautiful .
i highly recommend this hotel .
for the value you get it's five stars .
daily maid service is prompt and friendly .
pleasantly pleased with this hotel !
will definitely stay here again soon !
rio hotel is a nice hotel .
excellent customer service all around .
front desk service was also superb .
awesome service and clean rooms .
nice location off the strip .
this hotel is wonderful !
gorgeous huge room with incredible view !
it was pretty easy to navigate .
it gave a nice view of the casino floor .
our room was great .
large , clean , well laid out .
the view was outstanding .
and the food was great .
i love this hotel !
the room was huge and very nice .
we had a great view .
i have a wonderful stay here.
all stuff including house keeping was exceptional .
i loved the rio .
valet parking is great .
my favorite place to go in vegas !
i love the pools too .
went to their restaurant and that was great too !
this hotel is always busy !
i had an awesome experience here !
got ta get that quality time in !
their world buffet is awesome !
shoot well and have fun .
seafood buffet is great .
the rooms are very nice .
gambling layout is great with lots of options .
i had the best stay ever .
ricky at the front desk was amazing .
overall our week long stay was great !
the staff was nice and attentive .
it's a super nice hotel !
very happy with the service here !
first time ever to vegas !
i really like the service at rio .
definitely want to return soon !
everything is clean and the staff is friendly .
it's an inexpensive cab ride to the strip .
oh well the food is still good .
we got a room for a good deal .
had a good stay at the rio .
the rooms were nice suite style .
staff was really nice and kept our rooms clean .
best deal in town that you cant beat .
me and kids were very satisfied .
id definitely stay here again though .
easy parking and also quick to catch a taxi .
we will definitely return on our next trip .
i love coming to vegas !
we always have so much fun .
the rooms are comfy and they have great views !
the buffet is also very delicious !
we enjoy staying here every time !
the atmosphere is fun & lively .
very clean and nice rooms .
and also very quiet .
stuff is friendly and helpful .
i had a wonderful night 's sleep here .
great hotel for the price .
good service , decent but large rooms .
had a great time staying here this weekend !
awesome shuttle service and super friendly staff !
i have always liked the rio .
this place is amazing !
this place is amazing !
love this casino and resort .
it has everything for everyone in my family .
the best part is hash house .
rooms are huge and clean .
will definitely stay at this location again .
we had and amazing stay here .
will definitely be back .
the staff is friendly .
nice size room , , free wifi .
good food , clean casino .
our room was very romantic and sexy .
definitely a baby making atmosphere .
customer service was great and the room was awesome .
it was very pleasurable .
recommend caesar 's total rewards ; best comps .
we love the location .
the employees are generally nice .
the room was nice and clean .
as always we enjoyed our stay .
staff are pretty nice .
great food , plenty of slots and table games .
the seafood buffet is incredible .
neat shops and plenty of bars .
the buffet was awesome and customer service was outstanding .
great hotel for the rate !
also has some good restaurants at affordable prices .
it's very upscale with terrific food .
i really loved staying at rio !
the rooms are extremely spacious !
the staff there are very kind and polite .
overall , great stay will come again !
i love the rio !
the weekend buffet is pretty good .
remarkably , surprisingly good .
the service was friendly and fun , too .
this place was amazing !
great restaurant with wonderful service .
it is expensive , but well worth it .
be sure and try the delicious mango lassi .
they also offer some pretty interesting drinks .
the combination platters are well worth the price .
great service and delicious food .
everything we had was so flavorful .
my favorite indian food yet .
this place is great .
great service , very attentive .
i love this place and the foods are delicious !
perfect amount of spice .
great food and service .
plenty of food for five hungry guys !
i was very pleased by their professionalism and kindness .
their staff and after sale service are also outstanding .
i have always found these guys helpful and honest .
great place with a awesome parts dept .
chris is the most knowledgable !
wide selection of products and parts !
this review is only of the service department .
good selection in store and awesome service department .
thank you , guys .
it was hot , well seasoned , and delicious .
not here , it was made fresh to order .
what a good find .
both of us were happy with our food .
service was good , too .
really great soul food in a friendly atmosphere .
service was pleasant and quick .
the servers were very friendly and helpful .
prices were very reasonable and the service was terrific .
a nice clearance section .
its bright and well lit .
they were really nice and helpful .
good quality toys decent price and great customer service .
fun place to visit !
this place is amazing .
it's easy to lose track of time in there .
john and his team at asap are real professionals .
highly recommend their services !
thank you , john .
john and his team are great .
i highly recommend them for any of their services !
i simply love asap security and their team .
they also serve that yummy starter soup here .
thank goodness for this restaurant .
great , authentic mexican food .
found this place on yelp and it was great !
surprised that i liked hot , spicy foods .
i also come fri .
band is very good .
come over and have some fun guys !
really reasonable prices and their service is decent .
the staff is friendly and helpful .
ah , smith 's is fantastic .
the prices are reasonable and i love their selection .
great customer service and fresh food .
again , thank you for all you did !
they are extremely friendly and helpful .
just had the fastest and most pleasant checkout experience .
thank you austin and robert .
keep up the great work !
good quality , service and reasonable .
he delivers to me , too .
what a great bar !
the happy hour specials great .
my favorite charger bar by far !
i will definitely be returning here !
actually , food is very good for bar food .
good food and good drinks .
thanks for the memories rick !
this is a great bar .
bartenders are attentive and definitely earn their keep .
smoking allowed , great food , great drinks .
everything was really good and satisfying .
hot , crispy & great !
oh well he is still cool !
so party on and enjoy .
thanks for the drinks !
prices are very reasonable .
all of it was really good .
and the ranch is excellent !
my favorite local neighborhood bar !
enjoy , i go at least once a week !
my absolute favorite bar in vegas !
the food was good .
great place to hang out with the locals .
this place is pretty legit .
very close and friendly employees .
gives u something to talk about .
the food and service were above par .
the waitress is awesome .
on top of that she was very friendly .
but ended up being good .
no pain and the toe is healing nicely .
for sure , i will return again .
i love this place .
doctor was nice and didnt rush us out .
nurses and doctors are excellent !
harmony healthcare partners is amazing .
they often have something kiddo friendly as well .
thanks for the excellent customer service , sir .
this is definitely my neighborhood go to supply store .
they do a great job and are really quick .
this is a great roasted chicken meal .
giving it that fresh taste similar to chipotle .
this a great healthier fast food .
great place for a family lunch or dinner .
service was fast and friendly .
the burrito was so good and flavorful .
this is an interesting , quirky little store .
and the service is great .
really good food and good size portions .
the portions are generous , and presented somewhat nicely .
service is excellent and attentive .
food came out hot and fresh .
the decor is authentic mexican with mariachi and all .
fast , friendly and efficient .
i highly recommend going as we are tonight !
enjoyed my lunch here .
that 's fucking awesome !
best mexican in vegas !
service was very good .
the food was amazing and the margarita was awesome .
loved the habanero salsa .
nice bean dip as an appetizer .
it's worth a try .
they have really good lunch specials too .
oh yeah the margaritas are wonderful too !
very high quality food .
friendly service and a clean environment .
one of my favorite places for dinner !
it's basically a breakfast scramble with mexican ingredients .
mexican food our favorite .
everyone is so friendly .
the service is excellent !
went for lunch and had a nice meal .
the food is always great .
great vegetarian options and great service .
excellent and friendly service .
this is my favorite mexican restaurant in town !
i love this restaurant .
they were very friendly and personable .
excited to go again !
the frozen margarita was good as well .
the atmosphere very nice and friendly .
the food is very tasty and the service great .
the service is always excellent .
very nice place , and here have good food .
the wait staff is attentive and very friendly .
the complimentary soup they serve is very good !
the chips are always fresh and crispy .
the food is fabulous and huge portions .
the drinks are potent and the food is wonderful .
best mexican in vegas !
so friendly and nice !
that was a great deal .
service was great and all the food very good .
i hope they open up again !
beautiful dcor awesome staff .
i will keep checking to learn when you do .
the staff was very attentive and super friendly .
love the new location .
the food was great as we expected .
welcome back viva 's !
best mexican food in town !
always willing to help in any way possible .
( saved us a trip ! )
which was great because we needed the door asap !
excellent service , excellent printing .
everything came out perfect .
it's a really great dish here .
our server lady was very pleasant .
the food is good and pretty authentic .
hahaha i love this place .
they're so friendly and eager to serve you .
the curry and pad thai were excellent .
the spicy noodles were delicious as well .
this is the best thai restaurant in vegas !
everything is really good !
great service , the staff is very nice .
this is now my favorite thai spot in town !
pretty cool i guess !
best damn thai food in vegas .
this place definitely should be considered .
this place is a to-go kind of place .
this place is off the hook good !
their soups are great , the salads are awesome .
pad thai noodle is perfect , curries are great .
food quality is good .
the best thai food in vegas .
thumbs up for the food and service .
servers were really sweet and friendly !
service is friendly and quick .
everything was delicious & our server was very courteous .
the food was delicious !
they had really good service .
there was really nice entertainment .
the ingredients seems fresh and tasted great !
pretty tasty pad thai and pad se ew .
wait staff were very friendly and attentive !
the best i've had - delicious .
the service is great too .
staff is very friendly and so is the owner .
this is my fav thai spot !
the service is just as great as the food .
delicious everything is just absolutely delicious !
we'll definitely go back .
they always wan na please you .
this place is a hidden gem !
the servers are extremely nice here !
it's setting the perfect mood right now .
the crispy pork was outstanding !
its really that good !
our food came quickly and we loved it .
the helpings were large and we brought some home .
the prices were very fair and service was excellent .
my favorite thai restaurant in vegas .
really like the service and the food here .
love pad thai over here .
quaint little spot for spicy hot thai .
other than that , the food was great .
the pad thai was very good as well .
best thai food in vegas !
excellent food , and the service is awesome .
the staff is super friendly and helpful .
this is definitely my go to thai place .
fast service and good customer service !
one of the best thai restaurants in lv .
fair food and prices .
food is amazing , great , friendly service .
a must visit while in town .
my wife enjoyed her pad thai .
a generous helping of shrimp .
yellow curry is so delicious .
well worth stopping by .
great service is well !
great food at decent prices .
the best thai mom and popped open .
i love , love , love thai food .
the rice was cooked perfectly .
delivery is fast and they are always so nice .
we also always order the wontons !
i just ordered delivery from them to our hotel .
they are very very nice people .
and they deliver very quick .
their food is good , too .
the guys there were really great .
thanks turf sporting goods !
i love fashion bug !
they always have great sales too .
they are professional , timely and always very friendly .
thanks for all of your hard work !
they have the best rates as well .
i'm a very satisfied customer .
straight edge cuts are the classic here .
alex cut his hair and it looked great .
very nice and personable .
i love tropical smoothie !
great prices and extremely tasty food !
i am a fan !
the smoothies are great and very tasty !
great find off the strip with ample parking .
this place is very good .
awesome customer service at this location .
one of my favorite places !
the workers at this location are very friendly.
this is my favorite smoothie place .
keep up the great work !
food and smoothies are great here though .
great customer service , great attitude , great people .
great place for shipping or a po box .
best staff with quality service .
they do the job right .
awesome fast and friendly services .
i appreciate that kind of service .
they are also so kind and attentive .
i love there prices .
super fast , efficient , friendly , and knowledgeable .
exceptionally quick professional service from sean .
sure freaking beats going to the post office .
very nice customer service .
i was pleasantly surprised .
most of the staffs are nice too .
i like the personal touch and caring .
the dogs ( and cats ) love it there !
they take such good care of my kitty .
i highly recommend this animal hospital for your pet .
she was very friendly with our dog .
would recommend to anyone in need of a vet .
especially with so many to choose from in vegas .
very sweet people here .
very kind staff and veterinarian .
def will be back !
don't settle or think bigger is better .
gross and she was outstanding !
mia was very anxious and dr .
west flamingo animal hospital has been outstanding for us .
that was a special service offered to me .
kind , accommodating staff .
the veterinarians and tech staff are wonderful !
this is da spot for some good mexican food !
thank you for saving the day !
always a winner with us .
the equipment looks new and is in great condition .
this place has friendly , knowledgeable staff .
so i'm impressed with the facility and the staff .
i will be back !
lovely prompt staff and clean gym .
clean , sleek , modern and repeat clean !
staff is very friendly .
this is the place for you .
the gym seems clean .
everyone 's so nice n helpful .
nice and clean gym .
still very nice gym !
i love this gym .
quaint and a lot to offer .
if you go definitely see lindsey super awesome !
got a refund for the remaining time .
big big big gym !
asia taught body pump and it was fantastic .
she was kind and patient .
also free classes offered .
there is something for everyone .
it's also we'll maintained and has a friendly staff .
it's quite a drive heading from the strip .
i love this location !
the staff is always super friendly and nice .
they also offered some special membership offers .
i enjoyed this club alot .
love the stuff over there !
very friendly and helpful !
highly recommend this gym !
i'd highly recommend kyle .
god customer service and great food .
the price was good .
i love the wings and everything else !
my favorite pizza place in town !
the owner and staff are very friendly .
the pizza was amazing and hand made .
the cheese was melts and perfect .
the pizza was amazing and hand made .
thanks moe and the rest of the guys !
good food and great service !
thanks moe and the rest of the guys !
it arrived hot and was great .
fast delivery and friendly service .
a good pizza option in lv for delivery .
great views inside or out !
i would highly recommend this place !
and a plus side , they are open late !
so fresh and absolutely delicious !
i would highly recommend this place .
this place was really good .
the staff was very kind and helpful .
pretty good burger joint .
i'd def recommend trying their burger .
good food and good service .
pizzas and sandwiches all were great .
definitely deserves a revisit .
very delicious , i had the gyro .
the fries are yummy , great competitive prices .
the pizza is so good here !
great cheeseburger and buffalo chicken pizza !
this is the best italian food ive ever had !
i can't even describe how good the food was !
i had a wonderful conversation with him .
bucket of wings was good .
kids loved the pepperoni pizza .
philly cheese steak was also good .
also new spicy pineapple salsa is super tasty .
i def took extra for the fridge .
i love this place so much .
overall , great quality and friendly staff .
huge all you can eat menu !
the sushi is really delicious !
i love this place .
unique rolls and very high quality .
the atmosphere was definitely nice and chill .
this is my favorite sushi restaurant in las vegas .
i love the traci roll !
best california deep fried rolls .
i absolutely love it here !
the quality of sushi is fabulous !
the servers are super nice and fast !
i am in love with this place !
such a wide selection and great sushi !
she answered all our questions , and concerns .
my highlights and color always comes out right !
and , our conversations are always entertaining and funny !
five star quality all the way through .
great drinks and atmosphere .
they were helpful and friendly .
we ate here this weekend and really enjoyed it !
sushi was fresh and delicious .
the sushi was soooo good and sooo fresh .
hot and sour soup tasted excellent .
plenty of food at fair price .
food comes out hot , fresh , and quickly .
great sushi and fresh .
have a very diverse menu .
fresh good and good wine selection .
pretty tasty chinese and japanese food .
sushi was pretty amazing too !
their hot dishes screamed of freshness .
good food inside a casino .
great service and delicious sushi .
the black bean lobster is excellent .
the flavor and cooked exactly right .
the waiter was very attentive .
i would highly recommend the good here .
tasty hot and with good service .
he's the best waiter !
very nice and personable .
the menu is diverse and affordable .
the food and sushi is freshly prepared .
sweet and sour pork is just made perfect .
you can eat it straight without rice .
the service was friendly and accommodating .
very nice ambiance and layout .
food is great for the price .
we always each get a different item and share .
flamingo massage a beautiful and very friendly staff .
i treated myself to a good massage .
mail , po boxes , office services .
one of the true great finds of las vegas .
has great taste in fashion .
well , alot of everything for everyone .
good americanized chinese food .
this was the best panda meal ever !
excellent service , items delivered on time .
our guests thought our party decor looked great .
super friendly & great prices !
love working with them !
we rented tables and chairs for a wedding .
everything was clean and in good condition .
i highly recommend them .
great selection of merchandise and reasonably priced .
would recommend them to anyone .
this is a nice easy transaction !
i will be using this place in the future !
his people and leadership skills really show !
i will definitely come back .
the staff was so nice and not creepy .
definitely recommend this location !
they're very helpful and patient with me .
good place for your car service highly recommended .
would recommend this place to anybody !
talk about customer service !
adam and the service team plus chris are amazing !
i couldn't be happier with the service here .
convenient , quick , and quality repairs .
beware who you trust !
this place has great deals and amazing staff !
and guy does an outstanding job .
this place deserves ten stars .
the best service i ever gotten .
i really appreciated his time and effort .
the people in this place are amazing .
the presentation of the seafood platter looked good .
the setup of the place is pretty nice too .
the food is good .
the platters are hooked up .
the food and service was good .
the food price is reasonable .
the staff was pleasant , never rude .
love the all day breakfast .
their entrees are delicious and they're good price .
food was pretty good .
live it breath it , own it !
breakfast heaven all day long !
great portions and price and quality and taste .
they always know our usual orders .
great atmosphere , really feels authentic .
home cooked and love the decor of the place .
staff was very nice and attentive !
i would definitely go again and recommend !
my go-to spot for filipino food .
they have a large menu with really great food !
it is all you can eat !
i always stop at the second plate .
the service is always good at this location .
it cost more but it is worth it .
they have oysters and crab and everything .
it's like todai but a lot better .
i really enjoy the all-you-can-eat maki and sushi .
the dessert is also good .
the selection of food was pretty amazing .
the sushi is always very fresh .
they have the best soy sauce .
all of the hot food is gourmet quality .
great price for the food you get .
all the food is good .
i'd definitely come back here again .
i love it , love it , love it .
the sushi is fresh and the selections was huge .
is fresh and very tasty !
it is beautifully presented !
hubby did well he loved it !
the food here was actually pretty good !
the real surprise was actually the sushi .
its worth the price !
but , still delicious .
i do love the tempura shrimps though .
this restaurant 's sushi quality is good .
service was friendly and excellent .
lots of locals eat here .
our experience was fulfilling and fun .
a buffet worth coming to .
they are actually quite thick and tasty .
the service was pretty good , prompt and attentive .
high value for the price you pay .
delicious , fresh , reasonable .
expect to wait , but it's worth it !
great place to bring friends and family !
very clean , not crazy busy and child friendly .
the sushi was delicious .
lots a variety and freshly made .
there is also hot dishes that my children enjoyed .
dessert was wonderful also .
we will definitely be back !
this place has the freshest sushi selection in town !
udon and miso soup were pleasant as well .
well worth the price !
i always leave feeling satisfied .
love the sushi here !
always warm and they're very quick to replace something .
i love this place !
love the price and service .
good food as usual .
the sushi was amazing !
i love the cream mussels .
good selection of desserts .
the green tea cheesecake was delicious !
one of the best buffets ever .
it is a great place to relax .
the creme brle was the best !
went there for lunch and was very impressed .
rolls were unique and were constantly being made fresh .
tempura shrimp was also very good .
service was incredibly friendly and swift .
there was also a good black seaweed salad .
this place is hella good .
best bang for your buck here .
many sushi selection , tastes fresh and good too .
dessert is good too .
one of my favorite buffet to go too .
overall though , still a solid place .
very decent price for the quality of food .
assortment of rolls and a decent array of sushi .
, its part of our memorial day tradition .
great food , decent prices , and good staffing .
everything i had was delicious !
this place was good .
sushi seem very fresh .
the price is fairly reasonable .
i loved the green tea ice cream !
more sushi selection and i love their clam soup .
had a great time here .
the atmosphere here is great .
this place is worth a try !
my parents love this place .
the food is still good .
my friend recommended this .
great price for the quality .
best japanese buffet in vegas .
i always come here when in vegas .
i really liked their service and food .
the waitress was really nice and cute .
the food was really good .
highly recommend this place for anybody visiting vegas .
great food , fresh and great service !
you must eat the buffet .
everything was fresh well presented .
this is the place !
so happy the quality was good .
the ramen chef took intense pride in his work .
chocolate fountain was s nice treat .
what great food for a great value .
excellent food for the money .
my family and i love this place .
great quality and pricing .
my family loves going here .
it's a nice place for families and big groups .
the wait staff is very polite and attentive .
this is a one of kind place !
everything is so fresh & tasty !
the selections are unique & just to die for !
as this price , it's really good .
this is the best sushi buffet we ever had .
excellent selection of quality sushi and other japanese foods .
the ramen and udon and soup was great .
will definitely come back if in the area .
most of it's very good and a great value .
timely and friendly service too .
i think it's a great price for the selection .
never disappointed & always fresh .
omg , what a surprise .
each bit was more delicious than the last bite .
come early , there 's always a line !
the meats & other dishes are good too .
very good food and fresh .
the staff is excellent .
wide menus entertain guests .
best japanese buffet ever !
definitely the best japanese buffet .
quality and taste exceptional .
great deal for price .
a great buffet , perhaps the best in town .
the food was good .
the sushi was fresh .
the service was great .
my friend and i loved their tuna sashimi .
i really enjoyed this place .
good varieties of sushi and other foods .
really love the place !
this is very recommended !
the sushi is always fresh .
it is my favorite place for ayce buffet .
the sushi is good but not the best .
its acceptable for lunch .
their caesar salad was really good .
the very best sushi buffet ever !
for a seafood buffet very good .
best asian buffet in town .
lots of sushi options !
the fish was so fresh and delicious !
best place to satisfy your sushi cravings .
buffet style all you can eat .
sushi was fresh with large pieces of fish .
huge selection of rolls .
this place is the best sushi buffet .
japanese people do sushi better .
servers are friendly and attentive .
they always check it you need drink refills .
definitely a place to visit .
the service was great !
there is something for everyone here .
the staff was excellent .
the sushi was so fresh .
the food options were delicious .
great food , fresh , .
friendly & great service !
must be a good spot .
i always enjoy coming here when in town .
this place is great !
we'll keep coming back !
this place has very good and fresh sushi .
i will definitely tell my friends about this place .
the crab legs were an excellent addition .
i definitely recommend this place !
i love this place !
the food is delicious and service is good .
my wife really enjoy their japanese style appetizers .
good pretzels while watching the show in the sky .
friendly staff as well .
everyone was very friendly and polite .
they did a great job but it took forever .
inexpensive , friendly and it didn't take long .
make sure to take care of him too !
great customer service as soon as i drove in !
always have a great experience here !
i live in summerlin and it's worth the drive !
they have really good service .
car was washed great !
inexpensive , friendly and it didn't take long .
outstanding job paid attention to every detail .
one of the best burgers in vegas !
i am a new fan of this place !
the fat fries are the best anywhere .
hopefully i can eat it completely .
it was a good burger .
i honestly wish the serving was bigger .
it was thick and creamy and delicious .
i love their burgers .
it came out just perfect .
i love this place .
great spot for cheaper prices on tools .
it is pretty sweet inside .
i love this place !
the company has a good reputation in town .
their receptionist max is a sweetheart !
i'm sure i will do business with them again .
this place is amazing !
this place is amazing .
great deals and fast service .
pretty tasty food and nice , friendly fun staff .
i love this place .
the food and sushi is great .
drinks were strong and great .
beautiful decor and great ambiance .
the ambiance of little buddha is amazing .
the food and service was very good .
very cool and serene atmosphere with impeccable service .
i love the way it looks inside .
the ambiance is fun , trendy , and modern !
the atmosphere here is really nice and relaxing .
the sushi was amazing !
and i loved the yellowtail sashimi !
the palms roll is an absolute must .
trust me , just go there and order it .
the bbq ribs were also good .
the service was excellent .
i ordered the george roll and it was delicious !
overall the food was very good .
service was good as well .
our service was impeccable .
i also enjoyed the lychee martinis .
the sushi was absolutely delicious !
intimate , trendy and delicious .
the sushi was delicious .
some of the best i've had .
recommend the dragon rolls .
other than that service and food are excellent !
btw the cocktails are great also .
the fish dishes are very fresh !
i loved this place .
the sushi is fresh and flavorful .
overall i thought this place was great .
the lettuce wraps had a lot of flavor .
very cute space , its dark and intimate .
try the spicy salmon and scallop roll .
filet skewers were fantastic .
palms roll was also great .
pricing is fair for what you get .
the scallop and yellow tail sashimi are amazing .
this place is very good .
it compares to pf changs , but better !
the service was good and friendly too .
best tuna i've ever had !
very nice decor and the staff was very friendly .
it's so relaxing and calm .
the service is great .
great ambiance and good service .
the food was phenomenal !
the meat was tender and the sauces were tasty !
excellent pad thai as well .
best meal i've ever had .
fresh with that hint of wasabi burn .
my favorite restaurant in vegas !
i'd also recommend the lychee martini .
this place was great .
the ambiance , the food , and the service .
they love it and everyone is super nice .
win win for everyone .
well , i used to work here .
the view is wonderful , the service was great .
one of the best duck dishes i've ever had .
okay this place is very classy and romantic .
so i took a star away because of him .
simply put , this place is excellent .
it's a pretty romantic place as well .
it's also very pricey .
the salmon was delicious .
it was the best salmon i had forever .
that was the best dish in the restaurant .
very pricey but well worth it .
wonderful view , wonderful service .
the food was always great .
the view is the best in vegas for sure .
the staff was very professional and accomodating .
the service was impeccable .
everyone was very attentive and on top of things .
great food served in a great atmosphere .
alize was definately a good choice !
yes it was expensive but worth it .
the entire experience was cordial and polished .
more importantly , the food was absolutely delicious .
all were cooked perfectly .
the food certainly matched the incredible view .
the food is great and the view is phenomenal .
lol it was so good .
fantastic view and excellent tasting menu .
this is one of the best .
the service and food was outstanding .
everything was absolutely perfect !
service was great , as expected .
excellent flavors and impeccable service .
duck breast and spicy quinoa was a good pairing .
loved the poached pear .
awesome views , service , and food !
great selection of wine on an ipad .
definitely one of best restaurants in the city .
in short , it's a great restaurant .
the view is breathtaking of course .
a great experience that will not disappoint .
great food , great atmosphere and great service !
had a great time !
wonderful , can't wait for next time .
beautiful view + awesome view !
four of us dined here .
the view is fantastic !
every dish was outstanding !
the presentation alone was amazing !
amazing view and service .
the presentation and service is outstanding !
the fish was soo good .
drop dead views , incredible service and amazing food .
service is very good .
it was a perfect way to spend valentine dinner .
and nice view too .
best french restaurant in vegas !
great time with my boy !
one of the best restaurants in vegas .
the souffl and creme brle are wonderful .
perfect for special occasions .
amazing views , service and food !
great seafood and steaks !
the food is absolutely mind blowing .
the views overlooking las vegas are spectacular .
everything about this place is just amazing .
best food and view in vegas hands down !
it is certain to wow anyone you take there .
i would recommend it for this alone .
the food is excellent .
definitely a special occasion type of place .
easily the best meal i have ever had .
the food is excellent .
had a great dinner here two nights ago .
the view is spectacular !
the service is top notch as well .
the food was also excellent .
had the seared foie gras and it was wonderful .
nice and friendly services .
totally worth the price and time .
pricey , but worth it .
this place is great !
it was a great environment and wonderful atmosphere .
incredible service , food and the view is awesome .
best foie that i've ever had .
try the " beautiful lady " after dinner shot .
service overall was excellent without being overbearing .
highly recommended if you want a romantic place .
had a really nice feel overall .
my experience was beyond exceptional .
the service was great .
i truly enjoyed this restaurant and will be back !
came here with a friend .
fantastic food , great view and service .
highly recommend for french foodie .
a lovely experience each time .
food was phenomenal service was spectacular .
very tasty and not over filling .
great for a special occasion or a date .
one of the best dinning experiences of my life !
chef 's tasting menu is amazing !
great service , great food and an amazing view !
the food was delicious .
i would highly recommend the bison t-bone !
it was still as good as we remembered .
thank you for such an outstanding evening .
overall , our experience was excellent .
the food is tasty and the presentation is fabulous .
will definitely plan a return visit .
a destination for celebration !
with the meal comes a fancy drink as well .
the view of the strip was spectacular .
the service was more than incredible .
we felt like rich people being serviced .
it was an incredible experience !
the creme brle was outstanding as well .
impeccable service , and an outstanding experience all together .
the flavors complimented each other and everything was fresh .
the view itself was great at night .
what a great experience .
that birthday present was a cute little chocolate cake .
it was super delicious .
the view is beautiful !
delicious from apps to dessert !
one of my favorites !
every detail was perfect .
the food was amazing .
unexpectedly good food and friendly , personal service .
thanks for a great dinner !
you're in for a very special treat !
the ambiance was great as well .
i will definitely come back for another special occasion .
great conversation and super personable .
i wish i could give it more stars !
we loved the french onion soup in an onion .
the view is great !
food and wine list are excellent .
definitely will me back !
i really enjoyed the foie gras !
one of the best meals ever .
this was just a great experience !
but definitely will be back .
the view is great !
food and wine list are excellent .
definitely will me back !
amazing service , amazing view , and amazing food .
the whole experience was worth the price .
great place for a date !
the food was amazing .
highly recommend taste menu .
service is super professional .
it's not inexpensive , but it is special .
the view , of course , was phenomenal .
i love this place , five star service !
i will definitely be coming back to this place .
the dcor is impressive and the service is outstanding .
great service and a great view .
the foie gras was amazing !
the view was amazing !
expensive but worth every penny .
definitely an experience and worth trying .
it was just a magical meal .
every dish is prepared to perfection .
their drinks are great as well .
the only word i can use is amazing .
had a great time !
this place is amazing !
great views , amazing food and wine pairings .
loved everything about this gem of a restaurant .
incredible view , amazing staff , delicious mouth-watering food .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
food & view was nice specially in the evening .
amazing service , menu and experience !
it was quiet and intimate .
friendly staff and delicious food !
family owned business and great food !
the fried rice is the best !
the service was very slow but wonderfully accommodating .
this was a delightful place to happen upon !
the rolls were great .
the atmosphere was fun , the service excellent .
and the chef easy to work with and creative .
the eel roll are great .
i'll definitely bring my service here next time !
absolutely awesome sushi place .
the sushi is made great !
it's my favorite sushi place in town .
this place is awesome .
the owner is always extremely nice and welcoming .
great service and great food .
very good , and their prices are great !
great food and very friendly people .
would recommend to everyone .
definitely worth trying out for anyone .
i recommend it to every friend who visits vegas .
it was pretty cool .
it was just as good the second time .
it's definitely my first choice for sushi .
best local sushi in vegas !
the chef kenny is awesome !
all you can eat .
always good sushi and the service is pretty good .
the sashimi tasted really fresh and delicious .
all in all , it was a good experience .
the prices are very reasonable too .
i was so excited to do it !
staffs are really nice and friendly !
we love it yummy !
however the guys behind the bar are so fun .
quality sushi and service !
great food at a good price .
kenny is great too !
you've got to come try it !
i come here all the time with my friends !
will always be here !
everyone was very friendly .
everything was so delicious .
friendly staff fast and efficient .
came for ayce and we got it !
great rolls & great service !
delicious food and good service .
the fish is always very fresh .
the staff is very friendly .
the have cool music playing too , great atmosphere .
keep it up and please start serving half rolls !
the sushi were really good .
the server were good and fast .
i recommend this place !
server are friendly and welcoming .
i'll definitely be back !
will definitely go back when next in vegas .
the sushi here is great !
very fresh and flavorful .
also the avocado and the cucumber was fresh .
best sushi in town .
my newest favorite addition is sol .
very nice staff and sushi was on point !
was super delicious with great service .
fish was fresh and very unique .
love all the menu options .
popcorn lobster is my favorite .
it was very good food .
fish is so fresh .
excellent value , exceptional quality .
absolutely the best ayce sushi in las vegas .
lobster roll was excellent .
outstanding service , attentive waitresses .
come here and you will be happy !
lots of options on all you can eat .
an all you can eat that can't be beat .
so friendly and their new menu rocks .
the service is great .
the kitchen clean and fast .
and the sushi is amazing .
great service , amazing food and a fun time .
the craftsmanship of the rolls is superb .
nice place with good food .
all you can eat special .
really good sushi , always fresh , & delicious !
the service is very friendly .
great vibe , fresh sushi and very nice staff .
first time here tonight !
udon was nice and balanced .
overall very good restaurant and highly recommend it .
it's my first time to this sushi spot .
the servers were very helpful and attentive .
it's a little more but so worth it .
the sushi has been amazing !
definitely will come back again .
the popcorn lobster roll is amazing !
friendly staff and great food .
awesome music is also awesome .
i love the japanese lasagna here .
good quality fish and sushi rice .
great for a large group of friends .
extremely delicious ayce with great service .
this might just be our new fave !
other than that , loved it !
decent price , good quality sushi .
very prompt and friendly .
every single roll i ordered was superb !
most definitely my new fave spot !
i absolutely love this place .
highly recommend you try it- at least once !
friendly customer service & great sushi with fresh fish !
will be coming back !
the food was amazing couldn't have been better .
very clean and the workers were well groomed .
always nice to find an awesome ayce sushi spot .
definitely try the popcorn lobster .
one of my personal favorites !
two thumbs up for sure !
and very kindness service welcome everyone !
it was a great lunch place !
my boyfriend and i love this place !
it's our go to for sushi .
great service and prices !
stumbled upon this place on vacation with friends .
actually all dishes were great !
we let the chef surprise us and weren't disappointed !
great sushi extremely fresh great service .
super awesome upbeat music great vibe .
would defiantly recommend it !
will definitely be coming back .
my top pick for ayce !
very happy with everything for my ayce experience .
we have enjoyed this place for years .
the staff is also very friendly .
great late night sushi spot !
great sushi great prices !
friendly service , awesome sushi .
definitely a great choice for sushi in las vegas !
rolls are huge and delicious .
will definitely come back here .
all you can eat menu was delicious !
fun place for a date or casual dinner .
theyre super friendly and really quick .
everything was fresh and tasted great .
the service was great .
we will definitely be back soon !
their menu has so many adventurous and delicious options !
their appetizer list for dinner is also very impressive !
i'll definitely be coming back !
wow , great fresh sushi and wonderful service .
good all you can eat at a decent price !
service was fast and friendly .
the orange blossom was an unexpected delight .
this was very good !
you'll get you money 's worth unlike other places !
quick and great service .
favorite sushi spot in vegas .
sushi always tastes fresh & the service is great !
i really enjoyed it here !
i got ayce & im very happy about it .
the food is good .
i am happy that i trusted her .
thank you so much .
it's was the best sushi in vegas !
i loved the philly rolls and oysters !
we will come back !
the sushi was great !
good service as well !
all you can eat dinner is worth the price .
a lot to choose from .
also the service was smiling and very attentive !
we will be back next vegas trip !
best baked scallop roll i've had in vegas !
the service for us was quick .
they also have a selection of non fish rolls !
our waitress was great and very friendly .
got k pop playing in the background !
great menu selection for all you can eat sushi !
we got seated and served right away .
i will definitely come back again .
awesome place to eat !
always friendly and the food is delicious .
i definitely recommend this place any day !
great spot for all you can eat .
staff super friendly , food tastes great .
overall we had a great time !
this place is phenomenal !
service is great , the sushi is always fresh .
we love the staff .
such awesome and good people .
pretty good ayce sushi restaurant .
it was very good here .
fresh food and served quick .
i like the delicious sushi here !
very clean and nice place .
sushi here is tasty and of okay size .
but still , the fish is fresh and yummy .
i freaking love this place .
make sure it's spicy .
first time here and definitely coming back .
great selection on the all you can eat menu .
great menu and service is great !
clean , decent and not to pricy !
the fresh oysters are so so good !
my husband loved baked mussels too .
customer service is very good .
favorite spot boyfriend and i love going to .
popcorn lobster roll is amaze .
and it's a huge portion .
it's a meal in and of itself !
the yellowtail was very fresh .
dessert is also included and the options are delicious !
this new team is amazing !
finally we can enjoy great food and good service .
good sushi in vegas !
good service with a good price !
i love that they play japanese music videos here !
it's entertaining to watch .
fresh , good sushi here .
best sushi i've ever had .
quaint sushi restaurant in vegas .
good food and great customer service !
this place is great for dinner !
great appetizers , favorite was baked green mussels !
good food , better service .
service was quick and friendly as well .
the service here was amazing .
ayce was great tons of choice !
they were very friendly and served us very fast .
great service , knowledgable staff -- wonderful food .
everything we ordered was delicious !
this is my fav !
sushi spot in vegas !
it's al was so darn good !
and i love the videos !
the prices are reasonable and staff are really friendly .
i also liked the ambiance and music .
they have cute k pop music in the background .
top notch ayce sushi .
well worth a visit !
thanks and see you soon !
this is the best .
staff was nice too .
service is great always accommodating our big group !
what i love most was the service here .
will definitely come back .
we come here at least once a month !
they are very kind and attentive .
definitely recommend for anyone who loves ayce .
great place for a lunch special near the strip !
great food and service !
always great sushi and service !
really fresh and yummy fish too !
creative menu with lots of unique choices .
the food is amazing !
service is absolutely wonderful .
owners take excellent care of thier customers also .
will be back again soon !
found my new spot !
i love this place !
all the servers are so nice and patient .
hip environment and friendly staff .
this place is great , never disappoints .
service is always very good as well .
it was fresh and delicious .
would highly recommend it .
sounded good so i went with it .
the food is really good .
we ordered a sexy roll which was decent .
first class roll was awesome .
the service was excellent and on top of everything .
the all you can eat is a steal !
the service was also great .
the all you can eat is a must .
the sushi is fresh and delicious !
our server , jay , was awesome !
really nice sweet guy !
the hours are great , too .
i highly recommend it .
great place to enjoy a nice sushi lunch .
family enjoyed our meal , service is great .
everyone is so nice and friendly.
we'll definitely come back here again .
i enjoyed myself here .
the food was pretty tasty ; portions are excellent .
delicious sushi , great service , and great price .
great sushi great service !
all you can eat !
staff is friendly and attentive .
we found our new spot .
what a great place .
great service and food .
the service is also really great .
huge selection and good quality .
the peach sangria is delish !
very tasty sushi , great service and friendly staff .
rolls were very well balanced .
we'll definitely be back soon !
definitely check this place out !
food came quickly and was great .
good food a+ service .
keeps me away from cooking at home .
the food here is decent .
good service , good food .
the coffee hit the spot .
we love the holiday pumpkin breakfast .
the service was good .
her service is extraordinary .
her personality is perfect for her position .
food fortunately was excellent so worth the wait .
very clean and comfortable restaurant .
staff super friendly , food always great .
thank you to all the cooks !
will definitely be coming back !
the food and service was excellent .
thank you juan for the great experience .
she was very friendly and always smiling .
over all the food was good .
good job brittany and others we enjoyed our meal .
always excellent service here .
the food is good .
their customer oriented approach sets them apart !
northwest traffic school was a great experience .
they had a beautiful facility and a great instructor .
rich was fantastic and very helpful .
northwest driving school is definetely the best hands down .
thank you rich , very much appreciated !
thank you northwest driving school !
i highly recommend this school for all my friends .
my son loves this class .
it is so much fun for both of us .
the front desk staff if friendly and helpful .
it's affordable and my daughter likes her instructors .
we also love that there are big viewing windows .
the teacher is patient and cheerful .
this place is fantastic .
my daughter loves them .
the staff couldnt be more wonderful !
the kids do a great job !
anything disney is magical to me .
very helpful and friendly !
they also have a great stock !
fortunately we found mail link .
it's a very casual , laid back place .
but they get it done and make it work .
it's unpretentious , but efficient and cost effective .
they are professional and efficient .
awesome company to work with .
eric and team are awesome !
this is a really good learning is fun .
always returns my messages of concerns .
she was nice and helpful .
he takes his time and is very nice .
pizza was good , as always .
this location is recommended .
note : it's in the target shopping center .
their online ordering system is extremely easy .
delivery dude was nice .
very accommodating and helpful !
i love nina , she is fabulous !
this location has great sales .
good job we will be back .
but it was worth it .
the folks have done a fantastic job here !
my son and i had so much fun here .
great for the kiddos .
this place is cool .
it's a great family friendly place in vegas !
i really enjoyed this museum !
wow , so cool !
i recommend to bring your child here .
he saved my daughters life .
thanks for piercing my nose !
awesome and quick service .
the vendors in here are very pleasant .
we had an awesome breakfast in their clubhouse !
the waitress was very friendly and accommodating !
their driving range was a lot of fun !
fairways are full and greens in great condition .
love love this store !
great finds in such a tucked away place !
kevin & tom are awesome .
fast , honest and friendly .
they are knowledgeable , honest and reasonably priced !
i will definitely continue to use this place .
their honest reliable and most of all they care .
you are the best !
will for sure go back to your shop !
( and i remembered to breathe this time !
would recommend for piercings 10/10 !
i will continue to come back .
adrian is a great dude !
definitely would recommend going here and using adrian .
there are lots of tables and a clean bathroom .
the veggies are always fresh and look amazing .
my yelp app looks really nice on this phone .
i'm a big fan .
the customer service was amazing .
for the best deals .
thank everyone who works here is so nice .
i had an awesome experience here .
always great service here !
fantastic selection and quick repair turnaround .
they hooked me up !
you'll probably find something you like .
i love this place !
it came with fries .
so unhealthy but so good .
you must eat here !
i'm actually watching it right now .
hmmm , let 's see .
best stromboli in vegas period .
we will definitely be back !
the service was friendly and attentive .
definitely a local place .
the crust was the best part .
has a nice crisp texture and soft inside .
order the stromboli and you'll leave happy .
definitely stick with the stromboli !
both has amazing flavor and were relatively cheap .
bring someone to share it with you !
and my dad really liked his calzone .
that said , it's pretty much a dive bar .
the stromboli was excellent .
the staff is also very friendly .
check your upscale image at the door .
enjoy this hidden gem !
it's worth a stop if you're in the area .
amazing food and service !
will definitely go back next time in vegas .
lightly breaded pure lean white meat .
definitely a dive with good bar food .
it was fresh and delicious and made from scratch .
the portion is huge and it's freaking awesome .
dive but in a good way .
our waitress was very nice and sweet .
best stromboli in all the land !
fast , friendly service .
food was pretty good .
they will thank you !
best stromboli i ever ate !
everything we had was great !
the chili cheese fries are great too.
as good as it gets for comfort food !
this place is the best .
great food and cold beer at reasonable prices .
just a great place .
i'll definately go back when i'm in vegas .
good service and great food .
the best stromboli i've ever had .
but my favorite place to drink in general .
great pizza and wings , old vegas favorite .
probably better for adults if you dine in .
great customer service and again amazing food !
oh and prices are very reasonable .
i love this place !
have to love this place for what it is .
pay attention to happy hour times .
they have great prices on everything .
sat at the bar , great service .
justin took great care of us .
cold glasses for the beer are a huge plus !
great place to watch football .
seriously going back just to see these two guys !
i will definitely be back , again !
the service was excellent and so was the food .
the dough was really tasty and soft .
its great value and good bar food .
ranch dressing homemade and works with fries and wings .
stromboli is good i heard .
my friend got me hooked .
best stromboli in vegas .
the crust for both stromboli and pizza is outstanding .
the best stromboli i ever had in my life .
meatball and original are spectacular .
everyone is super friendly .
the service is really great .
i will go there many more times !
it's actually around the side on jones .
it was so good we ordered another to go !
mike the chef was great too .
ashley was a wonderful server !
a true dive worth visiting !
the best stromboli they have .
here and they do enjoy the food .
best service and food !
the service and food are just great .
best bar in vegas .
also there hot wings were really good too .
this place is a true blue dive bar .
great burgers and the stromboli is awesome !
such an excellent place close to the strip .
love , love , love this place !
everything is so good .
and the staff is super friendly .
my family and my friend always come here .
the best of the best " dive bar " .
best place to eat in vegas .
bartenders are hardworking and friendly .
really friendly staff , good drinks and food .
lots of local unlv crowd which is good .
the waitress was fun and the food was good .
me and my wife visit vegas alot !
service was great also .
super friendly service and good food .
they have great lunch specials .
at first , they were great .
still over all , it's good stuff .
great " old vegas " restaurant .
a total dice with excellent food and service .
greasy , delicious messy goodness .
off the beaten track but well worth it .
well , the other reviews were correct .
coleslaw was amazing as well !
i love this place .
the stromboli 's are amazing .
see y'all next time !
was a great place !
definitely going to go back !
i love this place .
it is def the best dive bar around .
the service is nice and the food is great .
the bartender was amazing and the company was great .
the stromboli was big and tasty .
the service was good .
the fingers and stromboli were excellent !
fun little dive bar .
the stromboli was amazing .
loved the pizza and our server !
best pepperoni pizza i've had in vegas .
thanks for a great local experience .
great stromboli which was large enough to share .
thanks go to our waitress for the fun visit .
ahh , this place is seriously so good .
the place is wonderful .
its always full of locals !
the stromboli is also delicious .
definitely a place for great dive bar food !
mario and team are tremendous .
the chicken wings are also amazing there .
definitely a spot in vegas i will return to !
their new value menu is pretty darn special .
and the mini bacon quesadilla was delicious .
cheaper than taco hell and better .
epic burritos are to die for .
but this jiffy lube was fantastic .
the jiffy lube staff was perfect !
it was the wonderful experience you hope for .
in and out , hassle free & simple .
we'll definitely be back : ) thanks guys !
great , quick , friendly service .
these guys have great customer service and are honest .
they did an awesome job on my car .
i will definitely be back again !
this jiffy lube is always quick and efficient !
always great food and hassle free .
i will continue to use them in the future !
these guys are the best !
they are professional , courteous , and on time .
they will fix it right the first time !
smart , efficient , and cost effective .
the best mac service ever in vegas !
these guys are really nice and very helpful .
it is fantastic to see that type of service .
keep up the good work guys !
i'd recommend them to friends .
the next morning , success !
friendly , knowledgable , and fair .
very very highly recommended .
i highly highly recommend this place .
they did an excellent job on my laptop !
they saved me - simple as that .
great breakfast place with wonderful grits .
good service , down home charm .
we love this place !
we found on yelp that this one serves grits .
my omelet was also excellent .
well worth the visit .
great sevice , nice and clean , great menu !
will go back very soon , again !
i'll keep it short and sweet .
me : pork chop was delicious !
the staff is hard-working and super friendly .
definitely worth a visit !
i was craving a great breakfast .
we'll definitely be back !
very vintage and retro .
it's a good old family restaurant .
the service is great and the food is good .
comfort food at its finest .
great local breakfast place !
i recommend this place to everyone !
this place is just simple .
food will also help you feel like you're there .
simple , but good .
had breakfast here today , everything was delicious .
i highly recommend for breakfast and lunch .
great and attentive staff .
the food is always fresh , and consistent .
the staff is always warm , upbeat and friendly .
love the warm family style atmosphere .
its always inviting and and never disappointing .
all to die for !
the food is home-made so it's delicious .
the staff is excellent and friendly .
make sure to try a slice of cake .
had breakfast and everything was good .
yelp comes thru again .
really moist and unforgettable !
delicious sausage well made gravy perfectly poached egg .
see you next trip brian and staff !
very clean with reasonable prices .
also features several senior specials .
food is average but good with good service .
we will return in the future with friends .
be careful or you'll drive right by it .
will come back next time we visit vegas !
great simple and very cozy ambience .
the food was great and price very reasonably .
the food is great , homemade and really tasty !
great food & excellent service !
highly recommend for breakfast .
what an amazing church to hold a wedding .
be sure to come early because it gets packed .
this church is absolutely beautiful .
i always go here every sunday .
best place in town .
so you get great deals .
i love dillard 's .
so everyone was stopping us , taking to us .
so anyway , we found some fabulous deals !
lol he said , wow !
just love looking for the bargains .
ahhh , the decatur !
home made by the local clientele and delicious !
highly recommend this classic dive .
every time we go we have a great time .
great prices and a very old vegas feel !
i refer all my friends and family here .
super helpful , knowledgeable and friendly .
we've always ordered and picked it up .
great service and delicious hamburgers !
best pork fried rice !
finally we have options for good clothing !
i absolutely adore this place .
great customer service at this store .
i am so happy !
stylists very friendly and skilled .
what a great experience !
we'll keep coming back .
tequila , tamales and ceviche !
both of them were good .
my new favorite store !
they have a great meat department as well .
talk about customer service !
it's fresh and bright .
great back to school prices .
great place to shop for work clothes .
both were extremely knowledgeable and friendly .
i love going to this bank .
very attentive and helps me the best he can .
service department was very friendly and efficient as well !
was a great experience .
he is a great listener and is patient .
i recommend this establishment .
highly recommend this dealership .
i came in and picked it up today .
they go above and beyond for their customers here .
but still love this place !
we had a wonderful meal and great company .
thank you jesus and the chefs !
always fresh always good service .
overall good service and tasty food .
love ya kim this place is great !
will definitely have to stop by more often !
definitely everything on the menu is delicious .
they presented very nice on the mashed potatoes .
the food was absolutely amazing .
will definitely be coming back soon !
the service here was excellent !
the seafood was fresh and prepared properly .
i had a very good experience .
family friendly and food is consistently good !
very fresh and hot !
service was good too !
and it's right off highway !
my personal fav is the popcorn shrimp !
great food and top notch service .
it was stuffed and really good .
all you can eat biscuits too !
the the salmon new orleans was a huge portion !
first time here , food was great .
we came in and got seated right away .
our waitress linda was amazing .
tonight , the hostess was very nice and personable .
had the best experience there today for lunch .
he went above and beyond !
the biscuits were amazing as usual !
the food and service at this location are exceptional .
out waitress was kim and was great !
favorite red lobster ever !
even when i eat to go it's always great .
that 's the vibe i get !
linda was a great server !
always keep your auto part receipts .
love the staff and service here !
staff is seriously cool , funny and knowledgable !
nice that all pep boys stores offers these services .
best location in vegas for car work by far !
your food is amazing !
keep up the great work !
very professional staff , great dentist .
great thick cut prime meats .
a friendly neighborhood great american landmark .
this butcher shop is very good .
quality selection , great people , good stuff !
quality meat at a great price .
this place is a vegas institution and fantastic .
i love larry 's .
larry 's is the best butcher in town .
i think this place is great !
great quality and fair prices too !
one of the great hanging beef butcher shops ever .
i will certainly continue my patronage with larry 's !
the selection was top notch .
i will be back !
stoked to see this family joint still going strong !
these are the best cuts in town .
and the pricing is great to boot !
the staff is uber friendly as well .
this is the best butcher shop i've been too .
the guys are friendly and nice .
very good " choice " beef !
they have a great selection of different meats .
the staff is so nice .
meats are gorgeous , and such a variety .
and the service was good !
larry 's is great .
my favorite meat shop in las vegas !
and the meats are awesome !
just ask and they are happy to give suggestions .
also , their selection is awesome .
everything we got was delicious .
even the beef jerky is delicious .
everyone i have met is very helpful and honest .
i will continue to come back here .
i have never received anything less that great here .
great shop , enjoy !
i love the cycle gear on decatur !
they do offer military discounts as well !
i will be right over .
i am a very happy customer !
the staff is awesome !
awesome service from knowledgeable employees .
super knowledgeable staff and is always helpful .
i thoroughly enjoyed spending money there .
the employees are very knowledgeable and friendly .
thanks tanner and kristin for your smiles .
i'm a customer for life thanks guys .
he helped me fit all my motorcycle gear .
definitely will be back .
i will definitely be back .
this is my favorite lb store in vegas .
but i always say quality is always worth it !
i buy all my bras here .
so helpful and friendly .
she is the absolutely the best .
love her already and we just met .
she was incredibly helpful , friendly and fun .
i thought that was so cool .
i just learned they will price match .
thanks as always guys !
always a fair service .
i received amazing service at this location .
it was beautifully decorated .
he was very polite and professional .
place was organized and clean .
they are having the best sale ever .
the salesperson and surprisingly helpful .
but it's all for a good cause .
have a great day !
i was very happy with the attendants here .
i had a fantastic visit .
thank you so much for an amazing stay !
this place is amazing !
went to sign up for member appreciation day today .
the front desk was super friendly and warm .
maureen was an excellent tour guide .
reminds me most of my y back home .
the room is big and just got new floors !
the staff very helpful and friendly !
i love this place !
hours are good as well .
not bad but could be improved .
it's a really comfortable atmosphere .
kelly was sooooo amazing !
i love these guys !
by far the best in the valley .
great company , great customer service , great work .
best word that comes to mind is results !
the food is great !
super friendly staff , delicious food .
this is my favorite little bar .
the food is awesome !
kim and andy provide awesome service as well .
i loved the new cotton lemonade scent .
but my visit here was amazing !
middle of the lane mall .
the food court looked decent .
the security team seems very professional .
times and the digital world have changed a lot .
it's a really family oriented mall .
great location for all those located north & northwest .
lol and that can take care of themselves .
women and girls u will love it .
this place is fine .
it serves a purpose for everyone .
so going into an air conditioned mall was nice .
the rest rooms are mostly clean .
i love see 's candies .
that 's always a bonus .
it's an authentic cheese steak .
this place is great .
fresh bread from philly .
makes me want to move to las vegas .
i love the meat .
i love the bread .
i love the grilled onions .
its kinda pricey , but well worth it .
this place is great !
i will be going back !
pop 's has the best breakfast sandwich !
steak , eggs , cheese !
also , the turkey sandwich is top flight !
open 24/7 and it's always very hot !
well this place was a surprise !
pride of philly ( pops ) gets it right .
the service was very friendly .
they know how to make some excellent cheese steaks !
service was fast and prices were decent .
food is definitely worth the drive .
omg , it was fantastic !
best philly cheesesteaks in the southwest !
service : good and quick service .
worth a drive by and pick up !
it was really good !
i crave them all the time .
can tell meat has something special source in it .
the best philly cheesesteak sandwich i have ever had .
the fries were a good compliment as well .
i personally liked the bbq pork grinder the most .
the guys here are great , terrific service !
i'd definitely go here again !
i love their mushroom + jalapeno sandwich !
they have some good sweet potato fries too !
the best steak sandwich place ever !
stop by it'll be worth it .
by the way , the rolls are amazing !
love love love this place !
it was right up my alley .
this is one of our favorite places .
the food is good here .
still , though , it's good food .
and they prep it super quick .
this place is amazing .
loved the fried green beans and their okra !
service was fast and the workers were cool !
keep up the good work !
prices have gone up but its worth it .
best cheese steak in las vegas !
always hot & made to order .
hit up this spot if you are in vegas !
will def come again .
love their onion rings .
best cheese steaks in all of vegas !
love love love pop 's !
anyone that tells you otherwise is incorrect .
i was actually really impressed with this place .
the fried okra was amazing !
the cheesesteak is the best in vegas .
best sauce for sweet potato fries .
the best in vegas hands down !
nonetheless they are the best !
but it was well worth it .
sandwich was tasty and the roll soft .
i was very happy .
my husband loves this place .
quick , greasy , delicious .
the whiz is hot and plentiful .
the onions are caramelized and delicate .
my search has lead me to pop 's .
they also have amazing chili cheese fries !
best philly cheesesteak i ever had .
best philly cheesesteaks i've ever had !
actually everything on their menu is delicious !
fantastic hoagies and sides as well .
off the beaten path but worth the drive .
will drive the distance to go here !
oh well , take it as you will .
i would recommend this place though .
the sandwich is huge and always stuffed !
their fried okra is also tasty !
i would definitely recommend this place .
very authentic , you can definitely taste the freshness .
definitely will fill you up .
also the cheesesteaks were really good .
will definitely come back .
some of the best philly steaks i've tried .
o yea they have tasty cakes !
i can dine in at home !
people are always friendly and food is great .
great great quick place to eat !
but grabbing to go is good as well .
be sure to grab extra napkins !
loved the sweet potato fries .
they did a great job seasoning the meat .
perfect amount of meat and cheese .
tip : stay away from the sides .
it's worth your time for a quick philly grab .
good steak very tender , provolone melted all throughout .
onions grilled and sweet .
bread was soft and fresh .
will return , good locals joint .
eat well and often !
will definitely start being a regular here .
loved the delicious food and the atmosphere .
employees are super nice .
amazing food , amazing service .
best cheesesteaks in the city , hands down .
staff is super friendly !
a las vegas classic .
they have decent pub quality fried mushrooms .
las vegas hidden gem !
i recommend the bbq pork sandwich and fried zucchini .
i love love love pop 's .
the cheese whiz is so amazing .
i also love their chili .
the helpings are so big .
will definitely be coming back !
you can't ever please everyone .
one of my favorite in sight hidden gems .
this place is soooo good !
this place is amazing .
the onion rings were so crispy and amazing too .
the wings were pretty good .
but the food was good .
i will most certainly be back !
the bread is authentic philly cheese steak bread !
i've always had excellent service and great quality food .
this is a great place for great food fast .
definitely worth the drive .
the bread was soft and fresh .
really good onion rings too !
i will be back !
always hot and fresh ingredients .
and the green bean fries wow .
keep up the outstanding work pops !
great philly 's and sandwiches .
service always seems good .
so there 's a wait but so worth it !
the food is always good !
but well worth it !
great food & awesome costumer service .
i recommend the philly cheese steak .
the best philly cheese steak we have ever had .
slightly greasy , but in a good way .
they're just the best .
the food was good .
i would definitely recommend you give it a try .
great service , outdoor seating , fresh ingredients !
will definitely be going back .
he loved his and i was impressed with mine .
these guys are great .
customer service is terrific .
everyone was so nice and accommodating .
everything is clean and organized .
she's really precise and i love that .
definitely give this place a try .
the nail shop was clean .
i definitely will be going back !
they take their time with their work .
i would highly recommend coming to top nails .
definitely will go back .
noticed this place is packed and had good reviews .
my nails always look great !
everyone was very nice !
they are also nice .
first time there and had a great experience .
would definitely recommend this place .
they have great customer service & very friendly .
i absolutely recommend this nail salon to everyone !
loved this nail place !
ken and his wife are so nice .
the gel nails stayed on for a good time .
definitely worth waiting and coming here .
the owner is very friendly too .
fair and accurate estimates .
thank you for all your help .
they truly did an impeccable job .
thank you fast fix !
the customer service was great .
i appreciate it your work .
they are quick and perfect .
she's always been very talkative and wonderful .
this place is good .
great guys to hang out with .
great job on the hospitality guys !
great selection of cigars , music , cocktails .
i'll be going back .
relaxing atmosphere and great service .
great atmosphere with wonderful live jazz music .
very friendly and cozy place to mellow out .
bomb cigars and great bartender !
got ta come in .
all in a very pleasant atmosphere .
great find off of the las vegas strip !
everyone here was extremely friendly , accommodating and hospitable .
this place us a total gem !
great place to hang out while in vegas .
this place was great .
what a great place !
price seems decent and overall a winner !
it's a timeshare , btw .
the front desk is friendly .
the rooms are great , too .
having these items are huge brownie points for me !
perfect place to stay .
what a beautiful place to stay !
the best is the location .
right on the strip between mgm and cosmo .
i loved my stay here .
we'd definitely stay here again .
this place is a really good deal .
the staff was very nice and helpful as well .
very impressive condo style .
perfect location on the strip .
great service and good location on the strip .
right by the strip .
the pull out bed was surprisingly comfortable .
i'm an owner and i love staying here .
nice clean place to stay & great location .
definitely would come back here for another weekend !
the staff was very helpful as well .
great view from the pool on the roof .
i thought our room was excellent .
the room was beautiful and very updated .
i recommend this place highly .
the studio room is pretty small .
i stayed in one with a friend .
i stayed here for my sister 's wedding .
the view from the room is gorgeous .
we loved every minute of this vacation .
the staff is friendly and very welcoming .
rooms are beautiful and very spacious .
very satisfied with my stay .
hotel was very clean .
our room was really nice and clean .
it had a great view of the strip .
full kitchen with all the appliances and utensils .
the staff was so amazing !
my friends and i loved it here !
such an amazing hotel !
everything so clean and just well put !
i really liked the place .
the rooms are beautiful and clean .
very friendly service from entire hotel stuff .
the lobby smells nice and everything is pretty clean .
i actually love this place .
this place gets four stars for value only .
my favorite thing about this hotel is the pool !
we enjoyed our stay here this past weekend .
but it was comfortable and clean .
the breakfast buffet was very good .
thanks excalibur for making vegas memorable .
my favorite hotel to stay at .
rooms are good , place is cool .
i love the buffet they have .
my most recent stay at the excalibur was fantastic !
this is my new favorite hotel/casino on the strip .
very nice , clean , and relaxing .
this place is perfect .
i love the family friendly atmosphere .
i love those rooms !
thank you , excalibur !
me - " that 's right .
me - " oh , it's okay .
the staff is accommodating and pleasant .
i'm still a fan !
but great for people with no kids as well .
got good rate by internet .
for the price , this place is a steal .
the rooms are nicely kept .
i had an overall great experience in this hotel .
stayed at the excalibur last weekend and loved it !
overall i really like it here .
the employees were friendly and attentive .
stayed here in november and it was pretty good .
this place is perfectly fine .
small , but clean .
casinos are huge and smokey .
for the price of this room it was great !
but it is good til the next day .
good food at the planet hollywood buffet .
i just came back from a four day trip .
i recently stayed here and it was great .
rooms really big nice and clean .
i love staying here !
good hotel for the budget conscious .
lots of slots and a few tables .
i was pleasantly surprised .
totally made the trip even better .
the staff was really friendly and helpful .
will go back again !
huge tv , comfortable room and comfortable bed .
super affordable , and just enough .
the lady at reception was really nice and informative .
i would definitely stay here again !
had a great stay .
huge shower , bathroom , great beds .
easy to make your way around the hotel .
personally i love this place .
otherwise a great hotel !
great gaming and atmosphere !
house keeping did a great job to .
solid hotel , rooms are inexpensive and clean .
the outside is lit up and very cool .
plus the tournament of kings show is awesome !
overall , great stay .
for the money , it was an excellent value .
for the money , it gets no better !
i really enjoyed my stay here at the excalibur .
i really wished they carried blue moon .
good hotel for the price .
very clean and comfy rooms .
this has always been my home away from home .
i loved this place !
i love the bars there .
stayed in a new " contemporary room " .
pay the extra and you'll enjoy your stay .
well , you can , just don't gamble .
we had a decently nice view of the strip !
overall , my experience was very pleasant !
it actually turned out wonderful !
really enjoyed our stay here !
decent hotel at affordable prices .
the shops are cute and have pretty good prices .
they do have great restaurants in there .
i recommend this place .
the employees were really nice especially the housekeeping .
the casino is big with lots of slot machines .
they also had good choices of food places .
this hotel was very nice and clean .
that alone was worth it !
it looks great from the outside .
it is a good place .
everything is good though .
great value for a large clean room !
my family stayed here .
it was a nice clean room .
i loved the food court and the pool .
this hotel/casino is underrated .
the beds were really comfortable !
i remained calm and stayed nice .
good price for the strip .
the rooms were clean and the beds comfortable .
the staff is friendly .
great place for the price .
also on the good end of the strip !
i'll stay here every time !
express checkout was easy and quick .
my husband & i loved the hotel !
very clean & staff is very friendly !
definitely coming back to this hotel .
i had a very good experience at excalibur .
clean room , reasonable room service .
great location with plenty of shopping and restaurants .
wow is all i can say .
this was a nice hotel and great location .
our tower was renovated and new .
overall , i liked it .
being on the strip it also has great location !
very nice for the price .
makes a big difference .
love the price and location of this place .
all in all a good time .
the food options were good for us .
the spa was wonderful .
all the staff were great , supper service .
i loved staying here .
everything else was great .
book early on and get great pricing .
i had a wonderful stay here .
really cheap prices with really great service !
the room was also really clean .
every department is managed to the tee .
both times i have stayed at excalibur were great .
i loved the place .
helpful staff and the room was in great condition .
i was quite surprised how nice they were .
we love this place !
the pit boss ' and dealer 's are great !
definitely check out dick 's restaurant downstairs !
we will definitely be staying here again .
it was the first time that i stayed here .
nice and helpful staff n reasonable prices !
also a good spot for a little getaway .
excellent buffet with great service .
good job , excalibur !
hope you keep it up .
excellent buffet with great service .
the food options were amazing .
the spa was amazing and they have fantastic deals .
well worth every penny i spent !
nice hotel has everything in it .
the atmosphere is very lively .
i love excalibur and will be back soon .
for the price u pay it's well worth it .
my girlfriend loved the jacuzzi it was huge .
for me it was a really good room .
clean and with comfort .
the hotel itself offers so much you can do .
and the location on the strip is great .
great casino , good prices and great service .
great atmosphere and good with kids .
nice rooms and comfortable beds .
the hotel is old but its very clean .
i actually really like this place .
i always get good fast friendly services .
it's very bright and easy to navigate .
i definitely like this one best .
i liked the place .
really enjoy staying here .
great value for the price .
the pool area was really nice .
the staff was all very friendly .
in all honesty , i loved staying here !
great value , and overall great experience !
thank you both for your service .
will i come back to the hotel , absolutely .
enjoyed our view and the room was very clean !
best deal on the strip !
it's great for families , especially the pool .
kids will love the pool with the slides .
kind of on the edge of the strip .
i love staying here always do !
and also the excalibur hotel reminds me of disneyland !
other than that , great customer service downstairs !
good choices of food in the food court .
i really enjoyed my stay at excalibur .
otherwise , everything else was great !
the hotel and staff were amazing .
bathroom super nice , like brand new .
new bed , nice furniture .
i was very satisfied with everything .
mahalo for a fun time .
i love this hotel !
our view was amazing .
the vibe was great .
& we took home a lot of money !
a must see and highly recommended for all ladies !
keep up the good work !
extremely clean and the view was amazing .
i recommend this hotel to all friends and family .
the tournament of kings is always something to experience .
it is beautiful and luxurious hotel .
it's located on the strip which is prime location .
we would absolutely stay here again and recommend it .
the inside is nice too .
my friend said the buffet here is really good .
room was clean and nice .
so far it's quiet and decent .
it was quiet with very nice staff .
a good place to stay !
we will stay there again !
slots were fun , and paid well .
everything was pretty great and clean and inexpensive .
this is actually a pretty cool hotel and casino .
i love this hotel .
they have great customer service .
a lot of places to eat a drink .
we will definitely be back .
hotel was clean and staff was very nice .
we love playing here .
i will definitely continue to stay at this hotel .
had a great time with my friends .
just looked a little funny with nice upgrades .
i am pleasantly surprised with this hotel .
i got a very reasonable rate .
what really impressed me was the service though .
his customer service was above and beyond .
we'd return just to see his friendly face .
thanks excalibur for the amazing stay .
this is a fine hotel .
it gets the job done .
this is a decent place for a decent price !
the hotel room was nice and clean .
we enjoyed our stay !
best service of any hotel i've stayed in .
i love this hotel .
nice room for the price .
our room was nice and very comfortable .
we liked having the food court close by .
the concept is really interesting and fun !
i'm very happy with my choice .
the entire hotel is great .
there is a wide variety of dining options here .
i for one enjoyed this place .
also the buffet was amazing with great food !
everything was enjoyable and a memorable experience !
beds are comfortable and soft .
overall great hotel for a great price .
we took a chance and had a great experience .
our overall stay was great .
one of the best resorts in vegas .
there are plenty of places to eat and shop .
we had a very fun time .
would stay again staff was very friendly and helpful .
in general , rooms are nice and clean .
best souvenir i've ever brought back from vegas !
great job , alex !
the clerk was really friendly and nice .
i saved a few bucks !
i'm a huge fan of cvs .
cheap and actually very good .
well stocked because they know the tourists are coming .
my visit to this location was great .
seriously the biggest cvs i've ever seen .
all you need in one spot .
nice location for being on the strip .
they also have self check out .
store is clean and organized .
they carry a lot of products .
they also sell booze .
it's a big cvs .
one of my fav spots in vegas !
definitely a spot to visit while in vegas .
that about sums it up for me .
its right on the strip .
it was a life saver for us .
really nice layout and everything is new and updated .
overall a fine experience at this cvs .
great location of course .
this cvs is big and very convenient to tourists .
this place is huge !
location is great because it is close to everything .
but the place is huge and clean .
the international food court is a good choice .
overall the convention i attended was well organized .
nice place lots of walking !
i'm enjoying the las vegas convention center .
she was lovely and cheerful .
i think this is really great !
great venue for this show .
thank you las vegas convention center .
this convention center is great .
overall experience was great time .
so top marks for that .
bring your walking shoes , this place is huge .
clean and well run .
shit part of town .
just take a cab and you'll be fine .
the employees were always cleaning and keeping it up .
this place is massive !
give yourself an extra day .
both times were very pleasing .
the venue is very open and pretty large .
the staff also kept the place pretty clean .
great venue for events !
the convention center itself is pretty huge .
the interior is very well kept .
everywhere you look there seems to be a bathroom .
probably the biggest convention center i've ever seen .
what a great memory !
bond and his nurse practitioner are both wonderful .
the nursing staff are also very caring .
he's a great doctor and very accessible .
he answers all questions very well and very thorough .
that 's perfect cause kids get sick unexpectedly .
the office is clean and conveniently located .
will stick with this office .
i always thought their fries were good .
and the fries are still good .
i love this place !
i love bbq and this was definitely up there .
straightforward unpretentious food with good beer and good service .
i left this place a happy guy !
it is always crowded in here during lunch time .
decent prices , good menu and service .
food was good too .
everything was good including the beer of course .
my girl friend really liked the fried fish .
had a great time eating drinking and watching football .
good food and beer .
service was friendly and timely .
i absolutely love their happy hour !
the food was also delicious .
both were delicious served with garlic fries .
overall a great experience .
i love their ribeye gorgonzola .
good price , beer and food .
i've been there before and enjoyed it .
excellent service and food on a wednesday evening .
the burger was great too !
and the brownie was the best i'd ever had !
so good , great service .
the staff was very friendly and efficient .
our waitress helped us immediately with ordering our drinks .
the food was fine - enjoyed the fish tacos .
close to my office which really helps as well .
service is always awsome !
they brew an excellent selection of beer .
the food is good too .
great food and pretty good all around beer .
we enjoyed the food and the overall experience .
i walked out of their full , and happy !
the waiter was excellent and very friendly .
priced very well and the portions are great too !
the quality of the food was very good .
and the microbrews are also great .
the kobe sliders were delicious .
the waitress was beautiful and friendly .
i was very impressed with this location .
even the garlic spinach was delicious .
& the staff is very friendly .
he is extremely friendly and is very attentive .
but were very pleased with the food !
go to there happy hour .
garlic fries were amazing !
i was pleased with everything i ate .
always fresh and crisp .
the garlic fries is really amazing !
that hotel is magnificent at night .
loved the open feel to the restaurant .
house beers were great !
garlic fries are the best !
definitely come here again .
the beer here is pretty amazing and fresh .
always a great time .
very nice private room .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
quality beers and good food .
a nice break from the costs on the strip .
wide selection that should have something for everyone .
if you're in town , give it a try !
service was great and so was the food .
very impressed with breakfast .
excellent food and spirits .
andy is the best bartender las vegas !
definitely recommend this place !
she made our dinning experience the best time .
she was a pleasure to have as a server .
the staff and management is wonderful .
sunday brunch with a little bit of soul .
this place is jumping right at noon .
live music makes an environment so special .
but it is worth the risk .
we really enjoyed the outdoor seating .
happy hour on friday .
the menu offers a variety of food too .
they had live music and a lively dance floor .
my absolute favorite beer !
the hefeweizen is the best !
these guys have nailed perfection .
the root beer is a delight .
the chicken is tender and juicy .
very good food and even better beer .
i highly recommend this place .
yeah , i know i did !
the food was excellent and timely .
the wait staff was extremely attentive and friendly .
this place is amazing on sunday .
games on every tv and music sounds amazing .
a feel good atmosphere .
good food and drinks .
best burger i've had in quite a while .
even the vegetables that were served were outstanding .
my wife 's fish and chips were outstanding also .
its good service , very accommodating .
enjoying the patio as well .
definitely a great happy hour place in las vegas .
still , its probably delicious .
been there many times its good good good stuff .
yes it's greasy but so what it's good !
best pizza i've had outside of michigan .
great pizza and great vibes .
for sure my fave spot to go every thursday .
delicious and greasy just how i like it !
seriously it surprised me !
this place is good .
i love my pizza 's crispy .
the ingredients they use taste very fresh .
i love this place !
i will definitely be back here again .
get the metro well worth it .
take it into bar and enjoy with a beer .
the best pizza in town is at this location .
this pizza hit the spot !
good fresh sauce and delicious crust .
it was hot , fresh , and tasty !
the best pizza in town !
the first visit , the pizza was still incredible .
damn good thin crust , but not always consistent .
this place is so amazing .
love to get delivery .
best pizza i have found since ny .
great staff very friendly .
try their sausage , amazing .
metro pizza is always awesome !
i love their cool calendar of specials .
they are so generous with the toppings !
my sales guy chris was fantastic .
i really love their approach and their honesty .
most of all i feel very safe .
great place to stay !
friendly , helpful staff makes this place very comfortable .
i will be back again soon !
the decor is warm and comfy .
the pool is big and the jacuzzi rocks !
this is a great resort !
john and his staff are always helpful and friendly .
sundays are the best .
relax and eat and man watch !
this place made me extremely happy .
totally recommend this place .
wow i was in heaven .
totally recommending this place to all my friends .
this location is closed !
they moved all their product to the rainbow location .
this place is so fun !
we did and it was pretty fun .
super fun and interactive .
i especially enjoyed the haunted portion of the museum .
it was fun and scary .
two things i love !
but it is quite fun !
tons of great shots with the stars !
four stars and a hearty recommendation for this place .
great quality of work and lots of variety !
that or sexy ways , it depends .
it's definitely a great place to check out .
this place is good for an overall fun experience .
had a lot of fun here !
make sure to bring a camera .
really enjoyed my stop here !
my friend was satisfied .
it was ridiculously fun .
i love this place !
pretty much my favorite thing to do in vegas .
it was fun and worth the price of admission !
it's easy to find , right off the strip .
and that was very cool .
but yeah its neat .
some wax that looks really good !
we laughed a lot !
my party had a blast !
put fresh batteries in your camera first !
it was a great experience .
this place is a gem .
this place is awesome !
i had the best time in here .
a cool ( really ! )
if you are as well you're laughing right now .
this place was so fun !
there were so many famous faces everywhere !
just browse through and you'll find it .
definitely worth the time with the coupon .
this place was a lot of fun !
my wife and i really enjoyed ourselves here .
a great wax museum .
this place has a great presentation .
it was a nice experience .
the actors kept breathing on me .
we really enjoyed ourselves at madame tussauds .
the wax figures are amazing .
always a great time .
you tourists sure are funny !
this is a fun attraction in las vegas .
you can take all the photos you want .
overall , pretty good .
i am a huge fan of wax museums !
i loved this place !
but seriously , take your kids .
madame tussauds is a damn good time !
it's just amazing what they can do with wax .
this place made for a fun afternoon with friends .
i absolutely enjoyed the experience .
the figures look very life like .
everyone inside was having a blast .
it's well worth the admission price !
thought the exhibit was very fun and entertaining overall .
and surprisingly , they were incredibly realistic !
it was so much fun !
i had a good time with my daughter here .
i recommend this place .
this place was awesome !
it's quite small inside but a very fun experience .
i adore this place !
i love this exhibit !
great place to escape the heat too .
this place is so fun .
madame tussauds a night of family fun .
a fun little place .
we did it , and people were actually screaming !
great place to visit while in vegas .
very fun experience and discounts are available too .
madame tussauds was a cool experience .
you can take as many pictures as you want .
surprisingly they were really quiet .
this place is awesome !
wax figures look so realistic !
this place was fun .
i spent great moments in here !
this is a pretty fun place .
needless to say , we had a great time !
i love this place !
i had a great time here !
the detail was incredible !
the wax faces were amazing .
that was pretty cool .
was a great time !
they honestly look that real .
this place is awesome .
look for coupons , always available somewhere .
great break from the heat .
take lots of pictures and have a great time .
gift shop is loaded with all kinds of items .
my kids absolutely loved madame tussauds !
every time we visit it's a new experience .
we enjoyed it very much .
the quality of the wax figures was wonderful .
this place was so much fun !
i always enjoy going to the wax museum .
i had a great time there !
thanks for a great time !
definitely a good time !
definitely a fun place to visit .
this place is really cool .
we had such a good time here !
really felt like we got our money 's worth .
i had a great time in there .
one can actually take pictures with the wax figures !
at any rate , this is worth checking out .
the 2nd time was more fun than the 1st !
what a fun place to go .
i always enjoy going to wax museums .
be sure to take a ton of fun pictures .
that was also entertaining and a lot of fun .
wax figures look so real .
still a nice place to see .
fun to go to once .
what a great place to visit while on vacation .
they all look so real !
we love taking pictures and have a good time .
superior quality wax figures .
got to take pictures with stars !
see all the stars and take pics with them !
all in one spot .
it's even better now .
very reasonably price thing to do on the strip !
i absolutely loved madame tussauds !
everything looked so real , definitely worth every penny !
i loved the super hero movie adventure .
which was pretty cool .
the owners are super cool .
nice variety of baked goods .
the service was fast and friendly as well .
now this is what we crave everyday !
i'll definitely be back for more .
it's fresh unlike many others in socal .
great place to come to get traditional filipino food .
we came for breakfast and loved it .
there is a bakery and everything is so yummy !
good prices and love the atmosphere .
this food is so delicious !
try it you will like it !
i highly recommend going to the perfect princess cut .
the attention to detail was amazing .
the service and overall experience was fantastic .
the bands were beautiful and delivered within budget .
perfect princess cut is beyond phenomenal !
i love this place !
: ) the latest styles and reasonable prices !
this location is the nicest one in las vegas !
i love these shoes .
pricey , but good sized portions .
wonderful food and service .
this is my absolute favorite restaurant !
the food was amazing .
great selections of food !
i recommend it for sure !
i thought that the food was very good .
it was a very nice place .
excellent service , wine , ambiance and food .
good fine dining food .
wonderful classic italian delight .
the penne ala vodka was good .
this place is great !
fabulous italian food , and wonderful old vegas ambience .
it's totally worth it & i left full !
this is the best of the best .
cream corn was very good too .
old school italian at it's pretty much best .
i hear the food is amazing too .
i love this place .
i recommend everyone that i know to it .
excellent food and service .
cheesecake and creme brle were executed extremely well .
best italian i have ever had .
the sauce that was served with it was amazing .
but all in all a wonderful dining experience .
live singer performers on the weekend too .
the food at this place is awesome !
the wine list is excellent as is the service .
great meal off the strip .
great wine selection also .
it's pricey but worth every penny .
old world charm and delicious food .
highly recommended to anyone and every - delicious !
the service was excellent .
thank you for everything !
i enjoy people who take their job seriously .
it was that good .
they've got a great wine list as well .
great food , atmosphere and service .
this place is phenomenal !
real , authentic italian cuisine .
it was so delicious !
i highly recommend it !
very tasty menu top to bottom .
good location for strip visitors .
excellent italian cuisine where they will customize your meal .
the dessert menu was superb .
star service and food !
seriously they are one of the best .
one of the best kept secrets in vegas .
food was great , especially the osso buco .
service was very attentive .
very romantic and elegant .
a true vegas experience .
this place was outstanding .
the wait staff is professional and courteous .
one of my favorite places in las vegas .
the atmosphere was fantastic .
my meal was great !
the food and service is alway consistent .
our service was fantastic , the food was delicious .
overall , wonderful dining experience .
i love everything about this place .
always accommodating to last minute changes to my reservations .
best food i had in vegas my whole trip .
the food and customer service was beyond top notch .
we will definitely be coming back !
it is the best i've ever had .
i highly recommend it !
amazing service , decor and italian pasta !
caesar salad is excellent !
from the bar to our table everything was perfect !
seriously tender and delicious .
great atmosphere , great service , great food .
will definitely make it back there again .
live music was very good also .
i wish them all my best !
top notch for me once again .
awesome dinner and service .
honestly i fell in love with our host .
the vibe is so cool .
you meet wonderful people of every age .
a great bottle of cabernet .
the food and service was fantastic like always .
wonderful restaurant get here before 10pm if you're hungry .
very old vegas , love it !
old school italian vegas at its finest !
must visit local spot in vegas !
great food and great service !
will definitely be coming back !
great martini 's , great food and great atmosphere !
big , secure valet lot was nice too .
this is a hidden gem .
really enjoyed the evening .
the pasta was tasty and addicting .
amazing food , service is friendly .
get a cool icy drink .
the extra shot will do you some good .
how many " bars " can have that honor ?
they're also very inexpensive !
definitely a must at vegas !
thank you so much fat tuesday 's everywhere !
and yum to that hurricane one !
a great vegas find !
well worth the investment !
nice way to start off your vegas trip .
i think i love you .
it's short and sweet !
vegas here i come !
strawberry is great too .
you will forever have a place in my heart .
but it does the job .
make sure to get an extra shot too .
it really was the best day ever !
loved the test tube !
the service is quick but helpful .
the drinks here are delicious though !
personal favorite location is in the planet hollywood .
i love this place !
mall shopping is fun with drink in hand !
the guy was really nice .
fat tuesdays is a great drinking chain .
i really enjoyed going to fat tuesday .
fat tuesday definitely gives you your money 's worth .
the bartender was super friendly as well .
i love this place !
my boyfriend got the cat .
please sir , can i have some more ?
i prefer the planet hollywood and mgm locations .
i love you fat tuesday !
that was a fun afternoon .
man that stuff is the best .
it's everywhere on the strip .
does the job , especially in the summer time .
i love this place !
i absolutely insist you try fat tuesday 's .
big fan of this place !
so nice of you to offer !
the best way to start off your vegas trip !
no lie , best drink in vegas !
this is our vegas fuel !
it's a slice of heaven in sin city !
check out the one also in the mgm .
strong and got me buzzed .
jello shots are fun , too .
so , yay for fun bartenders .
i got a mango frozen drink from this place .
the coupon is great for refills !
: ) ) amazing drinks !
( i certainly wish i did ! )
fat tuesday 's hits the spot !
their drinks are fun , strong , and tasty .
i got the mango and also the strawberry .
eat light before you drink these !
this made my day alot better .
i love their blended drinks .
smaller and bigger sizes are vary too .
worth it to me !
i'm a happy drunk .
this place makes me happy .
that makes a start to for a fun day .
this is the spot !
absolutely love this place .
will most definitely be back again .
definitely coming back to get another one next time !
our server was very nice and patient .
yum and strong at the same time .
the prices here are really reasonable too !
an extra shot , yes please !
my favorite : bellini !
the strawberry and mango flavor is refreshing .
bellini is the best flavor !
definitely got me toasted .
it'll give you a headache .
i prefer the mango or pina colada one !
super tropical and festive .
they have the best alcoholic beverages ever !
i love this place .
both were excellent in service and quality .
i definitely had one more shot , hahaha .
hit the pool area and let the fun begin .
truly a hangover killer .
i love love love this place .
anywho , love love love !
i love this spot !
definitely one of the more touristy things about vegas .
definitely a vegas favorite !
yummy big drinks , this place is great !
this place is awesome .
the price is decent too .
got me to a state that i wanted .
it's definitely worth it .
i love this place !
i always get the mango flavor !
i always get the tall cup one .
it's fun holding it sharing with friends .
fat tuesday , you are freaking delicious .
my favorite is strawberry and hurricane .
i had the mango slush with the extra shot .
great spot to stop by while in vegas .
the best part was we shared it !
i love their jello shots too !
tasty drink , and friendly bartenders .
it's still a winner .
it's the perfect drink for the hot summer weather .
the staff is very friendly .
but it was pretty sweet and fruity .
extremely strong and delicious drinks .
i highly recommend this place .
i mean these drinks are top shelf !
it's my favorite drink !
next time i go i might try something new !
either way it does the body right !
saying i love this place is an understatement .
fun , affordable , and tasty .
love there drinks great value for what you get .
one of my favorite places since moving to vegas .
fat tuesday is always great in the summer !
always add a shot though .
they're practically adult drinks with a childhood twist .
they're so ridiculously good .
mix to your heart 's content !
well worth the money for sure !
these lil things r strong !
fat tuesday is great for getting a quick buzz .
the one underground at the mgm was great .
definitely check it out whenever you see one .
i definitely got a good buzz from the octane .
best spot before hitting up the clubs .
my favorite place to come when in las vegas .
you got ta give it a try .
fat tuesday seemed like the best place to go !
the best on the strip !
i absolutely love fat tuesday !
the yard dog was the perfect size .
well worth your time .
this place is addicting !
this one is my favorite !
go , seek it out , enjoy .
best deal on drinks in vegas !
it's the best thing ever .
you'll thank yourself for doing it .
then the real fun starts !
always a must stop on a vegas trip !
the margarita flavor is pretty good .
friendly service and my drink was good !
drinks are always amazing .
i love the strawberry margarita !
get one walk around and have fun .
but you're awesome whoever you are .
huge drinks for a reasonable price .
i love the mix and match the flavors .
the food is good and totally authentic .
this place is awesome .
the service is totally fast and friendly .
a great place for cheap weekend brunch .
everything tastes freshly made .
i also appreciate that they make their own pastrami .
they have great food and their bagels are amazing .
this place is awesome .
my pastrami rueben was fantastic .
i'll definitely be back .
the waiters and waitresses are so nice and helpful .
it has a real deli feel to it .
i'll be back for sure , though .
it was hot , perfectly toasted and yummy .
the service was fast and friendly .
the staff are friendly , nice and helpful .
the food is outstanding !
it's just the best .
the serving was gigantic and easily shared .
just come here to get a great bagel .
what a lovely little gem .
food delicious and service perfect .
excellent deli short drive from the strip .
salami and egg breakfast was excellent .
bagels are top notch .
the food is very tasty and quite plentiful .
what wonderful bagels they make !
lunch was excellent also .
we will definitely be back for more .
great little bagel shop with a diner feel .
i will be back !
their bagels are the best in las vegas .
food is also very good .
it is very reasonable .
a great place for breakfast .
the reuben omelet is absolutely amazing !
and their lox cream cheese spread is awesome !
this is a true new york style deli .
the bagel was good .
love the jalapeo bagel here !
and the lady serving us was so nice .
went to vegas and found this gem !
the bagels fresh and flavorful .
love love love this place !
the bagels are great .
great service and great value .
great stop for breakfast !
he loved his too !
to my relief , these bagels were delicious !
always nostalgic about ny when i grab breakfast here .
easily best bagels and lox in vegas .
orange juice is fresh squeezed and coffee is good .
the black and white cookie is great also !
nothing will satisfy but the real thing .
really enjoy coming here for breakfast !
the food is excellent .
they're super friendly and the food is great .
i heart this place .
great service , fresh bagels , great prices .
this is an every friday morning treat for us .
great service great deli counter cooks .
everything always fresh and made to order .
best bagels in vegas .
dine in food is also excellent .
great bagels , great eats , fun environment !
great bagels , best i've ever had !
super friendly and fast service .
brought back to office and had rave reviews .
i love coming here .
the waitstaff is great .
this place is great .
the soup is great .
the food is always fresh and of quality .
a must come to place to eat !
stuck in time perfectly .
one of the best breakfasts and values in vegas .
my favorite bagel shop in las vegas .
they have excellent breakfast too .
i love the salami and eggs .
the prices are very reasonable .
the food here is excellent .
i recommend splitting that between two people .
best bagels in town .
it's just a good place serving good food .
great food , friendly people .
bagels fresh and new york style .
worth the trip from the strip .
the cookies are also awesome !
always fresh , always delicious !
really cute family-owned restaurant .
the food is always good .
i got it with pastrami and loved it .
the staff is super friendly too .
and i'll bet you will be back !
everything is always fresh but perhaps a little pricey .
best bagels and breakfast in town .
new york style bagels .
very friendly and plenty of parking .
old school vegas that has incredible bagels .
service is excellent too .
really nice , warm staff .
the best bagels we've ever had .
huge breakfast portion sizes .
would definitely recommend it .
this is a very good jewish style deli .
the service was very good .
everyone always compliments my nails .
lol i totally recommend .
they were so sweet and funny .
so happy with my experience here .
sangria but enjoyed a number of delights .
this was my favorite meal in vegas .
i would certainly eat here again .
the tomato soup is fabulous .
with excellent service and reasonable prices .
well , i was satisfied .
they make a pretty good mojito .
all of my friends and i really enjoyed ourselves .
overall we had a great experience .
great little people watching spot to boot .
a great tapas restaurant !
i'd definitely come back !
great atmosphere , location , music , staff .
a great find in the land of corporate dining .
this is vegas , they're everywhere !
amazing sangria , great tapas , good looking people .
and the service was great too .
make a reservation , though !
even they looked like they enjoyed working the place .
adds to the experience .
so many yummy flavors , good god !
funky strip mall like location but great food .
got some free drinks , i was stoked .
i really enjoy this place .
the tapas are creative and delicious !
good vibe and buzz .
but everything is pretty good .
really a fun place with great tasting tapas !
we had a great time !
fun crowd , great waiter .
pitchers of sangria and mojitos were good .
i'll definitely go back when in vegas next time !
this place is amazing !
please order the mojitos when you go there .
i will definitely be back !
the desserts are also really good .
really good tapas , but go for happy hour .
you get great service from the bartender .
the bartender , aaron , is awesome !
i love this place !
drinks were excellent , and the food was unbelievable .
firefly makes a great pitcher or three .
the mac and cheese was also delicious .
overall , this place is fantastic .
we will definitely be going back !
this place is great .
great tapas and sangria !
it is a quiet locale .
very crowded , popular and noisy but worth it .
get a reservation and enjoy yourself .
i definitely loved the selections we all got .
firefly , i'll be back soon !
this tapas place is really good .
beautiful patio , reasonable prices and excellent food .
absolutely want to go back and try something else .
firefly is loud , crowded , and totally fun .
the staff is fairly friendly and very accommodating .
*the music and service was above average .
go for the sangria too - it's quite tasty !
this restaurant has a very hit and trendy environment .
it was my first time having sparkling wine sangria .
all were very good .
i love this place !
it was nice to eat somewhere off the strip !
the drinks were pretty good too !
worth making the trip off the strip for !
everything we had was good .
the sangria is phenomenal and strong .
the wait staff is efficient and friendly .
you'll thank me later .
the firefly fries and calamari are awesome !
this place has delish tapas !
and they have awesome sangria !
its a fun , loud place with great food !
the sangria was crisp , fruity and tasty .
the tapas platters were all each very good .
even the mojitos were good .
the tapas were great with many variety .
try to get there for happy hours .
but definitely worth the try .
everything we had was so good !
the service is just as great as well .
best value in vegas .
they're red sangria was worth the trip !
the food here was delicious .
this place is very good .
also , the sangria is quite tasty .
the sangria is by far the best in town .
overall , a great value for the price .
what a cool place .
great people watching for sure .
the best tapas in town .
get a pitcher and share it with your friends .
such a great hand out place off the strip .
located right next to ruth chris .
its a fun spot !
a great place for a late night dinner .
amazing atmosphere and delicious food !
this is a very good tapas place on paradise .
a wide variety of choices to choose from .
some traditional tapas , some relatively unique .
all of the food is good .
definitely coming back here when we're in vegas again .
great selection of tapas .
loved how the service didn't rush us .
everything we had was absolutely yummy .
the food is fantastic !
the food here was good and unique !
ok , we love it !
we ordered the red sangria which we loved !
the price is great and the memories are plentiful .
i loved this place .
great sangria , great atmosphere , great food .
one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas .
each of these items is fantastic !
a reasonably priced and great tasting drink .
good sangria and excellent tapas !
sangria was super refreshing .
choice of red , white , or sparkling .
mojitos are good too .
a great place to dine besides the strip !
wow , i really needed this meal .
the empanadas and tuna tartare were amazing !
its loud , dark and sexy .
this place has really good food period .
the sangria is also super tasty .
this is one of my favorite places to eat !
everything here is so delicious !
nothing but love for this place and it's staff .
i love this place !
i love this tapas place.
each dish was so flavorful and perfect .
their drink selection is quite special .
had a great little dinner here with friends .
great prices and decent wine by the glass .
everything we tried was awesome , and pretty economical .
the portions were good , service was great .
overall it was a great experience .
will definitely be coming back here !
i heart tapas and firefly does it perfectly .
this place gets a good crowd .
i love love love this place !
it's a very popular spot for the locals .
firefly is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
excellent food , excellent wine selection !
had the smoke salmon toast and it was delicious .
they have excellent red and white sangria and tapas .
it definitely has that appeal .
the service has always been great .
and they're great about accommodating large groups .
loved the stuffed dates !
firefly in las vegas is a nice place .
firefly was a good choice .
stuffed dates , yeah !
the food is so delicious and perfectly sized portions .
but it is worth it .
at this place the food is tasty .
you can tell they really pay attention to detail .
they prepare their food with love .
i really like this place .
service is okay , its better than average .
i love their mojitos !
food was mostly very tasty and also very affordable .
this place was great .
had an awesome time for a decent price .
this place is great .
perfect place to dine alone at the bar .
excellent service and the food was spot on .
the tres leches chocolate cake is phenomenal !
had a lot of delicious food here .
i really enjoyed the ceviche .
definitely going back when i get back to vegas .
very delicious meal and great serving size .
best tapas hands down !
the bacon wrapped dates are pure heaven .
i'll be back again !
great for a girls night or a date night .
they have the best sangria hands down .
after dining there , i can see why .
this was the best accident we have ever had !
appropriate decor but be a little better .
staff was also great !
save the best for last .
the food is amazing .
i love mushrooms and the mushroom tart was great !
this place is amazing !
the chef is outstanding !
best tapas in vegas .
they also have the best variety on their menu .
i like this place and it seems very popular .
the crowd is young and attractive .
this place is wonderful !
great food , wonderful prices .
i love their shrimp ceviche and empanadas !
great food in small and very affordable .
atmosphere is relaxing and entertaining .
i recommend to try everything in the menu .
wow the food was amazing the sliders !
aaron rocked our mojito world !
the garlic shrimp was amazing !
i loved this restaurant !
i loved the pitchers of mojitos and sangria .
that sauce they are cooked in is absolutely amazing .
shrimp ceviche / tuna tartare were also very good .
- filet mignon sliders ( delicious ! )
this place is absolutely amazing !
everything was full of amazing flavor !
also , our service rocked !
everything on their extensive tapas menu is great .
my favorites are the eggplant cannelloni and the dates .
everything is super yummy !
it's so hard to make a decision !
the mood is pretty chill .
i loved the tomato soup and grilled brie sandwich .
always a good time : ) cheers !
one of my favorite restaurants in vegas for sure !
great service and they are open late !
its great for large groups or a small date .
the prices are excellent .
absolutely and unbelievable experience .
this is my favorite restaurant in vegas !
i love the atmosphere of this place .
their service was very quick and friendly .
every last thing we ordered was interesting and amazing .
the food was great .
the drinks are good too .
they are not cheap and they make rich drinks .
firefly has all three plus great tapas .
everything is super delish !
very good tapas and great selection of adult beverages .
the greatest food ever !
all dishes are super tasty !
friendly and patient staff .
very quick to deliver .
great tasting and loaded drinks too .
great place and atmosphere .
the service was great and it was packed !
their sangria is sooo good !
everything i had was ridiculously good .
price wise , not bad well worth it .
to top it off they make a good mojito .
good food and a great price !
best little tapas joint in vegas !
if it's busy , it's worth the wait .
great food at extremely reasonable prices !
the shrimp ceviche was fresh and yummy .
the food is absolutely delicious and very reasonably priced .
the thai beef salad is also really good !
the almond stuffed dates are awesome !
the sangria was pretty good too !
great atmosphere ; average service ; pretty people .
the food is pretty tasty .
easy cab ride from the strip .
excellent sangria - get a pitcher !
we all ended up happy and stuffed .
it was a fun place for the entire group .
that was the best part of dinner .
it takes away from what it is .
firefly has excellent food when you know what order .
also the mojito pitchers are delicious .
the service is okay but their always super busy .
this place off the strip really nails it !
fantastically priced and portioned .
open late and serves food late !
food is good not great .
best happy hour in vegas in my opinion .
the mojitos are excellent !
lots of vegetarian options !
i highly recommend this place !
this place is incredible !
i love love love this place !
the service was excellent as well .
there gluten free menu was very extensive and delicious !
service was first rate .
they were both perfect as well .
i cant wait to come back here again !
great food and atmosphere .
the dates and mac and cheese are wonderful .
it's one of the best restaurants in town .
loved the dark red ambiance and lounge furniture .
plus it's happy hour !
all the dishes were very flavorful !
the stuffed dates are delicious .
ambiance was wonderful - sat outside .
tremendous value for las vegas !
well worth the trip off the strip .
would most definitely go back again !
the filet sliders are beyond awesome !
everything on the menu is my favorite here !
one of my favorites in vegas .
i always recommend firefly on paradise .
but so worth it .
great little off the strip place to check out .
great food for great value !
just a good place to have a nice dinner .
good for half off drinks for happy hour !
my favorite were the dates and the chocolate cake .
so in short - we got a great value .
i loved almost everything that was served .
ambiance was trendy and romantic - great date spot .
my favorite place in vegas !
the bartenders are really nice and quick .
the drinks are so good.
really enjoyed the atmosphere , food , & prices .
we will definitely go back again .
great for business meetings or an intimate date .
i love this place .
everything is super tasty and delicious .
tasty ceviche and yummy sliders .
happy hour is amazing !
the food was great !
best of the best in las vegas so far .
the sangria was also really good .
the filet mignon sliders were delicious !
mac n cheese was good not great .
i love this place .
it's great before going out .
good drink prices even if its not happy hour .
their sangria 's are delicious !
loved it definitely will go again soon !
i still get cravings for their delicious truffle fries !
this place has delicious tapas .
i was pleasantly surprised .
the sangria was delicious and i loved the ceviche .
this is a great place for a date .
excellent food , not too expensive .
really , really liked this place .
a little sweet but excellent .
stuffed dates were also very good .
service , atmosphere , drinks and food .
fantastic food at any hour love this place !
everything was amazing from food to service .
i will definitely order one in the future .
the stuffed dates are a party in my mouth !
this is the best spanish restaurant period !
love love love this place !
one of our favorite spots in vegas !
open pretty late as well .
i love tapas style places .
the food and sparkling sangria are amazing !
still , the tapas and sangria are great .
great place for dates !
everything on the menu is delicious !
the sangria is the best i have ever had .
the food was delicious !
all in all , a great restaurant .
great fun with darn good food .
night crowd is full of eye candy too !
i love that place !
it is my fav !
their sparkling sangria is the best !
fun and vibrant place that fills up .
great food great drinks and good service .
love the stuffed peppers !
very nice food choices !
one of my favorite restaurants in vegas !
it was all very good .
every bite was delicious !
servers were friendly and helpful .
definitely worth trying if you're visiting the area .
the sangria is also amazing .
this is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
love , love love !
the most amazing place i have eaten at .
the service was excellent !
thank you we will be back !
incredible food at great value .
found out via other yelpers !
great place for tapas .
it gets packed on weekends , so beware !
gourmet quality tapas , great for sharing !
i love this place !
great food , fast and pleasant service !
will definitely be going back !
i absolutely adored this place .
the food was flavorful , creative and fun .
the service was great .
it was a refreshing combination of flavors .
their sangria was also pretty amazing .
the food was so incredibly delicious .
it is worth the wait !
visiting for the weekend and found i yelp .
not fond of sangria but theirs is the best .
yummm i'll be back !
we ordered our favorite dishes .
i love this place .
it's well worth the visit off the strip !
mac and cheese is very good .
firefly fries were pretty delicious too .
sweet n spicy shrimp tasted chinese .
this place was absolutely delicious !
i loved everything i ordered especially the mushroom thing !
it was soooo good !
service was awesome and the food was good !
please don't order their ahi tuna skewers !
have a yourself a good time .
you'll thank me later .
filet sliders were great .
this place is awesome !
fantastic food & service !
best tapas and best value !
came here twice so far .
both times my group left happy and satisfied .
we loved everything about firefly .
this place is an absolute delight .
even the bread and butter is good here .
it's like a fine wine .
i absolutely love firefly .
there are so many great things to say .
lets start with the sangria .
i really do love this place .
pitchers of sangria always make the mood more festive .
this is such a great little joint .
it was a great atmosphere !
please expand to the phoenix area .
the food was fantastic .
the food is inventive and delicious .
the service was superb .
one of my favorite places to go in lv !
went to the firefly restaurant based upon their menu .
i love everything about firefly .
easily one of my favorite places in town .
i love this place .
super yummy and affordable , with a great vibe .
the paradise location is the best .
one of the best bday dinners ever !
it is a cool place .
a testament to it's goodness !
i always love coming to this place .
love , love , love this place !
the shrimp ceviche was plentiful and fresh .
the filet mignon sliders are the best !
the food is good and reasonably priced .
this place is great !
food and service was great !
will defiantly be coming back !
great food and atmosphere !
i love this place !
just take your time and enjoy .
great food and nice staff .
they have the best mojitos & sangria .
the stuffed dates are really good !
great place to eat .
the food was incredible !
when in vegas , check it out !
the wait staff was perfect .
always packed but for good reason .
sangria pitchers make for a great meal .
the service was great .
some of the best tapas i've ever eaten .
this place was so good !
thanks yelpers for the great recommendation !
everything came out delicious and very quick .
but stay , because the tapas are so good .
the fries are so good .
yummy tapas for sure !
my hubby and i really really like this place .
the shrimp tempura was good as well .
we had the flan which was very good .
bacon almond dates are amazing .
loved the food and service .
- bacon wrapped dates are a must have !
hands down best tapas i've ever had !
this place is mmm mmm good .
i absolutely love this place !
all very good : ) i will be back .
this is a must go !
it is worth the drive off the strip .
great quality for the price .
totally recommend it but it does get busy .
ah , this is the way to do it !
amazing food and sangria .
i loved this place !
definitely coming back next time we're in town !
totally worth going that mile off the strip .
wine glass was dirty , but service was superb .
, the tuna tartare was amazing !
don't get me wrong , it was really good .
try the wrapped dates !
a bit pricey , but worth it .
the best tapas restaurant i have ever been to .
great off the strip tapas restaurant .
the service is fast and attentive .
both locations are amazing !
it's a super super awesome good time .
i love this place !
the food makes it really cool .
i can't say enough about this restaurant .
it's worth every minute .
it's a reasonable price here so worth the wait .
sangria , tapas , paella !
one of my favorite spots in vegas .
try the steak and mushroom skewers , amazing !
excellent food for an excellent price .
first trip and first yelp , but highly impressed .
always recommend to any guest staying vegas .
the food was excellent , across the board .
and it's firefly so still super yummy .
there is something for everyone on the menu .
and the atmosphere is great .
thank you fellow yelpers , you did good !
loved everything about this place .
great food , excellent prices and a happening ambiance .
i will definitely be back .
the mussels in coconut sauce was a pleasant surprise .
we also shared the huge serving of paella .
overall great experience -- we will definitely be back !
this place is a must when in lv !
food is awesome and affordable for lv .
service was great as well .
great drinks and service .
great fun , & great food .
yummy food and tasty sangria !
the food is just perfect !
the place is incredibly romantic .
this place is great !
food and drinks are amazing !
they are the best .
the taste and texture is totally different .
this was a really fun place .
finally , the filet mignon was absolutely delicious .
simply put this place is amazing !
this place is awesome !
super close to strip .
definitely good for the younger crowd .
but the food was also really good !
great food , great drinks .
order their mojitos , they're so good .
firefly satisfied all , immensely .
great service and fast cooks !
anyway , at least the food was good !
excellent , fairly affordable tapas in las vegas .
fun atmosphere , and delicious .
love , love , love this place .
fantastic food , very reasonably priced .
thank god we did !
casual , eclectic atmosphere makes it comfortable for anybody .
full bar , and prices are reasonable too .
just a comfortable spot to enjoy good food .
we really like this place .
everything is good here & drinks are good .
nice atmosphere & service .
great find in the area .
the tapas are amazing .
the sangria and mojitos were awesome as well !
i'd definitely return here for a great deal !
the place is small but really nice .
i loved the food and drinks .
you have got to eat this food !
you have got to dance here .
this is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
the food is delicious .
he was informative , kind , and attentive .
sounds like this place gets pretty packed .
great food , cool atmosphere !
worth the trip off the strip .
the biggest standout was def the dates !
but the dates were incredible .
the tapas were great , ceviche was amazing .
love the tapas experience .
sangria is also quite good .
it is worth the wait in my opinion .
i always have the sangria .
the tapas are delectable .
mojitos are very good .
the food itself was very good !
he made our experience extra special tonight .
the drinks were very good as well .
their lobster stuffed mushroom is simply delightful !
bacon wrapped dates - just perfect .
the food was very good .
great off the strip happening spot .
unlv even voted it best bar .
everything i have ever eaten here has been delicious .
she had fun and enjoyed the food .
service was great ; prompt & friendly .
i love this place !
our server was friendly and efficient .
this is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
so much flavor to choose from !
the bacon wrapped stuff dates are awesome !
there was lots of energy and very pleasant atmosphere .
the bacon wrapped dates are awesome !
one of my favorite places to eat .
this place is a hidden gem !
great atmosphere with lovely food .
such reasonable pricing for great food .
the portion is huge !
ambiance was warm and intimate .
will make it back next time in town .
this place is fantastic !
their red sangria is so good !
i love it here !
i recommend you try their paella !
magic in ones mouth !
this is truely a fantastic place .
perfect place for tapas !
best tapas place i've been to .
was recommended by a friend who lives in vegas .
sangria smooth and tapas so good .
service was also great .
only complaint is the nose level was quite high .
otherwise a great place .
the simple dishes worked best for us .
you will have a authentic local experience here .
this place was very good .
i got the paella and really enjoyed .
i also liked the mussels .
the atmosphere was great and the service was excellent .
their sangria was amazing !
firefly has such a high rating for a reason !
service was excellent too .
they also serve nice yummy mojitos by the pitcher .
all the food was great , and reasonably priced !
everything we tried was fantastic .
loud but lively atmosphere .
highly recommend to all .
highly recommend to all !
food is so fun and delicious .
the flan was so good , we ordered another .
great , flavorful tapas .
this place is great .
all of it was amazing .
our service was top grade .
love love their sangria and tapas .
absolutely love this place .
fabulous food , fabulous service and fabulous ambiance .
great for a first date or friends from work !
love the decor and the ambiance .
amazing food at inexpensive prices .
especially love the one on paradise !
great selection of tapas and awesome sparkling sangria !
absolutely love this place !
i'll be going back again , and again .
service is a bit lax but pleasant .
great price for the food .
this place is phenomenal !
the folks here were really nice and knowledgeable .
a time piece for everyone .
the staff also said happy birthday .
love lucky brand and love getting deals even more .
very helpful and attentive staff as a bonus .
great location without the overpriced rates .
very well chosen colors and pieces .
great location and i love gambling at the casino .
i love the piano bar , its a blast .
they also have some great comedy shows .
i won nearly a grand on slots alone !
the room was marvelous !
i loved this hotel / casino .
i just loved it .
completely exceeded all expectations !
i liked the buffet here- flavors was surprisingly good .
the tables are moderately priced as well .
the casino also rocks .
it has pretty good number of slot machines .
i will definitely go back .
perfect area on the strip and near the clubs .
i was happy all right .
i love this place !
location is right in the middle of the strip !
overall , i enjoyed my stay .
your best off eating somewhere other than harrahs .
the rooms were nice , location was great .
great location but a smokey and old casino .
have fun here and keep yelping !
nice rooms and huge casino .
i love going to vegas !
it was really nice though !
it was a nice hotel room and very clean .
staff was very nice and accomodating .
i think it's ideal .
this place is actually really nice .
harrah 's is great !
you guys are awesome !
see ya for new years !
and it is a prime location , too .
the staff is pleasant and efficient .
small little bar with fresh oysters .
it's a nice little break from all that drinking !
we will definitely go back and stay there again !
cool place , mellow .
all i know is that ct tower is nice !
great place to stay and gamble !
surprisingly they have a pretty decent pool .
great clean newer suite with nice amenities .
the hotel was clean and pretty easy to navigate .
just had a wonderful stay at harrah 's !
the location is perfect .
dinner at the oyster bar was fantastic !
stayed at this hotel twice now .
i love the pool here .
the best thing about this hotel is the location .
the partial view of the strip was nice .
also , the outdoor venue is so fun .
casino only - fun place ; great atmosphere .
it was good luck and good times .
lots of space and a fancy jacuzzi tub included .
came here this past weekend and stayed at harrahs .
rooms were really nice .
i liked this hotel !
a good place given the price point .
i loved the suite .
harrah 's is actually kind of cool .
have always received exceptional service .
the casino was good as well .
this place is cool .
the house band on sunday night was amazing .
i really enjoyed my stay at harrah 's !
the best part is the location .
a great bang for your buck !
the twin sisters that play are awesome !
it was definitely pricey though !
good thing i found some good coupons on groupon .
they treat you so well here .
the beer is cold and the bartenders are great !
every employee that we ran into was nice !
the pool is beautiful and refreshing .
the hotel is fine .
nothing fancy - but the location is perfect !
it's right in the middle of the strip .
the buffet for lunch is great .
thanks for the excellent end to the vacation .
first time staying here .
i was pretty surprised how much i enjoyed it .
the rooms are nice and clean .
the casino has a lot of different games .
the rooms are big and comfortable .
plenty of space to do makeup and hair .
the staff was also super friendly and attentive .
i love harrah 's !
next best thing is it's pretty mid strip !
just like this one !
amazing seafood and i am from the pacific northwest !
the staff was incredible though .
the rooms are good and the staff is friendly .
high top tables with high chairs .
stayed here for nye and had a decent experience .
the rooms are clean and everything works well .
view over the strip was nice .
nice location , conveniently on the strip .
super great location and clean rooms !
harrahs scores high from me .
my go to hotel in vegas .
the dealers were great !
stayed here at a groupon rate .
love the customer service here .
the price is right and the room was clean .
unique beer on tap .
this is a very well maintained hotel .
love the mid strip location with the monorail stop .
the food court is very reasonable with decent food .
great cost and great service .
it's like home away from home .
thanks for a great time vegas !
my husband and i stayed here for three nights .
definitely a fun time !
the location is perfect !
the hotel was great , i would return definitely !
love the table games here .
this is a good place .
lots of fun folks running around here .
great location on the strip for the wondering traveler .
everyone was great and helpful !
thanks for making my mini vacation very enjoyable !
learned to play craps - fun , challenging game .
overall , good value for the price .
has a great time !
staff is very friendly .
casinos are too much fun !
the hotel also has access to the monorail .
i love the location .
unique clothes , wall to wall .
i'm so glad i found this starbucks .
they know my coffee , great service .
they gave exceptional service which was very much appreciated .
watch out , it's addictive .
highly recommend this store .
wow what a way to celebrate in vegas .
my idea of the perfect address .
it's truly the best one .
best service , and more experienced workers too .
the service was great .
the restaurant is pretty .
drinks were great too .
they were both delicious , well-prepared and beautifully displayed .
it was the perfect choice .
the food was delicious , the ambiance romantic .
i had a good meal here .
dessert was the best .
the service is friendly and impeccable .
i came here for lunch with my girlfriends .
the mushroom pizza is amazing .
the meal was terrific .
going to keep this short and sweet !
got the lobster salad , clean and crisp .
i enjoyed my experience here with my girlfriend .
came here for lunch with my boyfriend .
and classic chopped salad .
the cocktails were excellent also .
the food is very solid .
i enjoyed eating lunch here .
food and service was great .
i especially liked their cranberry walnut bread .
all of which were exceptional ) .
i love this place .
the crab cakes were the best i ever had .
a very good restaurant .
makes excellent salads , salmon and pizza .
there is a great wine selection too .
never had it before and it was very tasty .
pretty much cleaned my plate .
make sure you check out the cheese plate !
i thought everything was great !
i love their salads , entree 's and desserts .
in the forum and definetly worth it .
great lunch and the service was excellent as well .
the pizza here is awesome .
it's upscale comfort food at its best .
the manager was wonderful and so accommodating .
a place you can always count on to deliver .
and their bread basket is great !
perfectly executed and delicious .
excellent food and service .
wonderful food at the cafe side .
meatloaf is the best !
but i enjoyed my food very much .
the pasta was so delicious .
good homemade food in a restaurant .
i really enjoyed my dinner at spago .
kinda cool in a vanilla sky kind of way .
food was good though .
chopped salad was a good start .
lobster shanghai style was delicious .
great food , great service , solid ambiance .
enjoyed the sample of tomato soup .
all around , a great time .
it hit the spot .
our service was prompt and unobtrusive .
we definitely will be back .
the best bread , and free range chicken ever !
please open one closer to me .
spago is my new home away from home .
thank goodness for good food !
consistently exceptional and worth a visit .
service is excellent and super attentive .
that guy is just incredible !
he is funny and attentive , but also knowledgeable .
service here is always spot on and much appreciated !
wolfgang 's restaraunt is great !
the lunch burgers and pizza are good .
the bread is good as well .
the food here is good .
delicious food and terrific service .
our waiter was great - extremely attentive .
the food itself was very tasty .
give it a go !
great ambiance and drinks .
yummy yummy and perfect portions .
i absolutely loved the presentation of the oysters .
it made me very happy .
- one of the best pastas i've had .
the martinis were very nice as well .
very nice place and bartender was a nice fellow .
it got to me .
he was so friendly and helpful .
another extraordinary dining experience @ spago .
anyways both dishes highly recommended !
food , service , style , elegance , class .
maybe the best meal i have ever had .
great food and service .
the food came in big portions and was delicious .
the bread they offer is delicious as well .
i'd recommend this place .
i loved my food at spago .
i loved my boyfriend 's food at spago .
pricey , but worth it .
great food and excellent service !
we love this restaurant .
keep up the professional great service !
always tasty entrees and creative desserts .
please stay this fantastic .
i loved the calamari .
every course was nicely presented and taste great .
we love every course !
portion size is just perfect !
i highly recommend this menu .
love it for the chicken entree and pizza !
wow , super good !
there were lots of good options .
we came for lunch & were very impressed !
also a great spot for people watching !
spago is what makes vegas special .
great pizza , awesome service martini 's rock .
we ordered an amazing prosciutto pizza .
its a classy and memorable resturant .
my food was nicely prepared and presented beautifully .
our servers were gracious and efficient .
the pizza was delicious .
our server was helpful and playful .
perfect for lunch or earlier dinner .
very fresh and unique ingredients .
spago is a great place with good menu items .
the selection is fresh , healthy and creative .
great place to try !
crab cakes are the perfect consistency .
the oysters were fantastically fresh .
ate here two nights in a row .
for that alone i love this place .
i liked the very contemporary decor .
my boyfriend 's beef tenderloin was huge and juicy .
worth a second run .
went for lunch and it was great .
overall , it's a great restaurant .
had a great time here !
best dining experience in vegas yet !
wife enjoyed the curry shrimp .
superior service by james .
will repeat next time we are in vegas !
i got steak and veggies both were very good .
prices are great too .
mushroom soup and mushroom ravioli is amazing !
always stop here in vegas !
awesome service at dinner .
the flavors were fresh , crisp and delicious .
the server was amazing .
light , delicious , and right outside the casino .
a friend chose spago .
banana bread pudding was a great conclusion .
the food here is amazing .
we had a caesar that was very good .
wife had prime rib quesadilla that was great !
also the bread service was awesome .
service very good and timely .
the service and food were impeccable .
chef , food , service and management the best .
simply amazing from service to plate .
i love this place .
turkey club sandwich rates a very good !
food was delicious and ambiance sophisticated .
service was great and the food was an adventure .
well done , everyone !
i just love this place .
sensational food , great service and fun people watching .
my love for this place still remains strong .
they will give you a dessert in celebration .
really well crafted dinner .
leisurely paced meal which is rare in vegas .
what a great restaurant !
which just helped the already beautiful atmosphere .
everything was great , in particular the chicken .
pricier dishes but definitely worth it in my opinion .
assortment of breads was nice .
service was excellent , and great people watching !
our entrees were also quite good .
my meatloaf was delicious .
this is our favorite lunch/dinner place in vegas .
always excellent meals and great wine selection .
spago vegas is number one in our book !
i will definitely have to come back next time .
the presentation of the dishes looks fantastic .
definitely recommended for a fun girls night out !
the staff is very polite and helpful .
i would recommend the pizza .
the pizza with the egg on top was phenomenal .
the bread is also delicious !
thanks again to the wait staff and the chef !
had nice sunday lunch .
great waitstaff , attentive , not pushy .
all the food was tasty and fresh .
it was great years ago and still is .
i was very happy with the decision .
all three items were outstanding !
the lamb sandwich was over the top delicious .
four of us had a great meal at spago !
the service was also very professional and enjoyable !
i loved this place .
definitely nice for people watching .
loved the salad and the very attentive service .
it was the perfect dish .
this is a really good pasta restaurant .
i just love this place .
sensational food , great service and fun people watching .
the food here is great .
i highly recommend spago .
i had a marvelous dining experience here !
the calamari was also very well prepared .
everything was great from the setting to the food .
walked by and got the aroma of pizza !
the crust was as delicious as the main dish .
drinks were excellent as well .
superb attention to service .
to top it all the service was great !
love the place and we will be back !
it's still really nice .
but i must compliment them on their service .
the corn agnolotti pasta dish is soooo delicious .
most vegas establishments have great service .
this could be a great lunch item by itself .
ingredients were very fresh and well presented .
consistently delicious with incredible service .
this will go down as an all-time treat .
everyone had a clean plate .
a fine , and classy way to end dinner .
top with decadent dessert and irish coffee .
excellent food and service .
what a wonderful restaurant .
the food was excellent too .
i highly recommend them .
food- excellent , vegas prices , many gluten-free options .
good food with a great atmosphere !
good dining experience , but a bit pricey .
the mushrooms were wonderful .
everything i had was excellent !
my favorite restaurant of all time .
the variety was a nice touch .
fantastic food and service .
even the bread was fantastic .
celebrated my wife 's bday here .
tenderloin was superb , as was the tuna .
great environment and service was terrific .
excellent meal and service .
it was worth it .
highly recommended for your trip to vegas .
the chopped salad was excellent .
recommended to come back again !
duck was wonderful and cooked to perfection .
i like that they have two different menus .
our food was pretty good .
as usual , outstanding !
the bread was really good too .
the service was over the top !
we had a really good experience .
our server cody did an amazing job .
really attentive staff , incredible food !
every aspect was amazing .
it was a good experience .
the wine list is great .
this meal , was just amazing .
service was perfect , food was perfect .
they were both great .
positively delicious , every bite was perfection !
i love this place !
four stars because of it .
nice location in the forum at caesars palace .
i had the pasta and it was delicious .
they were warm and so good !
wine selection is also amazing !
we got prosciutto and arugula - super good .
the service is outstanding !
fantastic restaurant ; great service , great food .
it was good , what you would expect .
had a fantastic lunch here .
server frank was terrific .
the best meal and service in a long time .
service was 1st class .
their chopped vegetable salad is amazing .
of course their pizzas are great as well !
we enjoyed a great lunch at spago .
love love the food here !
the sauce was so good !
this is my favorite vegas restaurant .
perfect spot in the forum shops .
our dinner was perfect .
our servers were perfect .
the entire evening was perfect .
awesome job by all .
the service was great and so were the drinks .
a pleasure from start to finish .
retro menu and prices to match .
both were the perfect ending to our evening .
there falafel and calamari were so delicious and fresh .
great seats outside the forum .
service i was adequate .
the food is delicious .
pizza was wood fire and amazing .
the service is so good at spago .
good food great atmosphere love it here !
we had a wonderful time last night .
the food was excellent , thank you chef eric !
the service was also excellent , thank you mike .
i highly recommend this place !
some of the best eats i have had .
everything was delicious and the service was good .
i would highly recommend it .
one pizza is good enough for two .
brandon the executive chef is amazing !
such a great restaurant !
the food and service is always impeccable .
my water glass always was full .
the food as expected is superb .
karen provided amazing service .
the restaurant is absolutely stunning .
it's very expensive but the food was amazing .
always great food when i'm in vegas .
attentive and friendly staff .
the food is incredibly good and fresh .
new menu , new chef and was most impressed .
the food and the service were excellent !
the ambiance and the service were incredible !
perfect crust and just the right size .
great food and service from frank .
it's a must in vegas .
amazing pizza , pasta and salads !
nice meal and excellent service .
enjoyed beef tartare and filet enter .
loved the beef tar tar appetizer .
love the service here .
the staff are always nice .
bartenders and the overall bar experience is great !
i recommend eating at this spago location !
one pizza is good enough for two .
and the pizzas here are as great as ever .
the food here was amazing .
the calamari and tuna were really amazing .
the pizza was good but not great .
we sat and enjoyed our drinks and meal .
highly recommend and def have the martini !
a little pricey but well worth it !
would recommend this place !
best meal in vegas along with excellent service .
the food was great !
everyone 's food on the table was great .
and agnolotti pasta was excellent !
staff was great as well .
very tasty duck entree .
every bite more impressive than the last .
the pizza was cooked perfectly .
after this visit we are loyal to spago !
best carbonara i've ever had !
perfect amount of sauce .
my friends liked their dishes as well .
the dish as a whole was superb !
my friends were also very satisfied with their dishes .
great atmosphere , nice waitress , good service .
we always get one of their pizzas .
food was simply amazing .
not just great food , but great people !
this is my favorite restaurant in vegas .
the best and freshest food i've ever had !
we had a very solid experience at spago .
everyone enjoyed their meals .
they were both really good .
the service was pretty good .
all in all , a good experience .
great bolognese and good atmosphere for people watching !
the smoked salmon pizza was the perfect breakfast/lunch combo .
salads , pizza and pasta are all good .
love love this place .
the chicken dish is very tasty .
cheese board spread was tasty as well .
delicious chopped salad and margherita pizza .
give it a try !
one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
the service was unmatched - just perfect .
ambiance was nice and the people watching was terrific .
really a beautiful plate .
the best place to have dinner .
the food is delicious .
the service is excellent we had a wonderful experience .
i'll keep this short and sweet .
just the right portion size .
the best lamb chops ever .
so happy with my meal .
spago has really unique and delicious appetizers .
service is always the best here .
was crispy and amazing .
good food good service .
i ate here and it was amazing !
service , atmosphere - awesome .
still drooling just thinking about it .
the steak itself is small and very flavorful .
but the food was really good !
so far , this place is awesome !
and worth it to add shrimp .
both were the best i've ever had .
the chef is spectacular !
he's also really nice .
they were delicious too .
the service was phenomenal .
both were fresh and tasty .
damn , i wish i had one right now .
see my other yelp under forum shops !
sales people here are fabulous !
lol , humor does go a long way .
keep up the exceptional service guys !
this gucci is a nice one with good selection .
gucci this , gucci that !
everyone in the office is pleasant and chatty .
overall she was very pleasant .
just my kind of humor .
nice filipino assistant that was easy on the eyes .
i would recommend to anybody i know .
large space , clean & well kept .
the girls are nice and sweet and not fake .
i love mac pro stores !
one of the best mac stores i have visited .
the service was great although the place was packed !
love , love love this mac pro store !
love , love , love .
i like fast and friendly service .
my girl was amazing and understood what i wanted .
my cousin 's looked gorgeous too !
the job she did was outstanding .
she is professional and very nice !
i will be back !
she is talented beyond belief .
got my makeup done for a wedding .
yesterday was my birthday and she made my day .
come here every time i visit las vegas !
thanks making me best brother this christmas .
absolutely the best makeup appointment i've had .
i got lucky - i got emily !
so kind and a complete gentleman .
thank you for great service !
my eye shadow was beautiful !
brooke is an amazing mac pro .
she is very talented and very personable .
cody park is my favorite artist to work with .
see ya next time love !
i felt so beautiful !
the sales rep was really sweet and helpful .
the kids had such a good time !
always a fun and happy place to be in .
the staff are helpful and friendly .
great experience for the kids .
these guys were super !
they were very nice and i would highly recommend .
i am so happy we found this company !
they are fast , efficient and fair on rice .
and the price was right !
the service was awesome and the food was great .
they have the best gnocchi i've ever had !
the service was excellent .
the food here was great !
awesome service and beautiful decor .
this is fine dining .
the food was pretty good .
the service was fantastic and so was the food .
the halibut special was also delicious .
this is a gem in the venetian .
some of the best calamari you will ever have .
service was friendly , fast , and unobtrusive .
the best italian food !
the service are great as well .
the salmon was amazing .
the food is awesome .
the mushroom ravioli is full of flavor .
service was competent and efficient .
my husband had lasagna which he said was wonderful .
the food is wonderful and the service is impeccable .
strangely had to ask for menus .
it's pretty expensive but worth going too .
the caribou coffee is outstanding .
most especially their chocolate cake and original glazed ones .
such a cool place to visit !
it's even better if i'm staying at the venetian !
the variety of flavors is wonderful .
the smooth & creamy gelato is an absolute delight !
they recommended pistachio and i enjoyed it .
wow i'm really surprised at the previous reviews !
the location is just perfect .
i also got to sample the watermelon sorbet .
definitely must go back !
lovely atmosphere as well .
a million flavors , natural vibrant taste .
very refreshing on a hot vegas day .
it's nice and creamy the way i like it .
the ice cream is pretty pricy as well .
excellent selection and tastes awesome .
this place is located inside the venetian .
wow , the gelato here is amazing !
great flavors , very creamy and rich .
the pitchers of margaritas are generous .
very nice place to grab a lunch .
nice layout right on the canal at the venetian .
good service , great atmosphere .
my favorite mexican restaurant ever .
this is by far , my favorite mexican restaurant .
both were amazingly delicious !
the sweet chipotle bbq sauce perfectly complimented the barbacoa .
the food also came out pretty quickly .
we really like to eat here when in vegas .
fortunately , everything turned out really well .
the service was attentive and friendly .
the roasted mussels were very good indeed .
my friend had the wild mushrooms enchiladas .
both were very delicate and rich in flavors .
on the whole , a wonderful experience .
i got the house margarita and it was fantastic !
light , fresh , and good .
the ingredients are fresh and the food is delicious .
it is the best thing i have ever drank .
nice " outdoor " seating .
the carne is always cooked to perfection .
great affordable option in the venetian .
flavor is way above average .
great atmosphere , right by the canal .
loved the cilantro rice !
the happy hour specials are pretty good .
the ceviche was so fresh and clean tasting .
very good mexican restaurant .
it was very very good .
service was prompt , friendly and helpful .
loved the fajitas , shrimp burrito and the tacos .
good service , guacamole was very good too .
he was very friendly and knowledgeable about eh menu .
found this place while wandering inside the venetian .
good server , very nice ambiance , delicious margaritas !
i love this restaurant/bar !
the pineapple infused margarita is the best !
thanks for the great service alex !
the guac was delicious and the view amazing .
best margarita i have ever had .
happy hour is great .
felt great after that drink .
chips came with fresh guacamole and salsa .
las vegas style mexican cuisine at its best .
this place was absolutely delicious !
i definitely recommend going here while in vegas .
this restaurant was a great surprise to me .
for this " neighborhood " that is a deal !
the food was all very fresh and tasted great .
we enjoyed this restaurant .
the atmosphere is nice .
their sangria is decent as well .
dinner was great too !
it was good and fresh .
i really love the food here .
great place with good ambience .
still , the flavor was very unique and good .
their margaritas are awesome , good variety .
guacamole is perfect , as is the queso fundido .
all were very good .
it was unique and very good .
the best part however , was the cilantro rice .
happy hour would be good here .
the chicken arrived , and it was good .
wonderful service and a fun experience .
the food was tasty and my dish delicious .
my wife and daughter truly enjoyed as well !
great food and service .
the flautas were amazing .
the salsa was a perfect slightly spicy thin consistency .
the pork barbacoa is incredible .
so tender , so good .
it was an amazing atmosphere !
i love their chunky , spicy salsa .
the food is really good .
great happy hour deals on house margaritas .
the chips with salsa and guacamole is a must !
i will definitely be back !
great service and amazing ambience !
cooked to a perfect med rare .
um , well worth it .
this was miles above on both flavor and texture .
great place to grab a good burrito !
this is an awesome restaurant .
the food is amazing .
portion sizes were great & the atmosphere was amazing .
ensuring the best quality of service !
great place to dine !
ate a late dinner there and had excellent enchiladas !
the rice and beans were very good too !
everyone went away happy ( and buzzed ) .
good food , great ambiance and excellent margaritas .
great food and drink .
the good is really good .
this place hit home .
our waiter was very good !
lovely location on the canal .
queso fundido comes with freshly made tortillas .
it turns out that we hit the jackpot !
the menu looked great .
great food , excellent location , stellar service !
i highly recommend the beef rib .
what a super afternoon all of us had .
excellent service , great food .
the barbacoa is fantastic , incredibly tender .
overall experience was good .
service was timely and the food was pretty good .
enchiladas and fajitas were fresh and delicious .
ate there today and the food was really good !
chips and salsa was also really good !
awesome food and great service !
it was delicious and the drinks were amazing .
they were both fantastic .
also , the cilantro rice is amazing .
all in all we will be back !
fast and decent food .
would recommend for a nice mexican food night out !
a little pricey but the food was amazing !
the sides of rice and beans were excellent .
what a pleasant surprise !
i highly recommend it .
we love this restaurant .
the food is great and the service is fantastic .
this place is in the venetian and was incredible .
food was so good !
i will come back !
we will definitely go back !
prices are great too !
it was still good and nicely cold .
i am a fan of this place !
most of all , it is good .
i love their margaritas also .
pretty good food overall .
service was great - thanks brooke !
our server was very nice and attentive .
great experience and so fun !
a nice flight of tequila to start things off .
lovely setting as well .
the food is delicious .
cheese dip is a great appetizer .
tacos and enchiladas are great dinner choices .
this place was great .
it is inside the venetian .
the drinks were strong and tasty .
we will definitely be back .
mexican food with a twist .
food was delicious including appetizers , entrees and margaritas .
our server was lovely and super friendly .
i recommend coming here for happy hour !
it was very good !
the prices were great it's a must try !
the service is also good .
so much flavor packed into each of the items !
overall a great experience .
excellent margaritas , chips and salsa and guacamole .
other dishes we tried were very good .
service was very good as well .
excellent margaritas and awesome sangria .
highly recommend ordering both and sharing .
good spot for vegetarians and vegans as well .
honestly can't go wrong with anything on the menu .
the service is always attentive .
the food is always great .
the guacamole and queso fundido were excellent .
the environment was amazing .
my husband and i enjoyed lunch there on sunday .
the food was fantastic !
but , the food was delicious !
chips and salsa are great !
generous portions rule the day here .
the wild mushroom enchilada was perfection .
and the chile relleno looked good enough to marry .
the service was friendly and efficient as well .
and a " canal " view , too !
this place was great .
the flautas were delicious .
the service is friendly and attentive .
my wife loved the chicken fajitas .
always delicious , never dissapointed .
definitely will make this my regular place .
this is our favorite restaurant in las vegas !
the margaritas , chips , and entrees are excellent !
those churros are the best churros i've ever had .
the sweet corn was so good !
definitely worth a stop next time in vegas !
try the flautas and sangria , so good .
had a great lunch today !
us texas gals love guacamole !
the service was fast and the food excellent !
great food and great service with an incredible ambiance !
thank you for a great start to the day !
nice place to eat and relax .
the chips and salsa are very good .
drinks were good and food was perfect !
chips and salsa were really really good .
the wild mushroom enchiladas are amazing .
chips , salsa and guac were great .
the server was great .
they were the best we've ever had .
great place to go and prices were reasonable !
average food but great location !
food is average mexican food with high price !
the entrees were quite good .
the best dinner so far in las vegas .
excellent food i didn't expected to be so authentic .
the food was incredible .
tasty chips and guacamole .
taco sampler is awesome .
and the service is always top notch .
this place was really good !
service was great also .
this place was pretty good !
everything we ordered was good .
great location next to the canal .
they definitely topped my expectations .
i highly recommend this place !
made it on time for their happy hour !
excellent food and great service .
food was tasty and margaritas were refreshing .
i had the tacos and were pretty good .
i highly recommend the quesadilla .
the beef tacos were very good .
this place has a great view of the canal .
it was the perfect place to grab lunch .
the pork carnitas burrito is excellent .
really loved this place !
would definitely return again !
the sangria margarita was delicious as well .
definitely check this place out !
our food was great !
great guac too : ) ) .
our waiter was friendly and attentive too .
the food was also delicious .
highly recommended this restaurant .
the appetizers were great and so were our dishes .
chips and salsa were delicious .
the burrito was really tasty .
oh and the chips and salsa was great too !
great place and great food !
we'll be back for happy hour next time !
best meal i've had so far on this trip !
i highly recommend the salmon dish .
good place for a date day or night .
always crowded , but so fun .
i love walking around the shops .
some of them are outstanding at that .
i thought i was inside !
great shops , similar to a good mall .
nice ( but pricey ) shops .
the atmosphere is so inviting , and relaxing .
it's always good walking through in here !
the " human sculptures " are interesting .
lovely atmosphere in here , fun shopping .
food here is also pretty good .
everything is so real feeling .
michael before dinner then some last minute shopping .
the work put into it is just amazing .
such a great shopping experience .
like everything in vegas , its big .
central to the strip and beautiful through and through .
the place is stunning .
good luck climbing it !
excellent place to kill time !
we had a great time here .
this is actually a rating for the restaurant .
our waitress was super nice .
love their oreo shake .
even so i had a good time here .
friendly staff and quick turnover at the lines .
mostly every visitor pays a visit for this walgreens .
i prefer it over cvs across the street .
this walgreens is beautiful .
great selection of booze , snacks , and souvenirs !
decent selection of snacks and wine .
this walgreens is pretty huge !
i love this walgreens .
they are very efficient and helpful .
clean store , solid customer service .
she was incredibly helpful and friendly !
what a brilliant location for a walgreens .
so happy to find this place .
i love this place !
the enchiladas are rich and delicious .
everything on the menu is awesome !
great prices , but it's cash only .
the food is amazing at take out prices .
i love this place .
the entire menu is outstanding and very affordable .
best mexican restaurant on the east side !
its so worth it .
everything in this place is good .
try it , you will love it .
the food is made to order and tastes great .
employees are super friendly and responsive .
both were very delicious !
they have classic mexican that taste great .
great awesome authentic mexican food .
great service , and very professional .
the food is really authentic mexican food .
it is absolute perfection !
all the food is excellent there .
so good , there is no better food .
my mom loves everything on the menu .
so id give it four stars .
customer service was quick and accurate !
bulbs changed - very satisfied !
affordable package and everyone 's friendly !
great beds great staff .
looks great with the remodel !
great place in vegas to grab a quick tan !
loved the bed selection as well !
the staff was great !
he made us feel comfortable throughout the process .
: ) this is your place !
i will continue to give them my business !
my husband loved it .
steve was our instructor .
thanks for a great experience .
he was patient with us , explained everything great .
it was a blast !
a great time and we will definitly be back .
i highly recommend discount firearms .
we had an awesome time !
this really is a great shop .
thank you discount firearms for a great experience !
these guys are great !
definitely coming here again .
but , it was worth it .
it was very much worth the price .
i found it informative and at times entertaining .
this place is great .
the staff is super friendly and helpful .
i will definitely be back .
very clean business , and well lit .
this place was great !
our driver was friendly and knowledgeable .
and we definitely did !
thanks to discount firearms !
bring your own ammo .
i've had great service at discount firearms !
then i shot it and loved it !
then i shot at the range today !
employees and courteous and friendly .
he was extremely knowledgeable , helpful , and pleasant .
thank you for a very pleasant experience .
great service & attentive workers !
instructor was very helpful and very patient with us .
best prices for gun rentals and not overly crowded .
diana is amazing and knows her stuff .
this range is a must go !
the staff are always friendly and knowledgeable .
the range even provides the gun and ammo !
this place is awesome !
i really enjoyed myself .
we just randomly searched this place online .
i recommend you do this while in vegas !
the helicopter ride was fun and exciting !
very pretty at night time .
once again it was pretty fun .
overall , we really enjoyed the experience !
best adventure of the trip !
big rich was a fabulous tour guide .
we got a personalized trip catered to our needs .
highly recommend this company .
this company is spectacular .
my favorite flavor is the butter pecan .
fun atmosphere and pretty good food too .
i was in heaven !
the food was really good too .
i as pleasantly surprised !
overall the experience was great and i'd go back .
i love the crowd here and the atmosphere .
the food is awesome too .
this place had friendly and attentive bartenders .
the service was very fast and friendly .
great , great place .
alot of cool memorabilia throughout the place too .
the food is actually pretty good here .
a fantastic sports bar in the heart of vegas !
i love seating in the upstairs bar .
great equipment and location !
highly recommend if you are in the area !
this is the best fitness club i've been to .
but the club is clean and well equipped .
i just loved this place .
i really loved the people .
we love this place .
this one was a pleasant surprise .
well looks like i will return asap .
what a great shop !
so play and have fun !
i will return next time in vegas .
wow , amazing staff and owners !
extremely friendly and patient .
extremely reasonable prices and great options .
i highly recommend this shop .
the food was always good .
this was a great hotel experience .
i was very satisfied with my stay here !
good location just a few blocks from the strip .
they have free breakfast which is good .
great for a family or people on budget .
this hotel is made for a nice long weekend .
buffet style breakfast is decent , no bacon though .
and the staff are very friendly .
definately will be coming back with my family .
it has nice , spacious and updated rooms .
they are very comfortable and clean .
stayed here during a meeting i had for work .
i actually enjoyed my stay here .
the quality of service we received was great .
it was a perfect stay .
the decor is really pretty and romantic .
very good asian fusion cuisine .
the place looked very nice and very trendy .
but it's also a good thing .
the customer service here was outstanding .
the room was huge and very clean .
a bit pricy but well worth the money .
i will definitely be back next year .
great view of the strip as well .
really a good place to unwind .
rooms are spacious and comfortable .
the pool area is small but really nice .
a good business hotel .
i will stay again .
very quiet room with view of the strip .
i would be very happy to visit here again .
free parking for my rental car was great .
rooms are extremely nice and spacious .
very well trained and attentive staff .
excellent restaurant for breakfast and dinners .
very well trained and attentive staff .
excellent restaurant for breakfast and dinners .
the staff is extremely friendly .
really liked this hotel .
it was perfect and i'm quite picky about steak .
thanks again to the great staff !
i loved this marriott .
the guys here worked efficiently .
this may be my favorite banana of them all .
expanded shoe and jewelry selection .
customer service was amazing , our salesperson was brenda .
i love this store .
and such vintage feeling as well .
the workers are great and helpful .
the folks that work here are the best !
the heels are the best .
probably my new favorite store of this kind .
the director wanted a nice blonde wig .
best wig store ever .
the owners really help you .
great selection for inexpensive wigs .
matt was so very helpful and professional today .
i am so glad that i found this place !
i love this place so much .
they make you simply feel great leaving there .
best wig shop hands down in vegas .
i look natural and felt comfortable at the store .
love love love this wig shop !
i will definitely be visiting this shop again !
i will continue coming back here .
thank you us wigs !
my favorite store at the premium outlet mall .
this is a true nike lovers disneyland .
from running to basketball , they got it .
now you know , so go stand in line .
great place , great service .
so many choices , great store !
you will love going here esp .
it is wide open and nicely decorated .
this place is amazing and huge !
staff is very helpful and friendly .
thank you so much from myself and my son !
the best nike store there is .
there is something for everyone here .
staff provides great customer service .
and the selection of gear and shoes is good .
i usually always find a product that i love .
nice people work here .
finally found one here .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
very large & nice selection .
this place cracks me up !
thank goodness they have a fashion mall location .
my last visit was exceptional .
the staff was friendly and the atmosphere is great .
nice way to cool off from the hot strip .
the apple store is great !
always friendly faces here !
this is the best apple store .
excellent and efficient service on wonderful products .
i highly recommend this location !
the staff is always very friendly and helpful .
very impressed with this apple location .
so happy and delighted with them .
the apple support crew was nice and supper helpful .
they are all professional .
definitely world class service .
very polite and knowledgeable .
super friendly and well educated .
best apple store in vegas to come to .
they were so lovely and patient !
she has a great personality and was extremely helpful .
i highly recommend this store and their outstanding staff .
fantastic service and amazing tech guys .
very nice apple store !
staff was very friendly .
i'm very happy with their service .
the location is perfect .
very happy about that .
so far so good .
good place to spend some extra cash .
very nice quality clothes and accessories .
the staff is helpful and very positive .
a+ good customer service .
fantastic customer service and excellent attention to details .
great attention and service .
the ladies there a spectacular !
the staff were truly amazing !
level of service was superb from the whole team .
the service was impeccable !
that is pretty damn impressive !
now my husband can be as stylish as me !
it's fun to win prizes here .
will definitely stay there again .
i love this place .
this place has charm .
true the decor is beyond tacky .
they actually have a toy store !
best prices for a great hotel .
rooms were clean , food was great .
also good for kids with arcade and shows .
amazing place for kids and adults !
the bartender was great .
this place is a classic !
the line moved fairly quickly .
but i always have fun here .
the games are cool .
we got a great room in the casino hotel .
recommend it for all kids .
the staff was great .
i love this place .
my boys had so much fun .
overall we had a great time here !
we had a great time at circus circus !
the hotel towers seem nice .
i'm always surprised this place is still in business .
it is the perfect place for kids .
excellent service , courteous and attentive .
we'll definitely be back .
circus circus is absolutely worth the price !
the room is super clean and comfy .
we are happy with the hotel so far !
this place is fantastic for the price !
employees seemed happy and nice .
: ( overall great place .
room was nice and clean !
great for kids of all ages .
the games were fun and easy to win too .
this is my favorite hotel casino in vegas .
great prices as well .
overall the rooms that we got were very clean .
we loved this place totally !
all the service here is great .
we had an excellent stay at the circus circus .
i would highly recommend staying here !
it has great parking !
it's a great place for kids .
the staff is so nice & helpful !
they are so friendly and really care .
however , i was impressed with the hotel .
, and we had a great time .
great place to stay .
great for families to be .
had a great time this year .
we were here last year as well .
adventure dome was fun as usual .
kids had a great time .
haha , great guy .
beautiful clean room once again !
thank you very much !
the service from the front desk was above average .
overall , this hotel is a great deal .
we simply loved it .
room was huge and we had great service .
both events are ideal fun for the whole family .
the best part is it's free !
our room was very nice .
would recommend this to families with young children .
it's simple and very affordable .
key tip is book the west tower .
excellent service for s reasonable price .
west tower room is nice and clean .
maybe old but fun for the kids .
this place is still really okay .
the circus circus is an underrated hotel and casino .
i will defiantly stay here again .
some good restaurants and the employees are courteous .
my experience here last week was amazing !
hope your experience will be the same !
just got home from vacation .
i look forward to it !
will definitely go back .
i actually enjoyed it !
my room was nice and clean .
overall it was great .
room smells great and staff very friendly .
we were very happy with the staff there .
the view was nice and the room was clean .
see you guys next year !
i love this place .
thanks for the flowers lol .
but im still a fan .
carrie from graveyard is the best !
best casino on the strip by far .
the staff was nice and the rooms great .
the casino was also a huge hit .
they had good promotions going on .
our family visited here every day of our vacation .
great hotel for fun vacation with kids .
day two was great .
highly recommend for families .
will stay here again .
had a great stay at the hotel .
it is always a fun time at circus circus .
first and foremost our room was clean .
the rooms are decent .
she was so helpful and kind .
this is my favorite casino to gamble in .
oh by the way , her name is carrie .
highly recommend a room above the casino .
you can spend hours exploring !
thank you once again for an excellent stay !
room was clean and perfect .
and yes another kid friendly place !
keep in mind we had a car .
the drinks are great .
so it's like modern vs throwback .
i definitely appreciated the gesture .
but the front desk was very efficient !
so many things and very affordable .
price for rooms were great .
we will be staying here next time !
i thought he was great .
i did really enjoy my stay here !
i love the midway !
but vegas offers few choices so we went .
it was a very positive experience !
i would definitely recommend it .
the steaks are great with lots of flavor .
the decor was very clean and modern .
will definitely be going there again !
the assortment of breads is great , esp .
everything was a success .
memory of a lifetime .
thank you i highly recommend maurice and diamond events !
good food n fast .
i love this place .
great food and great prices .
the pizza is really good !
i always order when i visit !
anyways i strongly recommend eating here !
i love their chicken soup also very delicious .
this is one of the best pizza in town .
try it and you'll see .
a great and unique place !
the food taste sooooo good .
that being said , this is a great place .
i love this place .
very positive folks work here .
wonderful deco , food , and experience .
love their dessert donuts !
wine was superb as was the service .
it was creamy and perfectly cooked .
very soothing colors and cloth napkins for your hands !
i highly recommend it .
we had great service and even better food .
the ambiance was delightful and the service was excellent .
my friend and i shared the halibut entree .
you should make a visit when you're in vegas !
this was a great start to a perfect dinner .
regardless , my impressions of circo were splendid .
circo 's is all around a lovely restaurant !
awesome view of the water show and great service .
the decor is awesome .
the food was incredible .
great food but the service while friendly was slow .
wonderful salads and soups .
nice white wine list .
plus the decorations and the ceiling are very nice .
great view of the fountains .
service was prompt and attentive .
we enjoyed another stellar meal at circo .
took a long time but lamb was truly amazing !
food was pretty good .
i got the lobster gnocchi which was pretty good .
great food and service and great wine list .
bar staff was great .
this place is amazing !
the service was impeccable .
my pasta bolognese was super tasty .
i would recommend this place .
there house made dressing is wonderful .
this restaurant is fantastic .
enjoy it if you're in vegas .
definitely one of the best in vegas .
food good and wine list extensive .
we really enjoyed our meal at circo .
the service was quite good as was the food .
both of my dishes were wonderful .
well , that and chocolate , of course .
the food was delicious , service was great !
the lamb chops were especially very good !
beautiful room overlooking the fountains .
it was light , flavorful , and satisfying .
thank you for accommodating me , circo !
our 1st wedding anniversary dinner was celebrated at circo .
good food and good waiting service .
one of the best steaks i've ever had .
i highly recommend it .
nice view of fountain .
please , keep it .
thanks to circo for a delicious high-end vegas dinner !
service was fantastic and the food excellent .
i've also enjoyed their creme brle and souffl .
ron does a great job .
customer service is great !
we will highly recommend this company to all !
great service and on-time .
my favorite salon in all of las vegas !
the mani itself was really good quality as well .
christine always does my nails and she's a perfectionist .
i will be back for years to come !
good store with average selection .
staff was friendly and helpful .
great clothes and customer service to match !
that 's a quick turnaround , nice !
free wifi is always a plus for me .
they're full service too , which is cool .
this is my new laundry spot !
best show in vegas !
clean and very friendly staff .
super fast free wifi .
tv was a bonus for the kids too !
so i came with them this time .
i'll definitely be coming back .
very friendly and has the best customer service ever .
it's by far the best place ever .
makes it very convenient !
this place is a great eatery .
and the workers are very friendly !
overall i highly recommend them .
the white truffle mac and cheese is superb .
i had a great experience .
all in all , a great experience .
definitely worth the trip .
high end clothes with high end prices .
the service was very good .
the staff wee quite friendly .
i loved all the items they carry .
they really provide top-notch services .
the sales ladies were so friendly and helpful .
nice peeps and handy from the venetian .
he is the best !
truly is satisfaction guaranteed .
what a great experience .
the layout of this store is so very nice .
the staff is so friendly and helpful here .
a delight to work with .
a fun time to be had by all .
i'm glad i was able to enjoy it once .
hopefully our paths will cross again elsewhere .
great gallery in the miracle mile .
the service is great and not pushy at all .
i think i have a new favorite shoe store !
that works for me .
probably the best way to get around the strip .
a very cool experience .
the lv monorail is awesome !
god bless the monorail !
it's fast , it's convenient , and it's easy !
the monorail is a great service in vegas .
try it once , and you'll be hooked .
it serves its purpose in life !
beats taking the taxi .
the stations and trains are very clean !
it saved so much time .
it is very fast and convenient .
this is a good deal !
i definitely enjoy the monorail to zip around town .
i found the monorail to be of great use .
this is a great resource .
other than that , great !
the monorail was my best friend while in vegas .
always clean fast and very convenient !
a great deal for locals with proper id .
love the lv monorail !
good pricing as well .
it is fast and efficient .
a clean and safe ride , also very efficient .
i enjoyed riding the monorail .
this is a great way to get around vegas .
other than that , good for what you pay !
i was impressed with the monorail !
, and its so easy to use !
i even feel comfortable using it alone .
fun views , neat ride .
it has so many stops to the strip .
very fast ride to destination .
i loved this monorail .
its reasonably priced and pretty fast .
clean , quiet , speedy .
quick , easy access , clean .
it's a clean , efficient source of transportation .
the best cheapest way to get around .
best transportation for your $ $ $ .
a helpful lift up and down the strip .
it was well worth it !
it's a much better value than taxis .
the concept is great .
i loved the monorail .
i always felt safe and saw plenty of security .
we stayed at one of the stops .
thank you team monorail !
the monorail is definitely cheaper than a taxi ride .
and i love hello kitty !
and i love this location !
this store has an excellent selection .
seriously , i do .
they're great , and the kids are very happy .
great staff , always friendly .
always cute things available and affordable .
all entrees were delicious especially the mongolian beef .
the service was great and we would definitely return .
got the bbq pork soup with wonton .
i would definitely eat here again .
overall it was a great lunch time deal .
i loved my sweet and sour pork .
thought it was delicious .
the food was surprisingly pretty good .
great food for the price !
spring rolls are amazing !
i'd definitely eat there again .
i'd definitely eat there again .
this place is amazing and bar service is exceptional !
the manager and ben were so fun !
gave us great recommendations on sushi and saki .
fresh , colorful , and perfect flavor .
their sushi is great !
food tasted good and decor is elegant yet hip .
the food was amazing .
the family enjoy their dinner very much .
overall everything was good .
the food was quick and fantastic !
noodles were cooked perfectly .
would recommend this place to everyone .
best chinese food i've ever had .
perfect portion sizes and loads of flavour .
excellent food and service !
here on vacation and will definitely come back again !
i loved my lychee sunset martini !
but our dragon family style meal was outstanding !
definitely coming back for more !
the food was amazing .
lettuce wraps are great .
the service was great too .
definitely recommend to anyone .
really great for families too .
my three kids loved it .
great job dragon noodle !
the service was very good .
i will definitely be back !
our waiter was very attentive and friendly .
the food itself was pretty tasty .
cream cheese wontons were delicious as well .
it hit the spot that was for sure .
wow , wow , wow !
the food was epic !
sushi is fresh and reasonably priced !
then you can hit vegas !
delicious and i'm a real asian .
amazing food and super fun ambiance !
by far my favorite meal in vegas .
service was impeccable , very fast and friendly .
good food and good service .
noodles - very authentic - just like singapore .
service is decent , not great .
beef dishes - especially sirloin are very good .
fantastic food and absolutely excellent service !
we had a wonderful time at dinner here tonight .
shared the fried wontons which were really good .
good prices , service , atmosphere , and taste .
wonderful job , keep up the good work !
i was overall satisfied with my visit .
one of my favorite places to eat in vegas .
the food is fresh and authentic .
lunch special selections are great !
will come back again and again .
to my surprise the food was exceptional .
pretty good for breakfast .
good coffee and my breakfast burrito was great .
the sa 's here are so cute !
definitely some good peruvian food .
it has all these different areas with different vibes .
i had the best time at the beach !
brenda in the office is a doll .
we moved into paradise apartments in july .
thank you we love it .
thanks also for the smooth move in .
i thought it was fine .
very helpful when attending a convention .
it is what it is .
large rooms at a good price .
it is a nice hotel off the strip .
the rooms are clean and the staff is friendly .
totally good hotel hotel .
good for kids with pool and bath tubs .
the price is right and the location is great !
this place is good to the guest .
they helped me with my handicap .
employees are very friendly .
great deal would stay here again .
i love this place !
they are the best !
thank you so much !
i loved loved loved all of my floral decor !
they made my vision come completely true !
all in all , they nailed it !
gorgeous flowers for our wedding .
really , truly gorgeous .
she was quick , efficient and very friendly .
( my mother-in-law said the flowers were beautiful . )
great customer service from danielle !
definitely recommend this place so far .
this is a florist with heart !
thank you for your beautiful arrangements !
they came looking beautiful fresh and delivered on time .
such an amazing job .
inventive , unique and wonderful .
everything was early , coordinated and perfect .
thank you for such an absolutely amazing job !
it's such an amazing reminder of that day !
she was professional and courteous on the phone .
i highly recommend them .
the guy serving me was very friendly and efficient .
bahama breeze is a fun place to eat !
their bathrooms are really nice too .
service is pretty good .
the variety in food will please everyone .
they did a good job with the decorating .
very nice , very clean .
nice bathrooms as well .
food : the food was great .
an upbeat group of folks .
i have n't eaten there.
first , our waiter was top notch .
the food was surprisingly tasty .
we love this place .
they were amazingly good .
a lot of food for what you pay too !
this place was really good .
stopped by with friends for lunch .
i recommend stopping by .
also the cuban bread appetizer is so good .
omg the drink rocked !
the drinks were great too .
great service great food and great service .
nice place , love the tropical ambiance .
service is usually good .
food always tastes fresh .
great fruity island drinks !
quick service , neat island style decor .
i love this place !
this was an amazing experience !
service had been great for the times we went .
came for happy hour .
prices are reasonable and the staff is always friendly .
so i have a new favorite !
i will definitely be returning .
we will definitely be back .
i was pleasantly surprised !
first time here and i loved it !
everything i tasted was good .
guess i'm easily impressed !
i had the salmon pasta that came with bread .
it was decent , not terrible .
hubby had and enjoyed the jerk chicken pasta .
i love love love this place !
the food is delicious !
lemonade was best i have tasted .
we loved this place !
great atmosphere , great food , great service .
great atmosphere and food awsome selection of cocktails .
everything we've tried here has been great .
the jerk fire shrimp !
loved their chicken wings !
love the caribbean theme !
natalie 's staff is amazing .
great food , wonderful staff and fun atmosphere .
the food was fantastic !
good food for a decent price .
staff is courteous fun and knowledgeable .
this place is awesome .
cool atmosphere , great staff and terrific food .
i met a friend here during their happy hour .
our waiter brandon was funny and helpful with suggestions .
we absolutly loved this restaurant !
jason and bob at the bar are awesome people .
i just love this place for lunch !
i highly recommend this place for anyone .
we will definitely be back !
the atmosphere is awesome !
the food , the ambient , everything is amazing !
the food was delicious !
best happy hour in vegas !
lots of seating and a good size parking lot .
great ratio of seafood and veggies .
nicely done , very moist pan seared .
great food and also nice inside .
great menu and great atmosphere .
prompt and friendly service .
outdoor seating with this weather is perfect .
i will definitely be back .
she had a smile very unique to her .
a favorite of mine .
it's refreshing with their coconut shrimp pasta .
customer service is always friendly .
great food and great service .
always a pleasure to eat here .
staff are very friendly and quick on service .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
great place keep up the great work !
great happy hour prices .
they have a great weekday happy hour .
jamaican jerk chicken delicious !
great place for family and friends !
it was another enjoyable meal at bahama breeze !
so check them out !
food was pretty good .
overall a good experience .
drinks and food were great !
thank you for your great hospitality and service .
everything was very good and reasonably priced .
the place is big the service is great .
the food and drinks were good too .
awesome food , excellent customer service .
thanks for a wonderful lunch experience !
came here for happy hour .
food and drinks were so delicious !
the customer service was outstanding .
will definitely be coming back !
love this place off the strip .
cocktails hit the spot at 3-4 $ happy hour .
our server was very very friendly and attentive .
beef empanadas were freaking delicious .
salad was very good best part was the croutons .
great food and very flavorful !
pleasant atmosphere with cool decor .
he represented the food and company very well .
the food was pretty good .
we devoured our food !
food was good , nothing to write home about .
happy hour is the best time to go !
the beef empanadas and coconut shrimp is flavorful .
the ultimate pina colada is refreshing .
this place has great happy hour specials !
but i still come here pretty often .
i would definitely recommend checking this place out .
this was an amazing restaurant .
the empanadas were delicious as well .
definitely a great place to eat !
love coming here for there happy hour every week .
it has great appetizers .
i highly recommend the beef empanadas , so good .
their happy hour is the best !
happy hour is from 4-6 pm monday - friday .
drinks are strong and the food is tasty !
they were huge and so tasty !
one of the best restaurants in vegas !
my friends liked their food too .
we love this place !
it was all delicious !
our server joe was awesome as well .
will definitely come back !
the food choices are great and the quality excellent .
very enjoyable and the service was excellent .
happy hour never lets me down !
drinks and service always deliver !
i'll definitely come back just for the jerk shrimp !
food was great and they even gave extra !
drinks are excellent too !
i love this place !
bahama breeze is amazing for happy hour !
customer service is also great .
great food & fruity drinks .
reminds me of islands back home .
the food is outstanding !
she is the best .
happy hour is where it's at too .
the food is also really great .
this place is awesome !
happy hour on point and the drinks are strong !
best place to have lunch and or dinner .
the food and atmosphere is great .
it was a great decision .
met up with a friend for happy hour .
terrific place for a date !
the margarita was good .
the chowder was excellent .
the shrimp is very good .
love the ambience and lively caribbean music .
chocolate upside down cake was amazing !
i love the ambience of this place !
it really has that caribbean feel to it .
best food since we have been in vegas .
family friendly , affordable .
absolutely great food and awesome bar tenders .
had spicy jerk shrimp and almond crusted mahi .
it was all very good and reasonably priced .
cheap happy hour drinks as well .
omg this place is awesome .
overall , beautiful restaurant for a calm weekend lunch .
i will bring friends and family to this location .
the service was friendly and quick too .
great food and a great happy hour menu !
and the crowd is pretty great !
but the beef empanadas were amazing !
super personable and great service !
got ta come back for happy hour !
especially love the late night happy hour !
otherwise , great happy hour find !
the cuban sandwiches are amazing .
everything i've tried here so far was really good .
great , beautiful , and perfect priced !
they treat vegas locals good .
our waiter jerry was awesome !
this place is hands down amazing !
we will definitely be coming back .
foods great happy hour even better !
good food good drinks good service .
enjoyed our meal and time here today .
our server randy was great .
excellent food and service .
had the shrimp linguine which was delicious too .
excellent , friendly service !
we loved the environment .
delicious salmon and shrimp quesadilla .
but have enjoyed everything else .
what a great place !
nice selection of exotic tropical cocktails .
i sat at the bar with bob .
the coconut shrimp are awesome !
the pasta dish was delicious .
will definitely be going back .
they have so much flavor !
the cocktails are creative and delicious .
luis was the perfect waiter , attentive and knowledgeable .
we will definitely be back .
would totally recommend to a friend !
their happy hour food is actually good .
one of my favorite happy hours in town .
good value , and delicious .
one of my favorite spots .
the food was really good and properly cooked .
great customer service and awesome food !
best key lime pie ever !
the coconut shrimp are legendary .
great service and wonderful cocktails .
delicious and left enough room for the pie .
very extensive menu with something for everyone .
i really like this place and the atmosphere .
it's very tropical and relaxing .
drinks are pretty basic , stick to the menu .
this is my go to spot for happy hour !
the server and bartenders are fun as well .
i also love the burger for lunchtime .
love the food and the service .
wow what a great place to eat in vegas !
good food and drinks .
the happy hour is absolutely fabulous .
friendly staff and fresh warm food .
i will definitely be coming back .
one of my favorite places to eat in town .
i love the variety of island dishes .
i loved everything about this place !
you made our dinner a great experience !
service was fast and food was great .
the menu provides a wide variety of food .
best customer service ever !
i absolutely love this place .
awesome food and drinks .
the food and service were great .
the waiter was very funny and nice .
loved the restaurant ambience and food .
i love this environment .
i'd recommend to everyone !
this place is huge & the layout is awesome .
the service & food are always prepared to perfection .
another great meal at bahama breeze !
food , service , and prices were perfect !
lindsey was a great bartender .
we came for late night happy hour .
the service was great .
lindsey did an excellent job .
we were pleasantly surprised .
great food and atmosphere as usual .
the food is good here .
anita is a very nice and attentive server .
it's so lovely here !
the inside is beautiful .
everything was enjoyable and had much flavor .
i am a big fan of this place !
i love the watermelon margarita .
they also have amazing cocktails .
the mojitos are deliciously made with fresh fruit .
but be careful , these drinks are strong !
it comes hand made , fresh and delicious !
the food was great !
services was good too everyone was friendly !
this is a common food for americans .
i enjoy their drinks and the indoor/outdoor patio area .
go a couple times a year whenever in town .
everything is flavorful and well executed .
the ambiance and vibe just add to everything .
my favorite happy hour in las vegas .
just super nice , fast services .
my boyfriend and i love the place .
we definitely recommend this restaurant !
i officially love this place !
my son and i absolutely loved him !
we will definitely be back .
was pleasantly surprised by large drink and food menu .
very friendly wait staff .
she made our special event even more special .
this place is big and decorated beautifully .
jenny is the best .
she has good taste and always make trendy recommendations .
price is very reasonable as well .
little jenny can works magic .
jenny did such a wonderful job .
she did a wonderful job .
this is one of the original vegas nail shops .
jenny hooks it up !
all her over services are great too , lol .
jenny is amazing at doing nails !
they were also extremely reasonably priced !
got a full bikini wax for the first time .
eva did a wonderful job .
excellent service and selection .
he's hooked now too !
they're my new favorite jeans !
incredibly soft and fit great .
thanks a million , maureen !
this place is an awesome dive .
the bartenders there are always entertaining .
the human food is well-priced .
wow this place is soooo fun !
this is so much fun !
this is really fun .
well worth the price !
just as fun as the real thing !
our instructor was lance , he was great .
the staff is super fun .
great instructor , great for family .
really enjoyed the experience !
passionate and experienced instructors .
we had the best time !
we love this place !
our instructor was soo amazing .
he was very informative and outgoing .
the instructor was awesome and so great with everyone .
this place is a lot of fun !
it was so much fun !
this is a must do in vegas !
probably the best thing we did on our trip .
katie , the instructor , was incredible .
this was worth every cent !
definitely a bucket list kind of thing !
this was definitely our favorite thing we did !
they entire staff is professional and so fun .
you feel very prepared and safe .
katie was so patient and fun .
their instructor was very attentive and professional .
a memorable experience that will surely last a lifetime .
but let me tell you , its great fun !
he is super nice and helpful .
they are all friendly and cool .
lets do it again !
highly recommend this experience !
totally worth every penny .
a must do for anyone !
first time here with my wife .
what a great time .
kids still had fun though .
totally , totally recommended .
omg so much fun !
family and adult friendly .
safe clean and professional .
our instructor did a wonderful job and was patient .
the instructors are amazing !
well worth the trip and $ !
highly recommend these folks !
he made the experience more exciting and more fun .
i had really good time there .
fun , easy , and great for everyone !
the staff is incredibly friendly too .
way more fun than we even imagined .
an experience i'll never forget !
the staff was great .
it's great fun for all ages .
awsome place and super friendly people .
great fun and super safe .
its a lot of fun .
highly recommend this activity when visiting vegas .
doug was our instructor and he was great .
but it was a cool experience .
the instructors are superb !
the staff were friendly and informative .
great photos and all around phenomenal place !
thanks for the experience of a lifetime !
great staff very fun experience .
dave , keith , justin are all amazing .
great experience overall and well worth .
staff was friendly and helpful .
this place is amazing !
i highly recommend this to everyone !
i highly recommend more people do this !
i highly recommend it to everyone !
would definitely recommend it .
just jump right on in .
an all around amazing experience .
the most friendly and informative staff .
truly recommend , you won't regret it !
my kids had the most amazing time there today .
they had an amazing selection .
she really was exceptional !
that was very nice .
a big location with plenty of inventory .
a great experience all around .
they have an amazing selection of things .
i will definitely come back to this macy 's .
thank you so much !
i will definitely be back !
one for men , one for women !
i'm one happy camper !
thank you antonio and macy 's !
best macy 's in las vegas !
shopping here is a lot of fun .
i will always buy from this location !
everything in vegas is always amazing .
but my last trip to mac was outstanding .
this is a great place for lunch .
the pasta is wonderful .
the staff has been caring and professional .
they are very strict & safe about visitors .
they were all very kind and helpful .
they did a good job .
they were so nice to us .
sunrise takes great care of our family !
my son was here all the staff was great .
thank you for all you did for my son .
i love you james .
he's the sexy bartender there .
look - david and his staff are the best .
very professional , friendly and knowledgeable .
the staff is great and helpful .
i love that about my doctor .
this port of subs is great .
the sandwiches are spot on here .
great place for a sandwich .
love coming here before class .
great quick service with a happy staff .
came here for lunch and had an excellent sandwich .
it smells delicious ! "
i love the selection and freshness .
very surprised at seeing the seafood selection .
overall good experience and would recommend .
food is fresh and tasty and very excellent selection .
and the patient is doing well , thank you .
as far as vegas goes this is the best !
they really treat you well .
the nurses were very pleasant and polite .
the staff was nice and helpful .
absolutely wonderful service , staff , and care .
what a great hospital and er .
this is the best hospital to have baby .
the best hospital to give birth in las vegas .
nurses go above and beyond .
thank you sunrise l & d !
the er staff very friendly and helpful .
very attentive and compassionate .
but overall very caring and competent .
staff are nice and seem to get things done .
thank you all so much .
they took care of us pretty good.
amazing staff thank you again for all your care !
keep up the good work .
every time with positive feedback .
it pays to go here .
i love this guy .
ron is an honest car mechanic .
i trust him completely .
he is extremely competent .
works on both foreign and domestic cars .
ron is the best mechanic in town !
he is genuine in nature .
one of the most honest mechanics around .
these people are great , especially the owner .
it's tricky to find a very good mechanic .
i love jack in the box .
excellent experience , every visit .
they really make you feel at ease .
got me in same day .
good relief to drive back to orange county tonight .
i left his office with great relief .
he is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor .
i always feel better after seeing him .
the staff is very friendly & attentive .
he was very thorough and answered all my questions .
checked in fast , into back area on time .
but there are other products worthy of purchasing too .
this store is very professional and clean .
service is outstanding as well .
bar like atmosphere , good entertainment .
came here on vacation , best place for drinks .
staff was extremely friendly and helpful .
biggest selection , and they have the most employees .
both times , received good customer service .
best times , great service .
love it & will be back !
the forum shops at caesar 's are just beautiful .
best of the best in service .
love , love , love this lv store !
i love this store .
the product s great .
i will definitely be back at this location .
i knew what i wanted and he explained everything .
happy with my new speedy bag .
it was a great buy !
see the disclaimer posted everywhere .
well worth finding this place .
i love this place !
this place is definitely worth checking out !
but anyways , i enjoyed their ramen .
pretty good place to have some real japanese food .
i'll keep coming again and again .
the perfect qualities for authentic japanese food !
either way the ramen is delicious here .
the dishes came out remarkably fast and were delicious .
ambiance is comfortable and the service is friendly .
both were excellent as was the service .
this was some of the best .
i love it here .
we loved this place very much .
this place is a great value .
it has a really comfy family feel .
all meals include salad , cappuccino ( delicious !
great place if you love wine .
and it keeps on coming and coming .
what a great deal !
possibly the best meal i've ever had .
both the food and service were great .
the accordion player is a real delight as well .
i thought the food was great .
another classic in homely italian eateries .
just good food , with good people .
great atmosphere , great food , great experience .
and the service has always been good .
we came here on a recommendation from a local .
all you can drink house wines are really good !
it's a local fav , and easy to find .
wow , this place is an experience !
the salad and bread were good .
it was absolutely wonderful .
omg they were amazing .
also , service was great as well !
the service is great and the food is fantastic .
the ambiance is fantastic .
this place was a decent meal .
loved loved loved the dish .
decent prices for vegas .
good place with festive decor .
awesome atmosphere and great food .
the wine was better than good too .
love the garlic bread , with wine .
good food and reasonably priced .
i'd go back again and i'd definitely recommend it .
the waitress was also very attentive .
a very good experience !
lots of charm and the service is excellent .
the food was excellent and so was the service .
overall , a great fun experience .
this place was outstanding .
definitely a must do !
good stuff , just remember to come here hungry !
we had made reservations and i'd highly recommend .
: ) i got the meatballs .
i liked this place a lot .
i loved this place .
all you can drink wine !
this place is great .
this place is great .
i'll most definitely be back !
great taste of " old vegas " here .
we love this place .
food was excellent esp .
i will start sending people there !
hint : make reservations .
overall , a great experience .
the musician making the rounds was a nice touch .
the food is great .
the decor is pretty cool .
the food is good , but nothing amazing .
the free wine and bread is nice .
the free flowing house wine is great !
love this place beyond belief !
this place was cool .
we got our money 's worth for sure .
chicken parm was very good .
food was hot and fresh .
accordion player was good too .
certainly not gourmet but good stuff .
food is great and huge portions .
i love this place .
enjoy and drink lots of wine !
but the food is worth it .
recommended by a cocktail waitress at the palms .
the portions are huge , the garlic bread delicious .
great service , complimentary wine and garlic bread .
everything we ordered was delicious !
fun , fun , fun !
it's a really great experience for locals and tourists .
ambiance is fun with a funky old school feel .
fantastic place to eat !
the clams and linguini is fabulous and generous .
this place is awesome .
server was very informative and nice .
food was really good !
the creamed spinach that came with it was wonderful !
garlic bread was really good .
this place is amazing .
the ambience and the decor are good .
the complimentary bread and cappuccino are great .
every meal also comes with a free cappuccino .
that is how good the food is here .
i loved all the cheese .
i'll definitely come here again .
i just loved my meal here .
definitely one of the best i've ever had .
great atmosphere and the food was good !
this place is amazing !
the italian salad is the best i've ever had .
well worth the wait !
we love this place !
we are local and love this place .
awesome old-school style & good food .
one of my favorite stops while in vegas .
very cheerful staff and always excellent food !
one of my favorite places to eat in vegas !
pricey , but worth it !
we really enjoyed eating here .
both were very good .
the food is great and the decorations are awesome .
it's convenient to the strip so make the trip !
this place was extremely good !
the wine was actually good !
always a fan of this place .
terrific italian good and atmosphere .
this is an amazing local restaurant .
i love the menu style and the atmosphere .
excellent value and good food .
he was definitely right .
the main dishes come out in perfect timing .
this place is classic !
what a great find !
the wait staff was fabulous as well .
brought my girl here and we were impressed .
it's a las vegas landmark and experience .
i love this place .
i will definitely be coming here again .
this place is amazing .
the atmosphere is fun .
it's a must on the vegas list .
overall , best service and best value .
very yummy and the service was great .
the service was also great !
we loved it here .
the meatballs were so good .
food is awesome the atmosphere is great .
food is above average and prices are decent .
it's a great place to go with friends .
best kept secret in vegas dining right here .
we enjoyed the food immensely , hot and authentic .
the atmosphere was romantic and unique .
this place is amazing !
the portions are huge and the food is fantastic .
the chicken parmesan is so good .
the quintessential home-style italian restaurant .
a las vegas original .
the best place to go .
definitely make reservations and come hungry .
it's cute and fun .
otherwise , we had a wonderful time !
best italian in vegas !
everyone i sat with enjoyed their meals .
the bread is good .
he was my favorite part of the night .
it was good quality for a very reasonable price .
great ambiance and good food .
ambience was great and the food was even better !
one of my favorite italian spots in vegas !
i highly recommend this amazing place !
it's free and fits the mood of the place .
food is beyond exquisite !
it was definitely worth the wait !
an absolutely amazing experience !
our 4th time visiting and enjoying a meal .
it's a fun old lv gem .
the food is always delicious .
your expectations going in will be important .
loved the unique atmosphere !
old vegas at its finest best .
plus another bonus is that you get free wine !
the staff is always great !
overall an awesome value for vegas !
can i give these guys extra stars ?
there 's an accordion player and nice waiters .
this is a hidden gem .
the food is very good .
the atmosphere is nice .
the service was pretty good .
this italian restaurant is perfect !
the food was good and it fills you up !
i always have fettuccine alfredo with shrimp .
i was really impressed by battista 's .
it was probably the best cappuccino i've ever had .
great food , complimentary wine , awesome garlic bread !
such a great atmosphere and eatery !
dimly lit , classy staff , good food .
my wife enjoyed the lasagne .
what an amazing restaurant .
food was great and great music .
we are loving the people .
reminder of " classic " vegas .
the food is excellent with large portions .
my favorite restaurant in vegas by far .
it's the atmosphere that truly makes it .
this is my vegas !
thank u battista 's for existing !
the place is beautiful , the decoration rocks !
if you like italian amazingly good !
great service from a great girl !
amazing manicotti and garlic bread !
my waiter and his assistant were fantastic .
this restaurant is amazing !
it was soo delicious .
awesome in every way !
great authentic italian food .
heaven in a cup !
amazing old school italian !
i will always have good memories of this place .
i really tip my hat to this place .
thank you i will be back again and again .
calling for a reservation was a very good idea .
i really enjoyed the food and the company .
the food is great !
just loved this restaurant on our last visit .
this place is a must !
this place is awesome !
it has a really cool old school vibe .
the veal parm is freaking amazing .
house red and white wine is pretty good .
service was excellent , and interior decor was entertaining .
best italian food ever .
great service and ambiance too .
i love this place !
it's one of the best .
plus the cute accordion player is a hoot !
the food is absolutely amazing .
the environment is charming .
i recommend making reservations !
ahhh the good old days !
i was pleasantly surprised .
the atmosphere and ambiance was incredible .
salad was fresh and crisp .
service was top notch .
definitely a do over .
what a fun place to go !
great service , good food , and free wine .
i had the chicken parm and it was delicious !
i just love this place .
who cares , it's tasty !
she gave the best customer service .
cappuccino is a must .
made a reservation and got in right on time .
spaghetti and meatballs were very tasty .
food was good to really good .
i love everything about this place .
what a fantastic experience !
a must do here in vegas !
this place was great .
good value on the strip .
you definitely get what you pay for !
nothing fancy but just good italian food .
the service and food are excellent .
all attending will be happy .
the food was absolutely amazing .
i would definitely recommend making reservations ahead of time .
this place is awesome !
amazing food and great staff , priced just right .
very good authentic italian place !
went here for birthday celebration !
kinda pricey but worth it !
this is a must when you're in vegas .
great atmosphere and our meal was fantastic .
one of my favorites for old school italian !
the food is awesome !
great for groups as well .
i've brought two big groups here in four months .
love the cappuccino at the end .
fantastic prices for being on the strip .
food is pretty good i would go again .
the left overs the next day were still good .
this place is great .
we thoroughly enjoyed battista 's .
food , atmosphere and service were outstanding .
great food , great atmosphere !
this is the best old school atmosphere in town !
such a great place to take friends !
this place is absolutely fabulous !
old school italian eatery with excellent old school ambiance .
the food and service are equally impressive .
great fun , great atmosphere , free wine .
really friendly staff , great food and atmosphere .
one of the best eggplant parmigiana in vegas .
great portions to share !
great food and fun atmosphere !
would recommend to anyone .
friendly and great staff .
you will be well cared for here !
the key lime is one of my favorites .
the quality is excellent !
it's chocolate and pretty good chocolate at that .
thanks again , excellent customer service skills .
great place to get your chocolate cravings .
thanks vs team members !
i feel so special and satisfied .
love the clothing here !
the store looks great inside .
how awesome is this place !
they are under a dollar and so good .
good luck my friend .
stopped in here the other day with a friend .
the cashier was super friendly and nice .
definitely reminds me of being in hawaii !
always a good time !
the addictive power of these chocolates is well known !
i will most definitely be back !
i appreciate you and will recommend you highly !
great place to pick up some snacks or drinks .
i love having an abc store outside of hawaii !
my memory , and the store , held up .
i always find something just right .
the staff here is amazing !
great selection & very organized store .
nice people & beautiful clothes .
good selection at this location .
they've always been friendly and prompt with me .
i'll continue to visit them .
i thought his bedside manor was excellent .
overall , a highly skilled , trustworthy medical professional !
will recommend him to all my friends and family .
they're also very good if you have an accident .
this store is adorable .
super happy with my visit .
walked in today to buy a label maker .
the food is quite authentic from what i understand .
the staff is very friendly and attentive .
we are so glad we found this place .
definitely worth a try !
ohhhh , soo good .
i love this place .
love that we could have ethiopian food at midnight .
eat with your hands .
delicious ethiopian ( vegan ) food !
good service , nice restaurant , good prices .
shy waitress but friendly .
the food was fresh , flavorful and plentiful .
great food , attentive service , fun music .
i'm vegetarian and loved the food here .
who knows maybe i'll try it again .
this place is amazing !
also , they are always so courteous .
the staff was very sweet .
she can make you a perfect ten .
the staff was very friendly & attentive .
best boutique , by far .
nina is very helpful .
these dresses make you look great at any angle .
stayed here for a few days .
really happy i made the decision to move here .
great place to get nails done .
she was very thorough .
i love this little place !
the prices are excellent and so is the service .
very lovely couple and good service !
i absolutely love this place !
i treated my sister to a mani/pedi !
they did a great job !
everyone is friendly and very welcoming .
love how you can have a conversation with technician !
listens and understands exactly what you want !
i really enjoyed getting my nails done by peter .
the shop is nice and clean .
and the price is perfect .
awesome place , highly recommended .
decent prices excellent service .
a must go to on the east side !
it was the best salmon i had ever eaten .
it was absolutely delish .
simple , but tasty .
the banana crisp dessert was no joke .
i loved the atmosphere & decor .
the salsa rocked my world !
it was very good and the service is excellant !
great food : the tacos and tamales .
not my favorite salsa but the chips were fantastic .
yet , it was a surprise !
all was perfectly cooked and tender .
and it still was as exciting !
it was a great experience .
as always , the food was excellent .
the place was gorgeous tho !
walking in , it was beautiful .
all in all , a great experience .
great place for groups and small families alike .
wonderful food and great atmosphere !
great place for hibachi !
food was delicious , especially the shrimp .
our chef was great and funny .
the atmosphere was very nice and well decorated .
but it's highly recommended .
our cook was really funny .
loved the shrimp and steak .
i love the free birthday meal !
reservations are highly recommended .
chefs were entertaining and friendly .
the food was excellent as always .
definitely exceeded my expectations !
good food cooked in front of you .
the chef was very entertaining .
i love this place !
still love this place !
this place is great .
food and service was delicious .
they treat you like royalty at this place .
benihana sushi is always excellent .
we both had a great time .
excellent food , entertaining staff .
i love benihana in general .
it was good , but not the best .
everything else was good .
the food was amazing !
major thumbs up to the entire staff !
try the green tea ice cream it is delicious !
sushi was really good and friendly staff .
super friendly and accommodating .
the service was good .
food was solid too .
most of it tastes better with sauces , though .
food was good and the chef was great also .
then again , we love food .
the chefs are always fun and some are hilarious .
it's a great place to eat .
our waitress was the best !
the cook we had was funny and talented .
the food and atmosphere is very nice .
very nice and polite staff .
great food with great service !
great food and friendly chefs .
of course the saki is always tasty !
very entertaining as well .
this is my favorite place to dine .
this is meant for community fun dining .
the meal was good and met my expectations .
our chef was beyond amazing .
the decor is stunning .
this location is beautiful and very well run .
beautiful and perfect environment with a standard benihana food !
however this one is quite nice on the inside .
perfect place to celebrate .
however it was packed inside !
the entire staff was very friendly and efficient .
the food is awesome !
the atmosphere is amazing .
the chefs are entertaining .
this is definitely my favorite restaurant in las vegas .
the original and still the best !
quality food and the best chef ever !
toy is a las vegas icon .
you get great food and even better show .
amazing food great service .
this is a great evening out with friends !
the chefs are friendly and crack jokes .
quality was higher than other teppanyaki places .
excellent food and great service , no complaints .
customer service was great .
the food was really good including sushi .
the inside is beautiful .
pricey but worth the experience !
our chef antonio was amazing and very entertaining .
i will recommend this restaurant to everyone !
we had a wonderful experience !
the food was excellent ( as always ) .
the guy was very talented and very entertaining .
food was ample and delicious .
they were both satisfying .
well done and thank you !
this is what customer service should be like !
no questions asked and replaced it with a smile .
i had a good experience here .
the stuff was very friendly and helpful .
got a great pair of glasses .
very quick and efficient .
very appreciate the attention you guys gave me .
the doctor was great and the exam was quick .
their selection of glasses were good as well .
very nice and complete watch shop .
service is great and selection is huge .
worth a visit for anybody who appreciates watches .
i enjoy just walking around .
they helped me out on the spot .
they were very professional and helpful .
their service department is equally awesome , especially david .
if you like watches , you'll love this place .
i love this store .
it's like my crack lol .
great place to live .
interior walls are solid concrete .
interior floors and ceiling are solid concrete .
the building is in good structure for the age .
so far , very happy !
but i love the stores here .
feels clean and comfortable .
it has new stores n great shops .
excited to see the new massive pizza place opening .
the food court is nice the parking is great .
great experience over all at the boulevard mall !
very quick and efficient service !
still shocked and very happy .
thanks for the super duper nice service !
great merchandise , always clean , and awesome service .
this is how a high end store should be .
he was very nice and helpful .
she really took her time with me .
purchased my first gucci wallet with my parents here !
so friendly and helpful .
great customer service , i was in and out .
love these guys customer service it's the best !
i would highly recommend this location .
i thought the staff was lovely !
it's a beautiful location .
gorgeous store with great , friendly customer service .
steve was very helpful , thanks !
big store in beautiful mall .
my favorite gucci store by far .
now i'm dope boy fresh .
the merchandise is excellent , the service , well.
they know their products and give great service .
good job guys for making gucci fun !
also , christina gives the best facials .
i loved this place .
everything was very clean and classy .
the staff is very helpful and friendly .
you will go far !
very friendly , professional service !
i would definitely recommend this store to others !
service was quick , pleasant , helpful .
i highly recommend this store , especially richard .
had my wedding reception lunch here .
i think its a fun way to enjoy dinner .
ive been a couple times and its usually great .
great though standard italian food for a good price .
our waiter was pleasant and efficient .
our waiter was fantastic !
the food was very good .
i ate here last december with my girlfriend .
it was still wonderful .
i highly reccomend it , for anyone .
service was outstanding too !
all i can say is that it was amazing .
great for large groups !
they seated us upstairs in a gorgeous private room !
they have a good indoor/outdoor patio dinner .
the best risotto i've ever had !
nice menu and large wine selection .
our waiters were attentive and the food was delicious .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
service was good as well .
great place awesome food .
the staff is first rate .
the food did look to be good quality .
ambiance is great for people watching .
very nice , romantic restaurant .
service wasnt the best but the food was delicious !
italian style pizza and risotto !
great food and wine .
one of our family favorite restaurants at the venetian .
been there many times and will continue to go .
a great romantic dinner with the hubby .
the portion size is big for an upscale restaurant .
the scallops were amazing and cooked perfect .
decent prices for a $ $ $ place .
my girlfriend and i had really fantastic service here .
the food was good but not amazing .
what a great place .
the food was excellent and not too pricey .
the risotto was excellent .
it paired well with a glass of chardonnay .
we split two appetizers and both were delicious .
everything is beautiful in the venetian .
pretty decent for basically being in a mall .
i was quite pleased with the food .
my family also found their dishes to be tasty .
the food was excellent .
the wines are great and great service .
i'm just happy that there was the option .
the amount of bread they give is very generous .
roasted potatoes were very good , as well .
good food , ok service .
the dishes were simple and tasted freshly made .
i enjoyed every bite of this delicious meal .
the restaurant is beautiful restaurant inside and out .
the service was very good as well !
they have a very great selection of wine .
they make it with real lady fingers .
food was very good , service very good .
definitely would go again .
their best are their risotto .
very rich and favorable .
top notch , world class .
the food and service at this place were awesome .
my girlfriend ordered an entree - scallops .
the service is top of the line .
both my husband and i will definitely return .
the food is fabulous .
two thumbs way up .
it had a crunchy skin and was well spiced .
service was well oriented .
we love this place !
we always eat here when in las vegas .
all i have to say is delicious !
all around great experience .
we will definitely be back .
a+ in my book !
their oyster is so fresh .
the free bread is okay .
this is my favorite restaurant in vegas .
descent pricing , good service .
very nice italian dinner with the parents .
exceptional food and service .
the special smoked salmon alfredo was particularly spectacular .
the black risotto was very good as well .
each meal looked better than the next .
everyone was perfectly full afterwards .
great food , very good service and ambience !
got seated right away inside , table for four .
great service from josh and luis .
their pizza was very good too !
the ambiance outside was great .
excellent food , great service and a nice atmosphere .
has a great location though in the venetian .
best italian food in vegas !
decent prices but well worth every penny .
food and service were over and above .
had an amazing dinner here .
our waiter david made the whole experience wonderful .
great atmosphere , great food and great service !
singing opera show was an added bonus !
you've got to try it !
nice atmosphere and great service .
the food is good here .
this area is just breathtaking .
i would recommend it for a solid good meal .
the bartender marco deserves an award !
love the location of this restaurant .
we absolutely loved this restaurant .
it was so amazing !
my favorite meal is rigatoni with meat sauce .
simple with lots of flavor .
the bread they bring is really good too .
my husband 's favorite is the lobster and spaghetti .
my experience was perfect .
i was please with both .
wait staff excellent and food not too shabby either .
this restaurant was delicious !
the food is superb !
fresh parm on request .
wine by the glass was tasty .
i've never seen this before and it was fantastic .
the food here is amazing .
by far my favorite meal in a long time .
the food is delicious .
its a big meal for lunch .
service was top notch .
i liked the food and the service !
the wine recommendation was really good .
what a wonderful meal !
the drinks were above par as well .
happy hour deals are hard to pass up .
one of our favorite spots .
and the kids love it too !
great ambience at the heart of venetian good food .
nice service and fast .
all in all a good experience .
the food & service were amazing .
and of course , the venetian is pretty spectacular .
there is nothing better than perfectly done italian food !
excellent place with a perfect view to stage performances .
great staff , very friendly .
love the food here .
everyone in my group had great food .
this is the second time i came here !
we also ordered risotto !
it was absolutely delicious .
great service and food .
all were pretty good .
bread and olive oil were excellent .
one of the best restaurants on the strip !
very nice almost entirely romantic spot !
the food was great !
they were very thoughtful to bring a birthday tiramisu .
definitely this place is amazing !
drinks are fantastic and the pizza is excellent .
the waitress was great .
and the hot dogs were fantastic .
i love this place .
my favorite dive in vegas !
chat them all up for some interesting stories .
well worth it when i get there .
see you soon , bobby , nyc .
great place to start the evening .
i felt welcome at the stage door .
this is the best dive bar ever !
loved the people and the very laid back atmosphere .
it's a must when visiting vegas !
i am sooo glad i found you !
truly a hidden gem .
in short : this place is a must .
i love this place .
this bar and small casino is awesome !
what a hidden gem !
and he was right !
a must go to bar !
i love this place .
went back again this year for labor day weekend .
we always start and end the day here .
our bartender cassie was great .
bartender was friendly and amusing .
we met some funny locals and enjoyed ourselves .
a las vegas gem !
i always meet cool people here .
had a great time .
will definitely be going back .
thanks for a place to land and chill .
its fun , great crowds , great bartenders !
great dive just off the strip .
best dive bar on the strip .
sarah , the small bar bartender is super fun .
this place is awesome !
friendly bartenders and video poker .
customer service is great and you are awesome !
i will definitely be coming back !
one of the best drink specials in vegas .
just great drink prices and real people !
hot dogs are friggin good .
like better than costco food court good .
it is small but freaking awesome !
great stop for a vegas pub crawl .
prices are very reasonable and the bartender is amazing .
the atmosphere was great .
i will be back for sure !
perfect dive , good hot dogs and great company .
we were able to find one seat open .
best dive bar in las vegas .
you got ta love this place .
cheap beers and and cool vibe !
had a great time meeting locals and drinking beer !
salt of the earth drinks here .
bartenders are super fast and friendly .
really great drink specials .
it was definitely worth the walk over .
a dive bar must !
this place is awesome .
& & the bartenders are very generous !
lovely , absolutely lovely .
lovely venetian glass art .
the service was great .
but a terrific place to buy a gift .
next time , i'll actually look at the prices .
these pieces truly are works of art .
this is easily my favorite store in vegas .
i love this place .
very professional great job .
great new look salon !
got a fresh cut by jenny .
my girlfriend said it looked great .
she is kind and efficient .
i love george so much !
this place is great !
staff is very pleasant .
george is beyond awesome !
i highly recommend her .
i will be back !
i walked out feeling confident and amazing !
the staff are friendly and professionals .
overall just loved their energy and talent .
george is the best hair stylist by far !
i was extremely satisfied with the color and layers .
i've found the perfect hair stylist .
, and it was a good experience .
great hotel for a recent business trip .
furniture was comfortable and practical .
very friendly hotel staff .
this was perfect for my needs this trip .
full maid service is available .
staff was friendly and accomodating .
one of my favorite places to stay !
the suites are incredibly comfortable .
furnishings are good quality , beds are heavenly .
this hotel was perfect for that .
we also had a nice view of las vegas .
the rooms were very clean and a good size .
it is a quiet and quaint place .
easy access to go to other casinos .
solid hotel at a decent price .
the staff , price and stay were all great !
clean and comfy beds , also very quiet property .
very happy with this place .
the staff is extremely friendly and helpful .
surprisingly , their pizzas are really good , too !
the hotel is absolutely beautiful .
i will definitely stay at this location again .
karen at the front desk has that friendly demeanor .
it's great for business and the staff were friendly .
the room is nice , clean and comfortable .
this place is fantastic .
the bed was very comfortable .
the jacuzzi tub is a fantastic touch .
kitchen a very big plus .
suites are nice and clean .
no smoke and the rooms are very clean .
overall a good experience .
friendly staff , fast check in and quiet .
for my birthday we stayed here .
great from check in to check out .
friendly staff , fantastic suite .
overall a great , quiet place to stay .
it also comes with a refrigerator and microwave .
very accommodating stay for my family .
we will definitely be back !
nice to have separate rooms for the kids .
would recommend staying there again .
everything about the hotel itself is great .
nice and clean suits .
staff is wonderful and pleasant .
price is reasonable for lengthy stays .
pleasantly surprised by this hotel .
it was a fantastic room and stay .
off the strip but right next to it .
family as well as fun .
definitely recommend anyone to stay here .
everyone was so friendly !
this was a good stay .
the big souvenir shop is super close .
i enjoyed the appetizer you get with your meals .
the sushi and sashimi are surprising good .
i will go again !
our teppan chef was very friendly and personable .
i recommend the chicken in a teriyaki .
it is one of my favorite sushi places .
sushi items very reasonable in price .
i got such great customer service in here .
i think you'll be happy you did .
overall , very professional and end result oriented service .
they were also very professional .
these apartments are very clean to move into .
pretty clean , monthly rates in the front rooms .
worth checking out the sales racks .
merchandise neat & not all around the floor !
found the perfect pair of heels on sale !
the girls are always friendly & offer help .
bravo my friend , thank you for everything !
the store is well stocked and laid out nicely .
i was impressed and will happily shop here again .
she was very sweet and knowledgable of chanel products .
it was a marvelous experience .
don't hesitate -- they will take care of you !
i love this place .
i've always found the staff cheerful and well informed .
she was both very knowledgeable and professional .
very professional and personable .
definitely an asset to wynn collection .
check out the waterfall fountain and beautiful garden .
our new favorite place to stay in vegas .
this place is actually high class .
this place is gorgeous .
the hotel itself is pretty nice too .
excellent restaurants , bars , entertainment and gaming room .
nice place but expensive .
nothing was really extraordinary when i went .
the most beautiful hotel .
just go for the rooms and you'll be fine .
this place is amazing .
the pools are amazing .
la reve is great .
the best place in vegas to stay is wynn .
you must see la reve .
i hope to shop in the wynn soon !
but yea i love this damn hotel !
mr. wynn has brought sexy back .
such beautiful interior decoration , it's surreal .
these rooms are amazing .
the best of everything .
the best poker room .
the best blackjack dealers and tables .
their water show was pretty interesting .
this is my new favorite hotel in lv .
its so new and clean .
the waterfall part was a nice touch .
the restaurants are great , though .
steve wynn knows how to roll .
in a word : absolutely .
great services and they have a very unique feature .
the wynn is fantastic .
the amenities are amazing .
their attention to detail is impeccable .
i love this place !
the suites are gorgeous and the service is impeccable .
this place is nails !
the rooms are great .
oh , and rooms are nice too .
i was totally impressed by the wynn .
the wynn is currently my favorite hotel in vegas !
the rooms are very spacious , clean and comfortable .
the card rooms were great !
i love the wynn .
the tables are good -- but can be spendy .
the cafe was really nice .
they make great food , and very tasty .
this is going to be a quick one .
the nicest and best place to stay in vegas !
seating is plush and comfortable .
concierge is also top shelf .
the wynn is the most amazing hotel .
the decor was carefully crafted .
great job , mr. wynn !
it's a beautiful , beautiful hotel .
everyone is always accommodating and polite .
ya , steve wynn , you did good .
the best buffet i have ever had .
the rooms are nice and plush .
i stayed in the tower suites which are amazing .
overall though , exceptional service and beautiful place .
all the staff we encountered was wonderful and friendly .
the view was amazing and the bathroom was massive .
best hotel in vegas .
the locals stays away from this casino .
i love this hotel !
the decor is beautiful and elegant .
the service is impeccable .
this hotel is beautiful .
i loved the waterfall .
i love , love , love this hotel !
everything about it in my opinion is just fantastic .
the buffet is so amazing .
the view was spectacular especially in the evening .
i was truly impressed .
the hotel itself is beautiful .
i have to say we love this place !
best place to stay in vegas .
overall i was very happy with my stay .
definitely plan on going back there soon !
best hotel i have ever stayed at .
the electronic curtains are a great touch .
this hotel is amazing .
it's the best on the strip imo .
just nice and hospitable .
win at the wynn !
you will thank yourself for the upgrade .
i love it all .
i'm impressed by the entire hotel !
the resort suite standard room was very nice .
the king bed was amazing and super comfortable .
the wynn is modern and tasteful .
the staff was very helpful and professional .
she is just awesome .
i left there with amazing movie star hair .
beautiful decor , and atmosphere .
definitely will be going back soon .
contemporary , modern , exquisite and beautiful hotel .
wynn is as good as it gets !
the buffet is absolute class as well .
i absolutely loved this hotel/casino .
my room was amazing !
and it had wonderful views .
everything in the hotel was great !
this is definitely an upscale hotel to stay at .
i love the casino .
its a great hotel .
thank you for perfect portions .
delicious breakfast at the cafe overlooking the pool .
and the hotel was also fantastic .
wynn is one of my favorite hotels in vegas !
our room was fantastic for starters .
their buffet is amazing !
everything about this place is beautiful !
the view was just amazing !
overall a very smooth , five-star experience .
everything was perfect down to the most minute detail .
absolutely worth the money .
great place to play .
we got a city view that was fabulous .
the international food selection taste and quality is amazing !
first class service and food .
everything is high class or faux high class .
probably a nice hotel to stay at .
casino is good too !
it's so new , grand , and just fabulous .
it is definitely out of my price range .
the pool area is clean and beautiful .
this place is as good as it gets .
loved the decor and loved the friendly dealers .
i still love staying here !
loved the cable selection in the bathroom .
everything here has been fantastic .
can i move in please ?
this hotel is spectacular .
the service is fantastic , the food is great .
the service here was top notch too .
beautiful , clean resort in vegas .
i got the best massage ever here .
the room we got was freaking beautiful !
i was impressed with everything !
bed , service , spa , casino all perfect .
plus the clubs are pretty good .
the spa & treatments are amazing .
customer service is very good here .
the room was incredibly modern .
the experience is really a glorious one .
super whimsical and modern at the same time .
beautiful hotel and casino .
the casino is beautiful washed in red .
love the show le reve it was wonderful .
steve wynn has done it again .
great buffet , and good customer service .
i love the wynn .
even the restaurants in the hotel are amazing !
the atmosphere is comfortable and cozy .
we have found our poker destination !
i love the big bathtub too .
this place is everything i dreamed it would be .
i loved it here !
great sized suites and you can't beat free .
the property is well thought out .
he does have a great vision .
beautiful executive suite , great dining .
best manicure available on the strip !
great for work conference .
rooms are clean and gorgeous .
big , beautiful , clean and posh .
excellent tables , chairs and service .
one of the best hotels in vegas !
the wynn is beautiful !
i'd love to stay at the wynn again !
everything is beautiful here .
the most beautiful classy hotel in vegas .
it also has the best night life in vegas .
it also has the best clubs on the strip .
great food , drinks , and atmosphere .
they really know how to treat a guest .
held a wonderful conference here a couple months back .
that was nice of her .
love , love , love this place .
amazing property , accomodations and service .
this hotel is freaking beautiful .
le reve , as i've reviewed , is fabulous !
the wynn is truly spectacular .
loved watching those falls !
this place is just classy .
we always enjoy staying at this hotel .
food choices , staff , rooms = fantastic !
steve wynn , you are a genius !
anything this man touches , turns into a success .
but well worth it !
i loved how the area was clean and spacious .
the buffet was soo good !
i love the wynn !
love this place to stay or play .
this place is very classy with it's beautiful decor .
gorgeous , gorgeous , gorgeous .
love the wynn and encore .
the hotel is beautiful !
the interior is so pretty and bright .
this place is beautiful .
all the employees were so nice .
it is beautiful to say the least .
very clean and excellent service .
this place is amazing !
the bed was wonderful .
the bathroom was wonderful with a deep soaking tub .
clean with tasteful decor ; lots to look at .
good variety of places to eat and drink at .
it's worth the price and definitely worth just visiting .
best hotel in vegas !
the right amount of everything .
this is a really nice resort .
nice decor , service and amenities .
i promise , it's worth the money .
it's an amazing place .
i love this hotel .
the private pool deck was amazing .
what an amazingly beautiful hotel !
the rooms are gorgeous and the staff is great .
steve wynn did it right !
my favorite hotel in vegas !
wynn is just a terrific hotel !
three years later it is even better than before .
keeping this sweet and short .
didnt stay here so i cant rate the rooms .
the view of their golf course is absolutely amazing .
i am in love !
this place is swanky !
the rooms are so clean and classy .
i highly recommend everything about this hotel .
steve wynn is a genius .
i'd definitely stay here !
now that is how you make an impression .
wynn was a fun time all weekend .
scenic pools and the wynn buffet was very memorable .
service was good and food was fresh .
it's imaginative and whimsical with lots of luxurious touches .
the pool is huge and has beautiful landscaping .
the wynn is so beautiful !
this is a very nice hotel .
had an amazingly romantic time with my bf .
best breakfast buffet in the world .
the food is fresh and healthy .
love the design and style .
very nice and elegant .
pretty interior and ladies carrying drinks around .
also drinks insanely overpriced .
i came here because i had a special offer .
the room was great , nice and big .
first class excellence all the way .
best hotel in vegas .
it was really nice , i had fun !
my husband and i love the wynn .
the gaming is great .
the drinks are great .
everywhere you look there is something going on .
the hotel was beautiful and modern .
wynn has got to be the best .
food was remarkably tasteful and delightful .
thank you , wynn .
i kinda heart you from that point on .
we had a wonderful time visiting wynn and encore .
we really enjoyed the ambiance at the resort .
the resort is so impressive and well maintained .
i look forward to another visit !
great and beautiful hotel .
the food is amazing !
most beautiful hotel i have ever stayed in .
upgraded to a gorgeous suite !
all the bathroom amenities were wonderful .
this hotel is amazing !
from the moment you walk in everything is beautiful .
i love all the decorations .
rooms are clean and designed well .
casino and clubs are fun but it's way overpriced !
beautiful suites , very good concierge service .
but it was definitly well worth it .
this is my favorite hotel in las vegas .
what a beautiful place .
design is wonderful , as are the rooms !
the rooms are absolutely amazing .
the view from our room was stunning .
the place is beautiful .
beautiful , i tell you !
beautiful , classy place .
the hotel staff is extremely accommodating as well .
so worth the money !
just by the day pass and enjoy the spa .
staff was great and very helpful .
go have some fun and relax !
i am so impressed with the wynn .
wonderful place to stay .
best place in vegas !
great amenities and luxury .
i loved the wynn .
beautiful rooms , nicely furnished .
pool is beautiful and huge .
also a great buffet .
i want to live here !
the pool is the best i have ever seen .
for such a huge place everything seems convenient .
the rooms are nice sized and well decorated .
housekeeping is thoughtful and thorough .
service is friendly almost everywhere .
beautiful hotel , i really enjoyed my stay here .
they have great restaurants inside , with good food .
the indoor garden is beautiful !
highly recommend this hotel .
great hotel and even better buffet .
the casino looks very nice .
love this place it's beautiful !
went here for my wedding anniversary .
i love this place .
amazing pool and amazing clubs .
great and so clean .
service was first class .
the room was beautiful .
loved everything about this hotel .
i've stayed here for personal and also business travel .
great restaurants and bars .
this is my favorite hotel in las vegas .
its definitely an upscale classic resort .
the wynn is an amazing resort property .
the dining options in particular are impressive .
this is the place !
we even won at the slots !
the wynn is a five star experience .
very clean and on point !
anyhow , fabulous shops and great dining .
i love the wynn hotel .
always clean , service is good .
cons : stuffy image .
the pool was fantastic .
they have best buffet in las vegas .
the wynn has won me over .
everything is so up-to-date and clean .
the amenities are great and it feels spacious .
i love the staff that works here .
i would recommend any one going here .
relaxation at its best !
epic hotel from top to bottom .
the wynn is a beautiful hotel .
the bathrooms are awesome !
i loved staying at the wynn .
my favorite hotel in vegas !
everything about the wynn and encore is beautiful .
room was very spacious and comfortable .
overall a great experience and a good value .
it's my favorite on the strip .
the rooms are extraordinary and the views are amazing .
i love everything about the wynn .
this a beautiful hotel casino !
i had a wonderful time here .
the pool is nice .
i loved seeing le reve there show is amazing .
gorgeous and great views !
well the whole bathroom is huge .
: ) the pool is nice .
huge rooms with bigger his and hers bathrooms .
i love the wynn .
delicious lemon drops and friendly service .
the best hotel on the strip .
the beach club is amazing .
this and encore are my husbands favorite hotels .
i absolutely adored my stay at the wynn .
great time at the wynn .
wynn beats the whole strip .
impressive hotel room , service and location .
thoroughly accommodating with early check in .
hands down , most comfortable hotel bed ever !
what a great place !
still probably my favorite hotel in vegas .
the design , venue , and service are perfect .
the wynn hotel is a gem in las vegas .
this is a great hotel !
a beautiful hotel indeed .
i stayed in the tower suite and it's great .
the bed was great , had a great sleep .
the staff and service were exceptional .
the staff was top notch and beat our expectations .
one of the best hotels in las vegas !
a few great restaurants as well !
i love the wynn and the encore .
this is a classy , tasteful resort hotel .
all the employees are friendly and helpful .
the rooms are large , comfortable and beautifully decorated .
clean , elegant and fabulous .
i love this hotel .
i am in love with this hotel .
i love it so much .
nothing but the finest .
yeah , i said it !
the hotel is spectacular !
yeah , i said it !
literally as good as it gets .
everything is high quality .
wynn has become my most favorite brand in vegas .
everything is vegan - this is like my heaven .
this is my new favorite hotel in vegas .
stay in the tower suites for exceptional service !
loved how large and varied the pool space is .
the ambiance is beautiful .
beautiful hotel and rooms .
the staff are very friendly and helpful .
the room was exceptional .
i definitely am a fan !
they clean your room twice a day .
the pool area is really nice .
i love the garden atmosphere .
awesome staff , clean , modern furniture .
super comfy beds , immaculate decor .
i highly recommend this hotel !
its really nice , very clean and modern .
had a blast here !
and day dreaming of our future .
beautiful rooms and an excellent selection of restaurants .
the cleaning staff were particularly good and fast .
my stay at the wynn was fantastic .
the staff is responsive and accommodating .
the ambiance in general is very upscale .
the buffet is awesome !
we've recommended to family and friends .
their toilet paper is amazing .
also their rooms are nice too .
great place to stay and party .
top floor suite was nice .
this is a nice place .
the hotel was clean and classy .
the quality throughout the whole wynn property is excellent .
the views are always nice in the wynn too .
major bonus points here !
seriously , everything in it was perfect .
service is friendly and view is great .
i would recommend wynn to friends .
this place is worth every penny .
i really appreciate that .
the wynn is a huge and luxurious hotel .
the experience here at wynn is great .
lots of lights , sound , and everything .
very nice hotel with great service to match .
hands down best hotel on the strip .
always enjoy wynn and encore .
really enjoyed trip this time .
every design and decoration is beautiful .
five star and first class service !
check in clerk was amazing .
dining options were amazing .
still , the wynn sets out to impress .
every restaurant i have tried has been impressive .
the shows are always quality and entertaining .
one of the best places to stay in vegas .
big and spacious and the best part ?
this is a magnificent hotel to stay in vegas .
stunning hotel and resort .
the variety and quality of food was awe inspiring .
mm i have to say i really liked wynn .
overall , it was a great experience .
it is truly a luxury resort .
overall , great decor inside .
most beautiful lobby decor with the flowers .
the best of both worlds !
hands-down , my favorite place to stay in vegas !
stayed in a villa and was absolutely amazed !
ordered room service one morning and it was amazing !
the beds are the best .
by far the best hotel on the strip !
staff is professional , helpful , and polite .
great restaurants inside and the best clubs .
and pretty , large , clean rooms .
great restaurants and cafes here .
i always stay at the wynn no matter what .
absolutely the best hotel in vegas .
the landscaping of this hotel is beautiful .
every single staff member was professional and friendly .
this review is for last summer experience !
this place is most beautiful hotel in las vegas !
love this hotel though !
one of the best !
great drinks , fast service .
had a great time .
the amenities are great , service was excellent .
my favorite part about the hotel was the bed !
he does an amazing job with these .
great rooms , restaurants , and other amenities .
but whoever he is , god bless his heart .
thank you for your great help .
i would definitely come back and watch it again .
my favorite place to stay .
rooms are well appointed and spacious .
one of thee most beautiful hotels ever !
i loved staying here .
the view is pretty amazing also .
our whole weekend was perfection from start to finish .
" pure luxury at it's finest ! "
beautiful large suites and bathrooms .
it's still the best hotel in las vegas .
maintenance and service are superb .
still , it's the best .
the customer service is always outstanding .
i love the wynn .
it's truly amazing fascinating .
top quality food and reasonably priced .
one of the highlights of our trip .
i love the tower suite !
he was such a nice guy !
the cash games are also pleasant .
our stay at the wynn was fantastic !
the resort is gorgeous and luxurious .
we will return again and again .
lots of great dining experience .
you definitely get what you pay for .
all in all , just a beautiful place .
excellent food and service !
the decor is much better and area is quieter .
best spray tan ever down at the spa .
other than that , everything was great .
this was a truly great hotel .
i loved the location on the strip .
extremely clean , extremely beautiful and worth every penny .
simply stunning and i hope to return .
let me tell you i was very impressed .
plus the room was very clean .
the slot machine selection is awesome !
one day , i will stay here .
the best in vegas .
everything is so beautiful .
love all the decorations and colors .
the rooms were spacious , great room service .
being at the wynn is a true win !
this place is amazing as expected .
they place customer service first and it shows !
the hotel is amazing nice .
the rooms are beautiful and have amazing views .
the restaurants are all high class and delicious .
best hotel on the strip .
the ambiance is sophisticated .
very clean and spacious .
will probably stay here my next trip back .
this hotel is outstanding .
always stay here and we love it !
incredible views , awesome bathroom , and amenities .
even the room service was impeccable .
great place for a girls weekend !
impeccable , perfection , the ultimate in style .
i truly enjoyed my stay .
this is a damn nice place .
great looking place , clean .
enjoyable to be in .
the rooms are seriously nice and clean !
it's a steep one !
but the experience was great overall !
the spa is beautiful , relaxing & luxurious .
great service - i highly recommend .
looking forward to booking our suite .
the rooms are beautiful and spacious .
restaurant selection is fabulous - sw steakhouse is delicious .
the separate vip check-in is a nice touch .
the bathroom was also huge and very beautiful !
i can honestly say the wynn was perfect .
so kind and helpful .
the room they gave to me was beautiful .
the view was great also .
the wynn is such a beautiful and classy hotel .
a lot of improvements every year .
and a great location on the strip as well .
thank you for a wonderful weekend !
i hope one day to stay here !
the wynn is my favorite hotel in vegas .
the rooms are are clean and neat .
the spa has always been wonderful .
great experience from check in to check out .
the view from the room is breathtaking .
bathroom is nice and can fit several people inside .
thanks for a great weekend , wynn !
this place is classy .
the hotel stay was great !
nice rooms , very clean and neat .
amazing hotel and casino !
which we really appreciate .
super clean and the staff are very friendly .
excellent amenities , aesthetics and customer service .
i highly recommend this excellent resort .
both experiences were exceptional .
its the epitome of class !
i love the ambience the decor just beautiful .
this is my favorite hotel to be in .
its elegant , clean , great pool area .
beautiful and classy , with kind and helpful employees .
will definitely visit though !
the club should be moved to a different location .
the staff there are friendly and helpful .
i really recommend this location .
what an excellent stay !
the pool was amazing , gorgeous !
a great place to stay !
great staff , food and art .
well worth the price .
either way they are both great hotels .
great atmosphere and lovely hotel !
the rooms are pretty and the pools are ginormous .
will definitely be returning .
the staff was incredible and very friendly .
i very much enjoyed spending time there .
awesome experience at the wynn while gambling .
very nice and high class hotel .
everything is beautiful and clean in this hotel .
definitely recommend this hotel to everyone .
this place is breathtaking !
it simply is the best .
the staff is incredible .
always smells good no cigarette smoke .
everything is nice and clean .
absolutely luxury and convenience .
i recommend everyone to go there .
best casino hands down !
i love everything about this place .
steve wynn knows what he's doing .
beautiful gorgeous extraordinary hotel rooms .
decent and affordable buffet ( cheaper than most ) .
very nice performance at a jazz bar .
thanks becky and suzanne .
you really feel like royalty !
you really feel like royalty !
had a fabulous time .
great place to stay in vegas .
the aesthetics are absolutely stunning .
our room was beautiful , and extremely comfortable .
the entire staff were friendly , and accommodating .
we're definitely coming back !
older crowd here , tasteful environment .
great restaurants and hotel staff .
definitely a treat to stay here .
the service was great .
love it , stayed over the weekend .
very good service and polite .
definitely will be back .
the wynn is a gem .
it is perfectly appointed with no detail overlooked .
the rooms are clean and the staff is super .
great rooms great pools , the gaming was terrific .
this is a breath of fresh air .
will certainly be back .
lobby area perfect reception .
best hotel in vegas no doubt !
again they managed to be very close to perfection .
live hard , live fast and have fun .
so this is my kinda spot !
this hotel has the best of both !
would definitely enjoy a trip back here .
everything here is just beyond beautiful .
excellent restaurants and shopping .
classy and tech savvy .
very beautiful place , atmosphere is beautiful !
my favorite hotel in all of las vegas .
hotel and casino is just beautiful !
love , love , love this hotel !
it really is as nice as it gets .
this is a beautiful hotel .
love coming to eat at this hotel !
this was the best place i have stayed .
the size of the room was really nice .
best hotel by far !
comfortable bed , awesome views !
stayed here last christmas !
i was amazed by the beautiful rooms .
service is also great , in my opinion .
the best hotel in las vegas so far .
friendly staff , some good restaurants .
my favorite hotel on the strip .
the view was also stunning .
big , beautiful , expensive .
upscale place and there 's no cons .
rooms , food , view , customer service .
top of the line .
classy , spacious , luxurious comfortable rooms .
bedroom has nice sized shower and night lighting .
each dish is so thoughtful and delicious .
this is our 2nd time staying here .
the staff was so helpful and nice .
great experience and great service .
the staff is wonderful , cheerful and helpful .
my favorite hotel in vegas .
a lot more modern than i thought .
i highly recommend this place .
please do not bring your kids here .
a pleasure to have stayed here .
this hotel is good luck for me .
see you guys soon .
one of the best hotel in las vegas !
excellent hotel , great rooms and wonderful location .
the wynn is worth an occasional splurge .
worth the affordable upgrade rates too .
the service is top notch .
the views are beautiful also .
beautiful hotel and accommodations .
i upgraded to a suite and it was amazing .
by far the best hotel on the strip !
we had a wonderful time .
keep up the great work !
overall a great stay .
i always stay at the wynn .
we got a great deal on the room .
hotel is gorgeous and staff is amazing !
i appreciate detail like that !
our room was stunning .
i recommend the upgrades to the tower suites .
the theatre was very comfortable .
very up and close !
excellent show , reasonable tickets , great night !
the venue was great .
the rooms are large and beautiful .
the staff is so warm and friendly .
best hotel in vegas !
everyone was super friendly and helpful .
food was great too !
the place is top notch .
big rooms at good prices .
best hotel in vegas .
it is the best .
tower suites are amazing !
i always will stay wynn hotel .
they are honestly the best hotel on the strip .
wow , what an amazing hotel !
really the place is gorgeous and dinner was phenomenal .
the wynn is a beautiful hotel .
the rooms are spectacular .
the casino is clean and oddly smells amazing .
staff was attentive and very gracious .
i had en excellent time here with my fiance .
best hotel in vegas .
the room was spot on and very clean .
this is the most quality hotel .
a great company to work for too .
this place is heaven on earth .
fresh flowers are throughout the hotel .
this hotel is seriously gorgeous !
the look and feel of the hotel is beautiful !
check out the botanical gardens !
very nice beautiful place .
this place is sooo great !
the people that work here really show hospitality !
that really made my day !
much appreciated mark l. !
my first time stay was an amazing experience !
all we can say is fantastic !
great job steve wynn !
the hotel is very new .
buffet there is also perfect !
services are very friendly .
the wynn is absolutely amazing .
the wynn is worth every penny .
so head out to vegas and check it out !
this is a great spot for a trade show .
connected to the venetian casino lobby .
good convention center for large events .
they did very good with snacks during break time .
bathrooms were always in good order .
didn't score but what a nice place .
great store located inside mandalay bay .
good selection of shoes and great staff .
lovely store at mandalay bay .
quality of merchandise a little iffy !
the place is literally in a light industrial park .
good one to check out .
they are packed in the shop sometimes five deep .
pretty cool place and no admission charge .
it's well worth stopping by and checking out .
he is very nice !
the shop is cool and really clean .
will come back next time we are in town .
saw a really nice old chevy being worked on .
they are very talented .
it was a great time .
the collection was amazing .
it was a great experience .
staff was extremely friendly and polite .
the staff is around and they are very friendly .
the cars and bikes are amazing .
love danny and his crew !
worth the short drive from the strip .
checked this out today and was overall pleased .
it's great to see cars you've seen on tv .
he's got beautiful cars and bikes to look at .
thanks for the show .
at count 's everyone was really cool .
i will be back for sure !
cars and bikes were cool , staff was friendly .
a much smaller place than you would think .
the car and cycle collection is nice .
the service was very good .
highlight of my trip .
this is an awesome place to visit !
it's definitely a site to see .
clean , interesting and the staff is very professional .
definitely worth the visit !
to see it in person was incredible .
i got my favorite souvenir from there .
nice place and not far from the strip .
such amazing cars to see .
lots of fun and everyone there is very friendly .
thank you for sharing your collection with the public .
pretty cool place love the work they do .
the staff was really cool , respectful and friendly .
counts private collection is definitely nice to check out .
super fun to visit .
great display of some of count 's personal collection .
the employees were very nice and attentive .
really good gift shop .
neat place to visit .
alot of cool stuff .
i would definitely recommend this place to others .
service is good too .
please keep up the good work .
i would hit it up again .
this was the best meal i've ever had .
anyways , they have damn good chicken .
tender ass chicken seasoned to perfection .
it is the best i have ever had !
best deal in town !
but , the casino and fast grub is great !
believe me , the difference is astounding .
so you know it has to be good !
wow , what do i have to say .
this is truly a hidden gem .
hip casino , nice room , good food .
great stay , secure , clean , affordable .
it is my new favorite place to stay .
this place is great if for nothing else .
all-in-all it's good times .
specials everywhere you look .
one of the best kept secrets in vegas .
it's prices on food are a lot cheaper .
great drink service even late nite on a monday .
but hands down , their staff is amazing !
good music in the background .
service was great , nice people .
cafe was pretty cool .
awesome food , great atmosphere .
our waiter was very nice and helpful .
loved the environment and the food here .
very friendly and helpful employees in the store area .
; ) prices are reasonable , layout is good .
good job over there , folks .
burger with jack and bacon was so good here !
i'd definitely come back here again !
well worth the enjoyment and experience .
we had a fantastic time !
there was a ton of food and very plentiful .
i was very satisfied .
food is good and service is great.
starting off with a five !
server matt fast and attentive !
really good pulled pork sandwich !
i've always liked the atmosphere at the cafe .
the wings are amazing and so is the salad .
service was always great and nice atmosphere .
the food was freshly made and tasted great !
had absolutely amazing service here !
seriously the best service i've ever had .
jeff was a great funny host as well !
the glasses to take home make great souvenirs !
great wings and try the mystery mojito !
this place is awesome !
the staff was very attentive and nice .
it's burger was delicious as i expected .
: ) hope you like it too !
the band was entertaining and so was the crowd .
friendly staff and good food .
can not stress how wonderful this place is .
everything was delicious and the service was great !
they were juicy and so tender .
it was a great salad and we split everything .
highly recommend the wings .
great food and service !
it was so good .
the pretzel bread is great and cheese very average .
the staff are super friendly .
and the breakfast menu is great .
everyone was so nice !
finally an office that respects your appointment time !
very clean and punctual !
this place is great .
great job guys , really appreciate the great service .
great customer service and prices !
she was very friendly and helpful .
really an amazing place !
this storage place is kept clean and organized .
dan and michelle are extremely nice and helpful .
customer service was absolutely wonderful .
michelle wellington was so helpful and friendly .
i highly recommend using their storage units !
i will continue to do business with them .
access bargain storage is the best !
everything is so clean .
it has the best prices .
she made me feel comfortable renting from her .
fantastic and very friendly service .
great and friendly service as always .
the people are so nice !
worth a stop if you're in vegas !
the service was absolutely impeccable .
one of my favorite shopping hits in vegas .
i loved this store .
but as always , great service .
quality high end clothing with prices to match .
the service is amazing .
the sales associates are the best .
i will be back !
very clean store and lots to see !
this store is so amazing .
truly friendly people with great customer service .
kudos to friendliness and great customer service .
i just love saks .
chanel section here is amazing .
very attentive and always there to help .
her chanel events are a must .
her chanel events are a must .
what a great place !
cool crowd , good music , and cheap drinks !
and it was a nice change from the strip !
looked like a decent bar and a good crowd .
its a huge place , lots of room .
seriously thank you - from our community .
remember - tip for the great service !
absolutely the best watch store on the strip !
their selection of high end watches is outstanding .
more importantly , she was pleased as well .
i highly recommend this store .
signs now is awesome .
thanks to paul for a great installation !
the people-watching in here is priceless .
best breakfast i have had in a long time .
the house brew tastes pretty good .
i eat a lot too .
best bargain in vegas .
this place is the cheapest place ever !
any other day is great though .
best deal in vegas !
if you get a players club it's even cheaper !
this place is a hidden treasure in lv .
my husband and i love this place .
and it's good too !
interesting place , that ellis island .
the food even tastes good .
still a great deal for a nice steak .
two words , dive casino .
good for the price , and pretty filling .
it should be for you as well .
i ordered the combo plate !
please enjoy this comfortable three dollar gambling experience .
the beer was really good .
it was good but not worth the wait .
everyone was happy with the quality of their steak .
it's a nice escape from the strip .
i hear the karaoke is the best in town .
truly a las vegas gem .
i will definitely be back !
all the waitresses have been extremely nice .
but for value , it's a very good one .
the burger was good .
a solid casino burger but nothing spectacular .
pancakes are fluffy and fantastic .
root beer on tap is seriously so good .
but the beer is awesome too !
it's worth coming here .
best steak and eggs deal in vegas , period .
great for large groups on a budget .
big portions and great service , too !
this is still our favorite place in vegas .
burger was tasty though .
just something to keep in mind before coming here .
very awesome deal for sure !
excellent and a great price !
great " after the club " food .
my favorite place to eat in las vegas !
such a great brewery !
best ribs in vegas !
, competitive prices , and satisfying portions .
delicious food for seriously great value .
affordable , real , interesting .
the horseradish sauce and au jus were great !
it was delicious overall .
i am so happy that i found this place .
that should tell you how good it is .
this was great for a change of pace .
best value in vegas .
is it the best steak you have ever eaten ?
best bbq in vegas .
best deal for drinks and good time .
plan to wait , but definately worth it !
microbrew is so good !
what a great deal .
this place is as good as it gets .
but at ellis island its pretty damn close !
i love ellis island !
great meal for little money .
best dinner deal in vegas !
amazing food , great service , low low price !
it's worth it though .
overall it's an a+ joint !
the most fun you can have in las vegas .
the karaoke here is the best !
the food at the restaurant is good and inexpensive .
great place to go after a night of partying .
it's a locals joint .
the sweet but delicious bbq sauce went quick .
cab it over now !
the bbq place is unbelievable , so good .
hella good and they give you a generous portion .
the prime rib special was on point as well .
the best i've found so far in vegas .
everything is tasty and homemade .
their ribs are amazing .
the beer was delicious .
definitely worth a visit .
this place is great .
the best bbq ribs and chicken ever .
serious food for the price .
service is always good and i always leave full .
can you say major excitement ?
the steak was perfectly cooked and big .
just really well done .
the corn beef hash is really good .
some of the best karaoke singers i've ever heard .
i think this is a real gem !
the price for the delicious food is amazing .
i love ordering the italian items on the menu .
this place is more than enough .
the italian dressing was really tasty .
the price is the best part - incredibly reasonable !
most of the staff are really nice as well .
i love this place .
if you have another spot please share .
this place is amazing !
consistent , clean , friendly and quick !
you can even use points !
also had the best root beer in the world !
made fresh as well .
that 's a damn good deal .
the ribs were good !
the menu is simple and i liked that .
food is really good .
the best steak and eggs in vegas !
the steak was tender and juicy !
everything was so good .
service is good and ambiance was nice .
three local hangout with delicious food and awesome pricing .
how can you beat this !
wow , that 's a deal !
karaoke is awesome too !
the entire meal was delicious and finger looking good .
best place in vegas !
breakfast burrito is the best !
i absolutely love this place !
grace , our server was delightful !
love this place , especially their beer .
best breakfast after a night out .
wonderful hamburgers , too .
and the karaoke is awesome .
good set-up and good host .
the cheapest and best meal i've had yet .
it was a surprisingly good time .
it's still good eats however being hungover .
are you outta your mind ?
a great place to start or end the night .
now i prefer the prime rib over the steak .
this place is a must see .
excellent home brewed beer .
great beer , great prices and wonderful employees .
manny - see you next year .
best ribs i've ever had .
great amount of portion per plate .
overall , friendly staff .
the best place in town for ribs .
this place is the balls !
their brew is excellent and cheap .
my husband and i really love this restaurant .
i enjoy the chicken fried chicken which is excellent .
you should give it a try .
awesome spot in vegas .
meals are super cheap but are awesome quality .
my favorite spot to chow down near the strip .
when for breakfast and it was great !
server was very nice .
all of them were delicious .
seriously this place is a gem .
you got ta try this joint !
best value in vegas !
the food is great breakfast , lunch or dinner .
and the rootbeer is great too !
service was great as well .
best place in las vegas to eat !
we will most certainly be back on every trip !
really , really good bbq ribs and chicken .
great place to go off the strip .
one of my favorite .
steak is always cooked to order .
talk about a hidden local gem .
you cant beat it .
their steak and eggs are delicious !
the waitresses are very nice !
my new favorite late night spot in vegas .
such a good deal .
is this where i rate the juicy bbq ?
pretty good for the price .
all my friends hit this place up each visit .
the service was great !
my experience was great !
good service , good prices , and good food !
best steak special in vegas !
what a steal for that price .
root beer prime rib dinner all the way !
this place really rocks !
the food is outstanding !
awesome food and people !
thank you , yelp !
can't beat the price and the food was good .
i loved my food and service i received .
good that i discovered this spot .
everything is priced right , good portions .
fast and friendly service .
will be coming back all the time !
ellis island is the vegas dream !
everything i have tried has been great .
great food and great prices !
both were very good .
the prices and food are outstanding .
the staff is very fast and courteous .
great eats in vegas baby !
great value for a no-frills prime rib dinner .
fast friendly service and fresh food .
the quality of the food is top notch !
feels more of a local spot .
craft brewed beers , super old school .
my favorite prime rib joint in vegas !
the steaks and beef are very good too .
good food at a great price .
cool place for drinks food and fun !
won a lil cash .
this is what i call vegas fun !
great food , service and atmosphere .
this place is a winner !
the hidden gem of las vegas .
they also have great tacky karaoke !
its so good when it hits your lips !
always makes for a good time !
did some gambling and won a little bit .
one of the best deals in vegas !
steak dinner was excellent !
amazing karaoke every night !
delicious meal , super friendly folks .
be ready for a wait during popular hours .
had the steak special .
had a great time and a great meal .
will come back again for the special .
the root beer floats are so freaking good !
quite a fun place .
great bbq ribs and chicken !
decent bbq spare ribs .
excellent sides of baked beans and cole slaw .
but the ribs are great .
great food and drink value .
bbq always does me well .
las vegas hidden gem .
and it's sooo well made and they taste delicious .
worth the short walk from the bellagio .
the locals were very welcoming & inviting .
love the people and the atmosphere .
the beer is very good and priced just right .
food was good to .
freaking love this place .
the food is just such a good deal .
this place is awesome !
the prices on beer are outstanding !
wow this place is fun !
the beer is good and the prices are cheap !
love the ribs here .
one coupon works for entire party .
the food is awesome at some very reasonable prices !
our food was excellent .
i definitely recommend the prime rib .
i don't drink beer but my man liked it .
the best i ever had .
my girls nicole and kelly sang some amazing songs .
the dj travis was fantastic .
i truly had a great time .
the bbq is wonderful !
the karaoke in the lounge was a blast !
i got full eating the thing .
the side of fries were also good .
the food is delicious and the people are friendly .
best place in vegas !
food is great - beers are cheap !
will be back next trip for sure !
one of the best microbrews in las vegas .
divey and delicious bbq .
i highly recommend it !
best prime rib dinner ever !
best deal in vegas .
the service is very good .
i got the steak special .
steak was delicious and very tender .
baked potato was huge and very tasty .
salad was very big and fresh .
our best meal of the week while in vegas .
it's such a great deal and so much food .
the sides are okay .
the star is clearly the ribs .
i love that they made the space larger .
the food was great !
the staff was very attentive .
best chicken friend chicken i've ever had .
husband always gets their steak & beer special .
the food is very good and very reasonable .
definitely an adventure and worth the hike .
our favorite spot for steak & eggs in vegas !
the root beer is delicious too !
i definitely recommend this place !
good food and its cheap !
thats a win in my book already !
this is a wonderful spot .
i absolutely love this place .
the staff is efficient and super nice .
oh yeah , and the ribs .
the prices are fair and the food is good .
one of the best kept secrets of vegas .
great food at cheap prices .
good selection of brews .
a small , local casino .
hands down the best meal value in vegas .
the service was responsive and friendly .
also told us about the great food specials .
overall this was a amazing time .
everything we had was absolutely worth the price .
great prices on the menu as well .
best steak and eggs ever .
everything here is great !
you can seriously eat one meal a day here .
best root beer ever !
it'll be worth it .
an open blackjack table and karaoke !
the dealer at our table was really friendly .
the prime rib dinner was a fantastic value !
huge portions and tasty .
our waitress is so delightful and attentive .
i love the steak .
it was absolutely delicious !
he loved the homemade root beer .
totally love this casino !
steak and eggs for breakfast was excellent .
the dinner special was even more incredible .
what a best kept secret .
great ribs and chicken plate .
large serving and well made .
so affordable and so delicious .
excellent food , beer and gaming .
the steak meal was amazing .
they also have a cool karaoke bar .
best green beans i've ever had .
good steak , great prime rib option too .
it was a fun eating gambling and drinking experience .
go , it's worth the trip !
great inexpensive place for breakfast .
absolutely worth the walk .
the staff was friendly at the bar and restaurant .
the ipa was pretty good , too .
the ribs melt in your mouth !
beans are good cole slaw good !
i hear the restaurant is amazing .
great if you like diner food cheap .
their steak meal special is amazing .
we will definitely come back here while in vegas .
what a nice surprise .
it is more like medium well .
i do love me some ellis island !
i had chicken parmesan it's always delicious !
steak was cooked perfect and it looked really good .
the craft brew is really good and fairly priced .
love this place , it can get very busy .
but worth the wait .
love coming to this place !
restaurant and bbq special both a-ok .
ribs were amazing , brewed root beer was amazing .
this is the place !
give this place a chance and judge for yourself .
great hole in the wall in vegas !
great food at great prices !
best karaoke bar in vegas .
pretty good fare for pretty great prices .
their cocktails are strong , good news folks !
for the price , absolute best food ever .
the service was very good .
i love this place .
the food is great and the beer is fantastic .
we are locals and we love it here .
the restaurant is the best food in vegas .
players cards have great daily rewards .
well , as expected the prime rib was excellent !
great place for barbecue !
great food and great prices in their restaurants .
it's a great value all-around !
the meat taste awesome !
great food and prices !
the waitress was extremely friendly and personable .
i would definitely eat here again !
the food is still amazing and worth stopping in .
great food at a great price .
the services was good .
the steak was the best we had in vegas .
wait was worth it hint hint !
ellis island is a great place to eat .
the chicken fried steak is pork and just wonderful .
great ribs , great beer , decent slots .
monica at the bar was great .
nate and tiffany were great !
good food , great beer all at reasonable prices !
very good beer and barbeque .
the place was great .
they were incredibly nice , talented , and professional .
this is a great little hidden gem .
well , nobody is perfect .
great dj and funky music too .
this place is a blast !
refreshing change from the strip .
boy , were we pleasantly surprised !
awesome ribs , beans and coleslaw .
love , love , love ellis island !
this is my favorite dive casino in vegas .
they have great bbq and prime rib .
i had the shrimp scampi and was delicious !
super cheap and very good !
this review is mainly for the brewery .
customer service i great .
fish n chips are good .
cocktail shrimps are huge .
breakfast is delicious and very affordable .
the food is actually quite good !
ellis island is a hidden gem of las vegas .
nothing fancy , just good food at great prices .
best prime rib for reasonable price .
steak medium rare done properly .
its great service with a great price .
this place is a hidden gem .
the burger was full of flavor and definately surprised .
i sampled the fish and was thoroughly impressed .
service was great and fast .
easily the best value for food in las vegas .
love , love , love this place .
karaoke is a must see .
this place is the best for chicken and ribs .
best ribs in town .
service was pretty good here .
free entertainment with every meal .
the food is abundant , inexpensive , and good .
people that work there always nice .
the food is great .
the beer is great .
it was so good !
took a little long but was worth the wait .
first of all , the prices are very nice .
staff is really kind and approachable .
make sure you sit on the right side !
luckily food came out pretty quick and its delicious .
nice low key spot to fight the hangover .
good , fresh food .
the whole rack of back rib is just perfection .
it was the best dinner ive had there .
lol the prime rib is delicious and juicy .
the sirloin steak was phenomenal too .
also the breakfast potatoes were very tasty !
i give this a major thumbs up !
good prices and food is great as well .
best value and food just off the strip .
keep this a local secret .
we went for the steak & eggs - excellent !
i got the ipa .
we searched for a good home style breakfast spot .
nice family friendly and clean restaurant .
we will definitely be back .
the most professional karaoke experience ever .
worth going one road off the strip .
played back and away from all the crowds .
we were pleasantly surprised .
it's so affordable and consistently good .
excellent tasting food at great prices .
this is definitely a hidden gem in vegas !
great place for breakfast .
just a really nice place .
cooked well , great service , delicious meal .
super fun little locals place for the beer lover .
great experience at a great value .
loved it and i'll definitely be back .
thanks to yelp we found this hidden treasure !
delicious bbq and at a crazy reasonable price .
si much delicious food !
the prime rib is perfect along with the hamburgers .
we won the most at this casino all weekend .
everything was so delicious .
the prices are the best part .
good , honest people serving good honest food .
good portions , great taste .
thanks ellen for letting us know about this place .
best food for the price .
great service , very friendly and good food .
casino is small but clean .
great barbecue ribs and other foods .
good micro brews at very good prices .
all of the people are very friendly .
prime rib was like butter !
super tender and a nice thick cut .
there is a pizza shop inside as well .
got their craft beer for a couple bucks .
would recommend ellis island !
everyone is nice here .
best steak i ever had .
i got to play for some time for free !
absolutely the best breakfast deal in town .
make a right and down the street .
this place is a hidden gem !
the prime rib is where it's at !
such a great deal and such a good meal !
hidden gem in vegas behind the strip .
great food great prices .
everything on there menu that i've tried is awesome !
a great lil casino !
simple to the point .
food is delicious , big portions and great atmosphere .
the price is very affordable as well .
everyone was very friendly .
the food was very delicious .
the beer tastes good as well .
ordered a pizza yesterday and it was simply delicious !
love this place for a great steak !
very good price for the steak and eggs .
burger and fries are delicious , would eat again .
also , there are actually locals here .
the food- tasty and affordable .
i ordered the king prime rib medium rare .
it was so good we went twice .
best steak i ever had .
this place is a gem !
great prices , great bbq and home brew .
steak and shrimp special and free beer baby !
the quality of the food exceeded expectations .
we will definitely return .
the rib was cooked perfect and very high quality .
great food and our waiter was awesome !
off the strip and totally worth it !
my favorite place in vegas for prime ribs !
the service was good and quick .
great experience and dinner for the price .
the karaoke bar was a hit !
the prime rib was fantastic !
we will come back !
very clean environment also .
good prices for very good food !
we had so much fun !
also drink service was awesome !
good food for breakfast lunch or dinner .
it was messy and delicious .
will come here again !
the bbq rack of ribs is so good !
it is a huge plate .
it is still as good as a leftover .
good food , great prices .
also they have really good prime ribs too !
great food but cheap price !
great service and fantastic food !
the food is affordable and filling .
very good , fast service , reasonably priced .
the employees are always great .
it was so tender and flavorful .
the prime rib also came with a beer . )
the food was amazing .
we recommend this to anyone going to las vegas !
i had the prime rib and it was delicious !
totally enjoy every meal and the price was right .
a lot of different variety on the menu .
lucy our server was amazing !
good for the price .
was it the best prime rib i ever had ?
ps : go before 11am for this special !
the food is great and the prices are great .
my favorite is the full rack of ribs .
great food and reasonable .
the breakfast is amazing and it's a cheap eat .
i had the chicken parm and it was delicious .
best place we have been so far in vegas .
your credit card will thank you later .
the best breakfast in vegas !
everybody is friendly , in the bar and casino .
decent steak , killer price .
they were just delicious .
will definitely go back , we found a winner !
great homemade tuna salad .
meat was tender and the portion , big !
let the pictures speaks for itself !
i agree with my fellow yelpers !
great beer and root beer !
i will definitely come back here when in vegas .
the whole place has very homey feeling .
absolutely the best prime rib value near the strip .
ellis has been a local dive bar for years .
cafe is clean and reasonably priced .
unpretentious by all means .
it was an excellent bbq with great prices .
came to this place right behind the strip .
that meal is worth it .
the whole meal was great .
service was great and friendly .
good salmon and decent beer .
i am a fan of this place .
the food was decent and the price was great .
we also had breakfast here and it was delicious .
both were cooked perfectly .
good ribs , fast service .
great food , great service , great prices !
first time there and had a great time .
you are welcomed and feel at home .
love the onion rings .
wow , this place was good !
yes i will be back !
great food and service .
barbecue pit has huge , tasty food !
beer was well priced .
decent selection of games .
by far my favorite casino in vegas .
the food is on point as well .
absolutely love it here .
good service from the bartenders .
their brewery is awesome and tastes good .
it was super good !
great food where the locals go !
one of the best values in vegas .
fairly good service : they were very busy .
the best value in vegas .
i'd highly recommend ellis island .
i love this place over all .
and it's super cheap and you get so full .
i hit the jackpot .
service , price and the food is exceptional .
the barbecue is very good .
they also have good reasonably priced beer .
their prime rib medium rare is heavenly !
this is my new fav spot .
the entire menu is priced very well .
i love this place !
one of the best values just off the strip .
ate at the bbq and was pleasantly surprised .
limited menu but very good value .
the best part is the restaurant though .
hard to believe it actually tasted good too .
it's big and well seasoned .
but quality was good to excellent .
what a hidden gem !
and we bring our children here .
it's always super busy though .
it was also yummy !
it is the best deal in town .
food good , prices awesome !
she works hard to make your experience excellent !
she truly is the best thing ellis island has !
probably the best value diner in lv .
the food is excellent for the price .
i really enjoyed my visit to ellis island !
this is definitely a hidden gem !
the food is amazing !
and great prices too .
best chicken fried steak in town , hands down !
had so much fun .
great food and atmosphere .
best steak and egg special in vegas .
well , i have never seen a friendlier staff .
wow , so glad i did !
i found so many bags i loved !
i love when i can buy local items .
it was inexpensive but very high quality .
so we took a nice walk .
i highly recommend this place !
she knows how to sell .
they sell a nice range of tiny bottles too .
rick was a great guy that knew his stuff !
they are always make me feel welcome .
i was like wow !
they helped me every bit of the way .
justin took great care of me !
he tested both of my systems !
i was very happy !
the customer service at this store is absolutely stellar !
fantastic customer service by jill .
this is probably the best music store in town .
amazing food and beautiful decor .
really enjoyed my visit and will definitely go again !
the service is excellent !
definitely will go again .
great food and great service !
the best part of all was the tandoori chicken .
their mango lassi was pretty good however .
the food was terrific !
i will definitely go back !
this was the best indian restaurant my parents liked .
i absolutely recommend brunch buffet .
overall a good place to have a brunch .
my boyfriend and i loved everything we had .
my family went there and had a great time .
the decor is very good looking .
i would recommend this restaurant to anyone .
still love the service , also the place .
we felt so special and taken care of !
u guys got ta try this place !
totally adds a star to our trip to vegas .
the atmosphere is also great .
it all tasted great .
the buffet was amazing and the service was prompt .
lamb curry was tender and delicious .
i would highly recommend this restaurant .
good value for your buck .
the most delicious i ever had .
be prepared to walk away satisfied and extremely full .
love the ambience here !
the owner was generous and nice man .
i have to say that the good was decent .
even lassi was great too .
this comes from a foodie who loves authentic fish !
delicious indian food you can find near the strip .
me and my husband simply love the buffet .
hence created my yelp account .
absolutely delicious and always fresh .
always friendly and attentive service .
great food & service .
tikka masala is one of the best i've had .
tasty food and good ambience and welcoming host .
this place is solid !
same taste & good service very friendly .
all in all , i love it .
one of my favorite places for indian food .
staff is very friendly as well .
plus crystal , one of the servers is amazing .
best indian in vegas - hands down .
the restaurant decor and atmosphere is great .
staff was very friendly and welcoming .
it is a good stop for vegetarians like me .
the food was excellent !
this is the best indian food in vegas !
great family owned business .
honestly a must try !
great service , amazing food .
amazing food , great prices .
will definitely come back with friends and family .
good chicken tikka masala .
crystal h. was our waitress and she was wonderful !
really good indian food .
i love this place !
great staff and some of the best around .
fantastic food and very attentive service .
the samosas were delicious .
they handle spices well .
they treat and serve their customers very well .
- great food ; very colorful and so delicious !
very good service and really kind .
we enjoyed the food and service .
everything tasted so good .
i will highly recommend this place .
will surely visit again !
would highly recommend it to anyone !
incredible setting and food .
yellow dal is incredible .
this place is so good .
for real tho , so good .
i'm a vegetarian and love eating indian food .
this place is great !
great place off the strip for delicious indian food .
the service was wonderful .
our service was excellent .
food was amazing and service was great !
just loved everything about this experience .
definitely a spot i'll come back to .
a great place to host a party .
crystal was an amazing server !
best indian restaurant in vegas !
definitely worth a visit if you are in vegas .
food was reasonably priced & tasted good .
the food is phenomenal !
one of the best restaurants in las vegas !
i love this place !
the food is fantastic as is the friendly service .
impressive selection of dishes , buffett style .
friendly service and great prices .
the food is exceptionally good .
the best indian food in town .
service was great and the food was delicious .
definitely will be back and worth the drive .
he did a great job and had best fish .
this restaurant felt like home .
i loved the seasoning and the flavors !
i will go back !
will definitely be bringing my friends here .
excellent service with mind blowing food .
food was good but the service was outstanding !
dinner buffet is delicious and affordable .
the food , oh man , it's good .
nice selection in the buffet .
crystal was a really great server .
very helpful , kind and friendly .
lot of stuff and masala curd in appropriate price .
really , really , a lot .
the finest casino in las vegas .
i love this place !
this was my favorite place on our vegas trip .
the drinks are fine though .
that 's all good to me .
good luck finding a better deal .
loved spending time here .
the good : the room was clean and comfortable .
the view was nice .
i really enjoyed my stay here .
nice old school style .
this golf course is so nice !
she helped us plan an absolutely beautiful wedding .
everything about this venue is perfect for a wedding .
thank you for making their wedding day perfect !
the atmosphere is wonderful .
and the service is incredible .
if you get invited please go .
you will enjoy your meal .
we do our meetings here roughly twice a month .
we felt very comfortable working with them .
waitress was fast and nice .
our waitress , bj , was excellent .
i would recommend this location .
thank you guys for great service !
my food came quickly and was cooked perfectly .
they have big servings and tasty food .
food is always great .
wow , what a difference a year makes !
absolutely everything was perfect for us here .
really nice set of rental clubs .
this place is great !
she is very nice and friendly .
great all grass course .
really liked playing here .
i'd definitely recommend this place for a group party .
quality and service was excellent .
it was so well maintained and challenging enough .
these guys are awesome very courteous and professional .
mark the group sales guy is awesome .
they take great care of our military golf group .
chuck is knowledgeable and very patient .
the staff here is just outstanding !
pace of play was outstanding .
the food was outstanding !
we had fun and will be back for another .
the best feature of this course is the staff .
everybody is very friendly and helpful .
but , she knows the current styles well .
however , i loved this place !
i thought it was great .
i have to say - i am a fan !
stayed here for halloween weekend .
friendly staff and clean room .
ok , now for the restaurants .
a great place to wake up hungover .
the beds are very comfortable .
cant beat the price .
i loved everything about this place .
nice to see the place busy .
as usual the people that work there were great .
the pool is small but nice .
i definitely recommend this place to party .
the valet guys were very cool and friendly .
not pricey and worth it .
it feels like a family place .
it's just a fun place .
ok james bond fans .
great pitt boss , dealers , and waitresses .
i love staying here !
big area , clean , nice employees .
even the drink is included !
front desk staff was friendly and efficient .
i came back the next day and was fine .
but overall great service .
basically , this hotel is inexpensive , and cute .
the staff was wonderful and very friendly .
other than that i love the 70s feel .
the rooms were huge and very clean .
service excellent , check in a breeze .
clean and comfy beds also .
in addition the wicked vicky tavern is awesome .
friendly bartenders and good food !
very clean and convenient .
valet parking in the back did a great job !
i really liked this hotel .
it was modern and clean .
i will recommend this place to everyone !
service was world class .
all employees seemed very happy .
casino neat , orderly , and spotless .
give it a shot .
i know you will love it .
the hotel staff were all very friendly .
the rooms are updated and clean .
i'd definitely stay here again .
definitely my favorite of the old casinos .
we will definitely stay here again .
all things considered , awesome for us .
delicious dinner sealed the deal .
the rooms are always great .
see you again next year .
perfect spot at the end of the strip .
i was happy with my experience .
i always stay at the riviera .
rooms good , staff great .
i would definitely stay here again !
i stayed here during my past weekend in vegas .
the room was a great deal .
that 's all it should be good for .
i recommend it to anyone who wants to laugh .
i stayed here last weekend .
yup she was nice .
i will definitely stay here again .
not the newest or fanciest , but it's lovely .
well kept and clean .
ok i'm going to keep this simple .
we got a great deal so we can't complain .
it was great for what we paid for .
the bed comfortable and slept really good .
overall a positive stay .
good bye , riviera !
here again this year with my parents .
so long my good friend !
i will always love this place and always will .
i loved it here .
i feel very comfortable here .
what a classic place .
my mom won though .
loved that not a lot of people were around .
i had such a good experience .
they had a great pool !
these guys are amazing .
but well worth the trip .
and that is the truth !
these guys are fast and awesome .
anyways thanks again for helping us .
thanks for the save guys !
lovely people , straight forward and to the point .
eric is phenomenal , understanding , & handsome !
nice work , don 's .
its great to have a mechanic i trust !
fast , efficient and reasonable .
very quick and reasonable .
very fair price and detail oriented .
i will be back !
very nice and helpful !
i refer my friends to this place .
had a great experience .
i felt compelled to buy something that day .
great for a hangover cure !
the philly cheesesteak was amazing !
but other than that , tasty food .
food came out quick and was super tasty !
definitely going back on my next trip to vegas .
i love the gyro !
great new renovated pool and laundry facilities on site !
try it you will love it .
def would recommend him to my friends and family .
he was also really funny .
he has excellent bedside manner and is very knowledgeable .
i highly recommend him .
his staff is very professional and friendly .
i highly recommend advanced dermatology .
i would highly recommend this place !
he is a compassionate and genuine physician .
i highly , highly recommend dr .
can't thank you enough , doc .
that pretty much sums it up .
this is probably my favorite bar in las vegas !
they work hard for their money !
he is a terrific doctor .
my family also goes to him .
you're always thorough and willing to listen .
also , it takes months to make an appointment .
i highly recommend her as a primary care doctor .
the staff has always been nice to me .
i'll definitely be back .
the customer service here is great .
its a great store .
happy birthday to me .
a british luxury fashion house !
service is the best .
i loved my visit to this store !
seriously great customer service !
fantastic service at this store .
she was very thorough and professional .
both the men and women alike .
i love this sephora , it's so huge !
you name it and they most likely have it !
this particular sephora is brand new .
good location - center strip at the venetian .
it has all the items i need .
but worth every cent .
its not as big but the staff still cool .
this sephora is really nice .
thanks for being there and opening very late .
seriously , thank you .
that 's all it takes for me !
nick did a fantastic job on my eyes .
this place is awesome !
ohhh how i love this place !
great selection but they never really have sales .
great place and huge store .
service is pretty good .
highly recommend paying her a visit .
their prices are fair , products are absolutely recommended .
this store is the best .
the service is great here !
the girls are so sweet !
i tried out at home and loved it !
sephora is always great !
great customer service experience .
and is fabulous at her job !
she is definitely a wonderful asset to your company !
thanks for everything sarah !
they also have a pretty good return policy .
better service at mac .
can wait til next time !
i even got free gifts with my purchase .
nicole the manager is the best .
she helped correct this over the telephone .
she was really friendly , attentive and educated .
good value for the price .
good motel although seems to be old .
nice clean rooms and friendly front desk staff .
they also measured me and had great customer service .
we received real personal service .
i love this club !
the lobby was decorated nicely , cute and modern .
the staff were all nice as well .
room service is fast and very friendly .
it's vegas ; suck it up .
will def stay here again .
i will stay here again .
the pool is amazing also the jacuzzi .
it was a great hotel .
excellent location and staff .
but the royal was surprisingly clean and quite comfortable .
we were extremely happy with our stay !
this woman is magical and very knowledgable .
it is all silver plated .
staff is amazingly helpful .
people like him make coming here a great experience .
everyone here is so professional .
they're so nice and they take their time .
it is very warming .
service is always friendly and fast .
great help this morning !
burgers are really good .
the onion rings & fries are good .
i had the cheeseburger babies and it tasted amazing .
just went here and i loved it !
i was treated with good customer service .
so i was a happy customer at the end .
the material is very strong and of great quality .
parking lot is always full though .
this is a great store .
employees are also very helpful .
excellent work and honest service .
my experience was very good with this place .
thanks guys , i wish you all the success .
these guys still have integrity .
please go see them .
he somehow got it from california next day .
this place has a great bathroom .
big improvement over what was here before .
lot 's of fun play and great shops .
besides that , the mall was large and pleasant .
starbucks in the lobby was great .
fab : newly remodeled gorgeous lobby & casino .
beds are rather comfortable .
room service & menu just as excellent .
one of my favorite pizzas ever !
they had the most delicious deep dish pizza .
they were open late and always hit the spot .
it was well worth it .
i recommend it to everyone .
still spacious and got extra towels with no fuss .
the lady at the front desk was very nice .
unexpected stay for a night .
he was very professional .
i slept really good .
clean room , comfortable .
bottom line , this is good food .
fatburger is better than in-n-out .
this place is good .
well duh , they are different !
they both have fantastic things to offer .
freshly made , so juicy .
i love fatburger , i really do .
yummy in my tummy !
these burgers are delicious .
the burgers are actually quite tasty .
but , a true fan stays loyal .
but they are certainly delicious .
great break from everything big on the strip .
i recommend this place !
quick service for fresh food !
juicy , nice size , well cooked .
to them i say , to each his own .
yeah , now that 's heaven .
will be back and back again and again .
the sign of a finely crafted hamburger .
it was definitely worthwhile .
i love to eat .
and i love to eat burgers .
but man , this one took all my effort .
wow what a great burger .
oh yeah the food .
this place is great !
their regular burger is quite good .
very satisfying for what is a five dollar burger .
the fat fries are also quite good .
service was greatly appreciated .
okay , i was impressed by fatburger .
great late night food !
good size and tasty .
overall good place to eat .
best burger joint i have been to .
the line although long , moved rather quickly .
the best part is their fresh juicy burgers .
it's a good burger .
the burgers were great !
greasy in a good way , with fresh toppings .
a little expensive but definitely worth it .
fatburger is heaven in the desert !
and dam was it good .
so so dam good .
makes a fat boy smile kinda good .
i was blown away with the great combo .
i love this place .
man very good burgers , fat fries are great .
i highly recommend for a burger fix .
definitely worth the wait .
this place is great .
customers made the wait fun !
thumbs up for ppl who love what they do !
it was the best hungover meal ever !
i was happy i did .
this place is awesome !
loved the medium size burger with the fries .
it was really good .
the people are so nice !
always a burger favorite !
good juicy burgers with all the favorite trimmings !
oreo cookie shakes are a favorite as well !
one of the best burgers i've ever eaten .
the best turkey burger ever .
this place is great !
bartenders are amazingly cool .
the staff was excellent .
the burgers here are really good .
can't wait til the next trip !
see you next time fatburger !
tasty seared burgers with crisp edges .
topped to your liking .
but other than that it was pretty good .
really nice food and great service .
definitely enough to share !
great prices on beers and burgers .
a great place for a fun night with friends .
highly recommended for an informal night out !
great burger and fat fries !
a las vegas tradition !
i really enjoyed the burger joint .
i enjoyed my experience .
its truly a must to go their .
loved seeing this la staple in vegas .
good food and the chili is exceptional .
the burgers and fries are great .
the bar is good and cosy great service .
a great , fast easy lunch option on strip .
this hit the spot after drinking and dancing !
our bartender was nice and fast .
the staff was really nice too !
best burger in town !
you can enjoy a burger and people watch !
for vegas , really great price on food .
talking about freakin good .
probably one of the best burgers i've ever had .
i loved that it wasn't oily or greasy .
and this spot on the strip is the best .
great for a cheap burger fries and beer .
has to be the best burger .
everything tastes so fresh .
they have shakes and an outdoor bar as well .
the best fat burger we've been too !
they were all sooo good .
hands down the best burger joint in vegas !
good food , good service .
they were quite tasty and juicy !
staff was friendly as well .
the burger was fresh and tasty !
it was really nice .
can you say delicious !
go during the early afternoon for the best service .
drinks are huge fyi !
i recommend this place highly .
but a solid choice in the strip .
it was so good !
staff was friendly , burger was huge and fantastic .
best burger i've had in a while .
very casual diner feel .
great late night fast place to eat .
it was juicy and tasty !
nice meal after hours !
the prices here are a bit higher than normal .
the staff was very nice .
great late night place for burger and beer .
it is one of my favorite burger spots .
good price , fast service and traditional amazing burger .
my burger was surprisingly good .
awesome little spot on the strip !
my absolute favorite burger joint ever .
highly recommend and the service is great also .
the staff are real cool here .
the burgers were mouth watering good .
the outdoor bar is the best !
every order is cooked fresh just for you .
that burger was good !
seasoned to perfection to .
really thank you guys !
the bartender is super friendly and drinks are reasonable !
the food here is really really good !
my boyfriend loved this spot .
nice service , no wait time .
great value of food for the money .
she was friendly , inviting , and accommodating .
the best late night stop on vegas strip .
waitresses are super friendly and cute .
this place is awesome !
the burgers are delicious and really good !
service was fast , food was good .
loved the medium fat burger and onion rings .
good service and quality burger .
the burgers here were really good .
grilled and with crisp edges .
i would most certainly eat here again .
but totally worth it if you do !
i got a medium with chili and cheese .
this is good stuff .
big thanks to the fellow who helped us !
he made us feel very welcomed !
i think fatburger has a really good burger .
the topping are always good and fresh .
it's unique and it tastes good .
the steak fries are also good .
by far my fave burger joint , ever !
best burger i've had in a while .
very attentive and a great personality .
she made our stay worthwhile .
the burgers were soooo good !
and the price was soooo good !
perfect place for lunch and a great price too !
gon na be a good burger .
would recommend this place .
great burgers and shakes .
hits the spot every time .
best spot to watch the game .
the burgers are great and we always enjoy it .
this place is amazing .
he was very knowledgeable and super fun .
strongly recommend this world famous burger joint !
he was completely right !
the burger was delicious !
really recommend eating at this strip location .
we did the grand celebration tour .
best day of the trip .
we did a helicopter ride to the grand canyon .
whole experience takes half of a day .
he even took pictures with us after our ride !
it is the best experience .
this is the tour to pick .
even lunch was very good .
excellent way to spend the day .
we turned back and we got a refund .
the airplane flight was pretty interesting already .
the trip was amazing .
highly recommend this experience if you can .
was completely amazing from very begging to the end .
great trip to the canyon floor at sunset .
our pilot , kyle was great .
this was a wonderful experience .
everyone is super friendly and facilities were clean .
it is pricey but worth every cent !
beautiful tour by helicopter .
facility is nice and has water and snacks .
this is one ride i'll never forget .
definitely worth the money !
breathtaking scenery from a great helicopter .
worth the extra to land .
thanks , mike for a truly memorable experience !
matt was our pilot and he was great !
the most amazing experience !
did the grand celebration tour and absolutely loved it !
the views were so beautiful !
excellent service and an experience you will never forget .
diana was a great pilot !
wonderful views and great for couples !
very professional and safe operation .
views of the canyon were amazing .
i love the green m & m !
it goes up and up and up .
this place was like a huge toy land .
m & ms world !
well worth a stop if you're visiting sin city .
pretty cool place , but hella crowded .
i enjoyed my visit here .
the wall of m & ms is freakin sweet !
m & m world - what a wonderful store !
their pricing are reasonable !
take your pick it was there !
really great merchandise and fun displays !
love most of their things .
can you tell hat my favorite color is ?
and everything is so damn overpriced !
i loved their concept .
they loved picking out some gifts for friends .
the kids had great fun and it was free !
i love this place .
just a good combination of sweet and salty .
i love this place !
i had a great time .
sugar high that is .
always a must in vegas for me .
i loved this store .
kind of overpriced but great stuff !
everyone loves m & ms !
the movie is pretty funny and enjoyable .
it's a definite must-see , especially with the family .
this place is awesome !
i love taking my kids here too .
we always come out with goodies and gifts .
cute store , lots of merchandise .
this is a must-see tourist place !
so good , and absolutely addicting .
candy , candy and more candy .
i almost forgot to mention the candy madness .
look for your favorite color and enjoy .
highly recommend this place .
i love m & m world !
its fun to walk around and scoop everything out .
cute if you have a kid .
this place is amazing !
it is literally a chocolate lover 's heaven .
see the 3d movie .
everything is just so colorful and fun !
there 's a cute movie that 's worth catching .
there was so much to look at !
thank you for the b of a atm .
in all a good atmosphere to be in .
i fell happy just coming to this store .
wow , who doesn't love this place !
this place is awesome .
it is indeed a world of its own .
it's fun for the family .
the 2nd best place in vegas !
the m & m 's is amazing !
i love going here !
well it just might be here !
love m & m 's world !
great products for gifts !
overall , it's a fun store .
i got some candy in some unique colors .
this was a really fun place to visit .
the kids really enjoyed this store .
i was super excited to go to this store !
such a lovely store !
staff are always nice .
but your child will remember it for a lifetime .
interesting store to visit every now and then .
it's fun to watch everyone go crazy for this .
i love how it smells like chocolate in here !
they also have special mixes of color combinations .
= ) really nice people that work here too !
this place is very cool !
i am pretty happy we did .
i had lots of fun coming in here .
it's just a fun place .
every child 's heaven !
a bit pricey but worth it .
costumer service was beyond great !
we love this store .
definitely stop by if you have the chance !
there is something for everyone to choose from here .
one of my favorite shop on the strip !
i really love this it's unique & cool !
also check out the free 3d movie !
great fun for the family !
my girls love , love , love going here .
well cleaned great customer service and alot of merchandise .
great people work there .
my family loves it .
the merchandise is really neat and creative .
well worth the visit while on the strip .
worth a stop in just to check it out !
i loved the customized m & m 's .
it was fun and quick !
tourists love this place and it gets crowded fast .
awesome place for kids interaction .
i came here and thoroughly enjoyed myself .
this place is insane !
free 3d movie is cool .
promotions are always great too .
good place to grab souvenirs .
it's free and great movie , must watch .
its a must see in vegas !
wow , this shop is great !
i love their 3d movie .
i love m & m world !
great spot for kids .
however it can be a good souvenir place .
everyone here is so friendly !
especially the filipino lady on the fourth floor !
excellent service from both .
always a great place to visit .
it's a very cute store .
lots of different souvenirs to fit anyone 's needs .
it's great and there are good deals everywhere .
this place was pretty cool , especially for kids .
fun to go in once .
great place to take kids .
we were all happy .
happy daughter = happy dad .
its a great place to take the little ones .
its a great store , however its very pricey .
they have four floors and some pretty cool displays .
this place is massive and lots of fun .
worth a visit if you are in vegas .
i love coming here when i'm in vegas .
this place is insane .
the kids loved it .
fun place to visit .
m & m world was so fun to visit !
my boyfriend and i had the best time here !
definitely stop in and check it out .
it's definitely worth at least a walk around .
their selection and wonderful customer service rocks !
it's the name that makes it special .
this place was packed with people .
kids games on top floor !
very nice people working there .
that 's the attraction and it is done well .
seriously the place is sexy without being seedy .
weekly specials = amazing !
the food greatly exceeded my expectations !
this place could easily become my new favorite bar .
good place to watch football .
staff is friendly & attentive .
the food is very good too .
good spot to go for sports events .
you have found it .
killer food and a very nice staff .
this a great place .
i will be back again !
this is such a great place !
the food is amazing .
seriously mac and cheese is like my crack !
inside , though , was a pleasant surprise .
the food here is spectacular .
both were so delicious .
had a wonderful time at bj 's .
my girlfriend and i had the best bartender ever !
ryan was an amazing bartender !
best place to go for late night happy hour .
also , the lemonade really hit the spot !
the service was wonderful !
they were really nice about everything .
great service and great shoes !
i love the setting at drai 's .
definitely worth the price of admission .
i really liked this hot spot for after hours .
small , cozy , good music , attractive crowd .
fantastic after hours club !
ahhh , one of my all time favorites .
okay so the b .
good fun for free .
good lord that 's a lot of money !
definitely a fun place !
anyway , we had a great time here !
that 's good , right ?
i will always love drai 's .
i love drai 's .
still going strong after many years .
it's pretty steep but then again , it's vegas !
drai 's is kinda like a hidden gem .
this is one of my favorite places in vegas !
how can that not be a fun time !
best after hours club in vegas !
go check it out !
it will be the experience !
i love the style of this after hour spot .
excellent bottle service experience .
drai 's has a fantastic layout of multiple rooms .
decor and vibe were cool .
i just discovered the hip hop room .
seriously this club saved the night !
that is a vegas weekend well done .
the decor is beautiful .
make sure you check out the artwork .
definitely a good night indeed !
damn i love this place .
stay sexy , drais .
best after hours club in vegas .
i love this bar after the clubs close .
i love the crowd that comes here .
they totally agreed with me and love going here .
good times lie inside !
the after hours spot to be at !
i'll definitely revisit when i'm back in town !
i love coming here !
love the vibe and atmosphere !
we had amazing service .
its vegas people , everyone is here to party .
this is the spot to be !
always a good time .
has a house and hip hop music room .
security is actually nice .
people were beautiful , dancing and having fun .
anyway , the decor and layout is pretty cool .
can't wait to go back !
a must stop , had a great time there .
great way to finish an evening !
the decor and layout are beautiful .
all the workers are very helpful and nice .
the far back room consisted of hip hop .
this is definitely the place for after hours !
bottle service here is be best .
great after hours spot .
always good vibes when i go there .
people are always nice .
great for small and large groups .
great after hours spot !
it's nice they have a hip hip room !
they have amazing staff and great bottle prices !
beautiful decor that screams classy everywhere you turn .
it is spacious and the dance floor is big .
and the crowd is pretty good and mixed .
if that 's the case we always come here .
i love love love drais !
i have to say the vibe is great .
crowd is really fun .
i love good vibes !
always cracking & always a good time .
staff is very helpful .
the lines are decent for such a popular venue .
i like how they moved to bally 's .
everyone is cool and the atmosphere is awesome .
the music is great here .
diverse , friendly crowd .
venue is very beautifully decorated and ambiance is amazing .
after hours is the perfect place to be .
the vibe is pretty kick back .
the dj was great and kept everyone dancing .
music is great and so are the drinks .
my friend and i loved this place .
far the best club experience i've had .
great music , great vibe , great crowd .
it's a must experience !
best after hours spot in vegas .
gives you a variety based on your mood .
pour is generous too .
nice stiff drinks for decent price .
i was thoroughly happy with the entire experience here .
the quality and variety of art was impressive .
they did a fine job .
i like my new do .
what a fun day we had !
we love this store .
the best part is the velvet wallpaper .
i love champagne 's !
it's smoky and dirty and divey and pure awesome .
it's perfect for the locals .
my favorite dive bar in town .
you will want to keep going back !
this small bar is awesome .
the beer is good .
hilarious and awesome karaoke .
great little bar in a convenient college location .
terrific drink deals all the time .
an amazing , diverse clientele make anyone feel welcome .
the atmosphere is chill and the drinks and affordable .
real people , real good drinks .
love this place and the people that work there .
karaoke night is my favorite .
just keep an eye open out there .
the best dive and throwback bar in town .
awesome , crazy , anything goes bar !
i really like this place .
a relaxed dive atmosphere .
this is my favorite little dive in vegas .
chris the bartender always makes my night !
a perfect dive bar .
see the great karaoke and great singers like anna .
champagne 's means something different to everyone .
our bartender messy jessie is the best !
great drinks and pbr on tap !
we brought our canadian friends tonight !
and they love this dive bar too !
champagne 's cafe is true las vegas !
this place is for real .
absolutely love this place !
the bartenders are friendly and accommodating .
the bartender is friendly .
best dive bar in vegas .
definitely my favorite vegas bar .
always amazing bartenders and service .
it's a vegas landmark .
great atmosphere and very , very friendly service .
this place is great !
if you want seedy , you got it .
the service was great .
our bartender autumn was very attentive and welcoming .
would definitely recommend checking it out .
i really like the place and the atmosphere .
she was very friendly and knowledgable .
had a great experience last night .
found this spot by accident and glad i did .
a lot of selections and really good sales .
customer service is great .
all the employees were so helpful and patient .
i love it here !
also , denny 's is right next door .
i love this casino !
thanks , casino royale !
see you next summer !
definitely a destination for the rowdy crowd .
super friendly and really got into it .
if you are looking for great late night deals .
best dealers in vegas !
this is what you call a freakin hidden gem !
good customer service , quick and friendly bartenders !
the best place to learn to play craps .
it's also our old reliable on roulette success .
way more fun for your buck !
my favorite gambling spot on the strip .
had to hit this place up again this year !
dealers are cool and the bartenders are friendly .
so enjoy this old-school vegas gem .
drink specials are good too !
fun , party crowd !
the dealers were a mix of fun and serious .
we switched tables a few times .
good thing the guy had left .
table games are pretty good .
a good place to play craps .
loved the place and will come back !
i love this casino .
i always have a great time here .
but i love it anyways .
great place to have fun and save some money .
for the price it's a good deal .
definitely staying here again .
one of the cheapest hotels on the strip .
pros - location , accommodations , cleanliness , staff .
probably the nicest best western i've been in .
i am very pleased with my stay here .
helpful staff and nice rooms for a reasonable price !
friendly bartenders and servers .
cheapest drinks on the strip !
be generous on tips !
bartenders are quite cool and friendly .
the casino is a outstanding .
make sure to tip !
an old school vegas casino , classic !
we had fantastic service from one of the hostesses .
great place for cheap price .
and room is very nice .
front desk people are great also .
fast and friendly service .
awesome all the way around !
outstanding care and she was great with my mom !
staff at the hospital did a magnificent job .
he literally saved my life !
this place is the best .
every time i eat there i love it .
keep on doing what ya do !
love ya dj ; hope to see you again .
it was well presented , tasty and filling .
both are very prompt and give great lunch service .
local hangout great margarita and salads , nice bartenders .
the service here is spectacular !
they both always have great suggestions .
good food good prices .
dj the bartender is the best .
it's good and reliable .
we had two servers and they were wonderful !
very professional , attentive and respectful .
definitely will come back .
rachel was the best !
thank rachel for being great and an amazing host !
by far this is my favorite .
i love where i live !
it's a pretty cool and intimate setting .
the meal was good and portions were generous .
the decor in this place was fantastic too .
the price is very reasonable for what you get .
wow this place is great .
i love this place .
we had the best time here !
it was seriously satisfying , delicious food !
this place blew my mind .
great place to go for special occasions .
but the food was amazing .
from beginning to end we all loved the meal .
dessert was my favorite part of the meal .
this place is outstanding .
the decor and entertainment of the restaurant is amazing .
its a vegas must !
the ambience is amazing .
this place was so cute !
food was great and lots of it !
belly dancing was a nice extra .
the atmosphere in this restaurant is truly authentic .
the food was great .
the dancer was amazing .
everything was perfect here .
which , i guess , is kind of true .
i had a great time !
the steak skewers are tremendous - perfectly seasoned .
the food was good as well .
most importantly the food was amazing !
but i do recommend .
this place was amazing !
the food was great !
i got the groupon .
the food was great .
i was way full and satisfied .
the dancers were fun .
loved it , had a great time !
the ambiance and the belly dancing were wonderful .
the food was great too .
definitely a fun place to spend an evening .
this is a quiet little gem on paradise .
this is an amazing restaurant .
its truly a great time for the whole family .
this place is awesome .
i absolutely love this place !
the owner is awesome and attractive : ) .
the seven course meal was excellent .
the food tasted amazing .
very exotic dishes and atmosphere .
worth the trip off the strip .
loved loved loved this place !
owner is extremely nice .
the decor is very ethnic and original .
belly dancers are awesome .
food was very tasty .
highly recommend this place .
great for big groups or small .
had a wonderful time there !
belly dancers for entertainment .
over all great place !
a very cool experience !
he even commented that the music was authentic .
great ambiance , great service and great food .
the belly dancers were very good .
overall the food was pretty good .
one of the best parts of our trip .
that worked good for the kids .
we enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere .
excellent value , ambience !
belly dancers are fantastic !
fantastic food and cultural experience .
i would fully recommend this place to anyone !
i loved the one time i was out .
that or maybe just be nice instead .
the food & entertainment go hand & hand .
overall , a great date night !
great ambience & service .
the best evening meal we had while in vegas !
what a great place .
dont think twice - you'll love it !
this place is amazing !
great little date night spot .
it's definetly a feast !
and the desert is absolutely delicious too !
my favorite was the mint tea at the end .
everyone loved the food and the belly dancing !
i love moroccan food .
she was very talented , beautiful , and entertaining .
i'll definitely be coming back again in the future .
great ambiance with good food .
the staff was attentive and professional .
we would recommend this place to anyone .
it's an overall very entertaining experience .
this is a great experience !
great food , cool belly dancing and relaxed atmosphere !
the servers were great , really polite and friendly .
thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant .
and the food is superb !
the appetizers were delicious .
the food is phenomenal and the service is excellent !
the atmosphere is fun and very entertaining !
i highly recommend checking it out !
and the food is superb !
great food , awesome service and belly dancing .
great food , great people and great entertainment .
each course was scrumptious and perfectly seasoned .
the belly dancer was beautiful and so fun .
great place to have a unique experience .
had a great time here with friends .
food was good , nice for a special occasion .
belly dancer was fun and the service was good .
belly dancers were very entertaining .
a unique experience in vegas .
the food , service , and entertainment were amazing !
thanks to ali and the staff for great service .
this is definitely a hidden gem in vegas .
amazing food , great atmosphere , wonderful experience !
i highly recommend this place !
she even danced with the belly dancer !
great food and great service !
definitely call and make a reservation .
by far my new favorite restaurant !
yes , the food was good .
we had a spectacular time !
always love this place !
highly recommend this place !
atmosphere is outstanding with moroccan decor and atmosphere .
great moroccan food and service .
small and very nice .
best mediterranean food in vegas !
i love this place .
great food and good atmosphere !
i love coming here for the food and ambiance !
i highly highly recommend .
i'm blown away with how tasty their food is .
great ambiance , service and belly dancing !
will definitely come back .
love going here , the food is awesome !
the food is great as well .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
i love this place !
it's so fun and the food is delicious !
absolutely the best food ever .
all of it was fabulous !
i highly recommend this place !
this place was fantastic .
do yourself a favor and stop by this place .
i love every course , from start to finish .
awesome place with great food and entertainment !
the food was really good .
what an amazing place .
highly recommend if in town .
can you say a fun spot ?
will likely be one of our new vegas hangouts !
i was more than pleasantly surprised .
the atmosphere the food the dancing everything was fantastic !
this is the place for you .
the dancers were pretty amazing too .
i love corn dogs !
the fresh lemonade here is excellent .
i just love it .
their fries are really really good !
my favorite store in the fashion show mall .
mary is an artist in hair design and coloring .
give it a try !
such an unexpected spot for a welcoming salon .
mary was absolutely wonderful !
my new fave place !
chelsea is beyond talented !
nice little salon with a great welcoming atmosphere !
ive seen her work !
very natural and comfortable .
she did a beautiful job !
the shop is charming and comfortable .
highly recommend this place and chelsea !
i love the atmosphere and the service .
she did a great job !
this salon is awesome .
it is small , adorable and very comfortable .
i will be a regular .
all of the stylists were very friendly and helpful .
this salon is small but very inviting .
i highly recommend her to anyone .
i love what she did .
highly recommend this place .
yes , i believe it is ! )
small salon , great prices , very chill environment .
all the girls are super nice .
i loved the blow out .
she also did my face makeup for the night !
this place is super cute , clean and professional .
a true hidden gem !
very friendly staff & it was really nice inside .
chelsea is the best !
thank you thank you !
love her " special " technique when doing extensions .
so happy with the new color and cut .
your wallet will be happy too .
i love my haircut .
they match my hair and blend perfectly .
defiantly recommend and will be returning soon .
let me just say " wow ! "
thanks a million mary and see you soon !
prices are reasonable as well .
thanks a million mary and see you soon !
i warmly recommend this salon .
i highly recommend mary .
the gyoza and fried chicken was delicious !
this place has good solid food .
tasty ramen and fried rice .
i love this place .
good memories of yummy ramen .
this place is great for the late night munchies .
the pizza is fresh and the workers are friendly .
great for the traveler on a budget .
the pizza here was surprisingly good .
the location and rooms are perfect for the price .
this is just some awesome , free fun .
come on man , drais is here !
i loved the intimate feel of the casino .
it is an amazing experience .
i got to eat here twice on a comp .
delicious onion soup and salads are made tableside .
its pricey but well , well worth it .
dinner was worth every penny .
the food was fabulous , the service impeccable .
i will be going again !
it is by far our very favorite restaurant ever .
the service is perfect .
the food is always perfect .
it is my mom 's favorite restaurant .
for a kid , that is a lifetime .
inside it is quite dark and romantic .
the tables are round with large velvet chairs .
i have got to set the record straight .
a dining experience to remember for a lifetime .
taste buds never felt so good !
great dining experiences and excellent food .
however it is an incredible dining experience .
would definitely recommend checking this place out .
but cool , we'll take a free meal . "
it's truly a gem .
a lost art but still found at this gem .
portion size is well worth the prices .
thank you for the complimentary birthday cake .
this place is truly the best in town .
once again , a flawless experience .
this was an amazing dining experience .
very intimate and romantic .
a great date place .
the shrimp scampi was a rich and flavorful dish .
its a special spot .
the food was excellent , the service was good .
the william j salad is amazing .
just finished a wonderful dinner .
we also had this delicious sea bass .
excellent and classy food presentation .
experience it while you can .
all in all a great place !
perhaps the finest service in the country .
the food is perfect and the setting spectacular .
great wine list , which we also enjoyed .
the staff and service are beyond amazing !
it was well worth it .
old vegas at its best .
food is amazing and service is great .
the food is the finest quality .
that said , everything is top notch .
the service is excellent and attentive .
a great place to find and really enjoy yourself .
the food is great , service impeccable .
what a wonderful evening at michaels at south point .
the service was superb .
the steak i had was tender and flavorful .
everything on the table was cooked perfectly .
the service , experience , food everything was amazing .
the food is pricey but the experience was incredible .
the atmosphere and service was impeccable .
a true dining experience !
i loved dining here .
the best service in town .
it was truly a great experience .
highly recommend this place for a great dining experience .
i just found my personal jeweler !
very classy and luxurious feel to the place .
it was more beautiful than i could ever imagine .
best dive bar in vegas !
a great selection of bottles and on tap .
thanks again get booked !
they are honest and very good mechanics .
they do excellent work and are reasonably priced .
i'm thrilled to have found them .
they are fair , honest , and thorough !
the work stations are neat and clean !
see mark and his team at import auto pros !
stand behind their work .
great boots & great people .
the people here are very helpful and friendly .
and the selection is great .
the service in the store was honest and friendly .
overall , a pleasant shopping experience .
always visit here for glasses when in vegas .
great service the driver was friendly and efficient !
thanks for saving my trip .
angel came and saved the day .
he was very professional and helpful .
dispatch was friendly and helpful .
but the shoes are great !
i was an arcade master .
this place was great .
you can win different prizes and gifts .
there 's a lot to see , frankly .
well , the cafe is good .
ribs and chili are my favorite .
: ) i love love love this cafe !
and a great lunch it was .
the service was great , and very welcoming .
it was all good even the fries .
nothing special but still very good .
i liked this place .
the interior decor was amazing .
what a great choice !
and damn fine chili !
it is a pretty cool touristy spot as well .
we were actually pretty impressed with their food .
i got extra guacamole , because i love it .
sounds epic and was epic .
my expectations were minimal , but i enjoyed everything .
very cool , but im not sure how safe .
great buffalo shrimp and a good burger .
great place to hang out with family or friends .
bbq is good and the ny steak is great .
just get to the god damn main points .
the decor is fantastic !
i must say , i am definitely a fan !
i was shocked it was that good .
my burger was perfect .
some of the best ribs i've had anywhere .
the burgers and chicken are also excellent .
dinner rolls were a nice touch too !
we had a very good server .
the food was great and the staff was awesome .
we decided to go there and got great service .
great display of bikes .
awsome usa flag food is great and reasonable priced .
we had great service and really good food .
great prices for the portions you get .
i was pleasantly surprised .
but the food was good .
service was prompt and friendly .
the atmosphere was fun and interesting .
it was so delicious .
the blue cheese salad was amazing !
our server was helpful and friendly .
easy , simple menu and nice , friendly staff .
i love coming here .
thank you management for allowing us to be there .
overall a nice relaxing meal .
the bikes on display were fun as well .
there is a great selection of food choices .
the steak was soooooo good .
fajita salad is amazing !
heaters and fan on outside area .
great bbq and service .
happy hour is nice and long .
huge portions and the food was delicious as always .
we like it here .
great service and tasty food served hot .
everyone was really happy with their order .
our server henry was amazing !
the side dishes were also very delicious .
oh well on that one .
great marketing staff over there !
great food , fast service , nice staff .
i would recommend this establishment .
always good food and the service is the best .
the wontons were flavorful and tender .
my favorite came with mango .
very good stuff : ] made me so full .
nice , relaxing decorations .
and our waiter was very friendly and helpful .
fresh and filling , and not too pricey .
the service was really friendly and incredibly fast .
very reasonably priced , decent food and pretty quick .
spent the weekend in vegas ( yeah baby !
i really enjoyed this restaurant .
it was really nicely flavored .
the food was delicious !
the service was excellent .
regardless , loved the food !
i thought chin chin was great .
the extra fortune cookie for my daughter certainly helped !
one of my favorite restaurants .
every time i bring people here they thank me .
definitely hit the spot .
got a good selection of breakfast items !
i strongly recommend this one .
i will definitely go back , trust me .
the fried rice is real good as well .
best chinese food on the strip !
we always bring visiting friends and family here .
everyone has loved it .
the decor is nice .
the service is friendly and prompt .
service was good , had spicy seafood noodles .
good sushi at a decent price .
all in all a good experience .
the food was great too .
pineapple fried rice is great !
waiter was so nice .
rolls were pretty good .
not best i've ever had , but pretty good .
my sister had the broccoli beef , so good !
probably our favorite dish !
service was nice and the restaurant was clean !
the drinks were great too !
service is spot on and friendly .
their pot stickers are amazingly delicious !
food was great service was great .
they all tasted pretty good for ny ny .
great service great people great food .
i always come here for the same meal .
overall a very good experience .
the food was excellent !
the food was very good .
must try it's a great deal !
onto the dinner menu : excellent !
and the food was delicious .
definitely recommend for a group meal .
a great place to try a good variety .
everything was so good !
service was good enough .
the sushi is amazing here .
i highly recomend this one !
the sushi chef was also awesome ben !
our service was very good .
what a great manager you have !
the buffet was fresh , expansive and reasonably priced .
best asian food i've had anywhere .
the best sushi i've ever had !
great chinese food and great service .
but it was good .
the selection was very good .
i would recommend this buffet .
the service was very good as well .
celebrated valentine 's day lunch here .
our server penny was delightful .
pedro was professional and prompt in his service .
the food was good .
the staff was very attentive .
wow this place gets mixed reviews from me .
everyone we encountered was great !
the resturant was great !
fish is absolutely fresh of its kind .
but let me tell you what really shines .
such a great conversationalist .
be dining here again !
the buffet was incredible .
keep up the good work !
anita and jordan are excellent waitstaff .
very attentive and helpful .
love the food too !
sushi was very tasty .
i'll definitely recommend to others .
good food with amazing service .
light with fresh vegetables .
great food and jordan the server rocks .
will definitely come back .
she put us first with consistent unforgettable customer service .
she was very entertaining and fun but yet professional .
waitress and staff wonderful and friendly .
food really good with big portions .
she makes it worth going there .
my family and i greatly enjoyed the breakfast buffet .
amazing cooked to order omelet .
it's really beyond my expectation .
best thing about chin chin - service baby !
these people know the true meaning of it !
both were really good .
see you all in a few months .
the staff was very nice and friendly .
david was the absolute best server !
the service was great .
the food was absolutely wonderful .
i highly recommend it !
we were pleased with our choice .
hostess was pleasant and very friendly .
thank you very much !
there are decent choices for vegetarians and vegans .
food was great and service was excellent !
pedro was a great server .
the food was amazing .
all-around a great experience .
we had a very good meal .
great quality and flavor .
very good fried rice .
the price also includes customized omelette .
i was most impressed by their friendly staff .
one of my favorites in all lv .
thank you cesar , our great waiter .
fruit was incredibly fresh .
the servers were excellent as well .
he deserves a kudos !
will definitely be back when we return to vegas .
what a great recommendation !
thank you , sir !
the staff was very attentive .
awesome and quick service .
our server pedro was excellent with a cute smile .
fresh and nicely arranged .
chin chin has redeemed itself in my book .
the buffet was great , plenty of selection .
very clean and well kept .
the service was excellent .
i will be back next year !
went there today , and enjoyed a great lunch .
staff is super nice and engaging !
they seem genuine in asking how thing 's are .
we were there for brunch and enjoyed the offerings .
it is so awesome to see this teamwork !
oh , the food was very tasty .
the prices were pretty good for the strip .
nice place for a moderately priced meal .
shrimp spring rolls and peanut sauce were really good .
sushi rolls are good .
the hostess was really friendly .
overall very nice place .
i would definitely recommend and come back here again .
but the food was good .
and the bar tender very friendly .
it worth the try and the serves rock !
it worth the try and the serves rock !
it was our first time here .
i definitely recommend it !
he was very nice .
i strongly recommend this buffet .
one of the best buffet i've been there .
we had lunch here and it was delicious !
i will definitely come here again .
the food was good and the service was excellent !
also the yelp deal is a real bargain !
super nice staff and very accommodating !
the food was tasty and varied .
thank you very much !
the selection is limited but it is tasty !
the service was great !
i will return to chin chin !
one of the best restaurants ever is chin chin .
the breakfast buffet is fantastic .
they have some much food yet everything tastes great .
there is great service too .
i love their sushi !
big portions and always so fresh and good !
service is always the best !
we had fantastic sushi rolls and some outstanding cocktails .
i drank a dragon fruit mojito that was delicious .
this place is great .
the service is super good .
fried rice is delicious !
chin chin saved the day .
staff warm and friendly .
our server , oscar , was prompt and attentive .
the buffet was a good bargain for the money .
the desserts were fantastic and pretty .
would recommend for a nice casual bite to eat .
this place is amazing !
great food great drinks and great service .
i highly recommend this place !
service was good and food came out quick .
the food was excellent .
the service was very attentive .
my favorite restaurant of my trip .
the service was phenomenal !
noodles cooked to perfection and a large portion .
the service was fast and it was great .
food is delicious and the staff is very personable .
our waiter was great .
he was genuine and very attentive .
the breakfast buffet is highly recommended !
best chinese food and service i have ever had .
the food was amazing .
highly recommend these dishes and sharing .
manager alex was very helpful and professional .
great food every time we come here .
very good service and decent selection of food !
great food , excellent service and priced well !
definitely eating here again !
the menu looked good though .
it looked pretty good .
the have great fresh rolls with a twist .
i was able to have a little of everything !
we will definitely be back !
well worth the price of admission .
they will also make eggs and omelette to order .
easily got our money 's worth .
super personable and friendly .
he made great recommendations and was patient with us .
lettuce wraps were amazing .
good service and great food .
he's great and we had a great time .
excellent food , courteous service .
reasonably priced , well stocked buffet .
waiter was very courteous and attentive .
the right level of spicy and crispy .
would absolutely recommend stopping by here !
the food was decent but i loved the service .
jordan was our server and she was fantastic !
good food , good service .
great value for money !
wonderful and friendly staff .
my second visit , will come again !
i liked everything here .
the service was wonderful and i'd eat here again .
the honey spicy jumbo shrimps are a must too .
the service is superior too .
the lunch time buffet was absolutely amazing !
i really loved chin chin !
our server was incredibly kind as well .
and it's super fresh and tasty .
so many options and the staff is super helpful .
the breakfast is awesome .
will definitely come back .
the breakfast buffet has something for everyone .
the dessert is nice .
very efficient and friendly staff .
great value for money !
i would definitely recommend it !
i always enjoy coming here .
i loved this place .
well , i had an amazing time !
this place is fun .
it's a pretty entertaining place !
great place to hang out !
this place made my night simply spectacular !
we had the best time , i think .
definitely a good time out !
it was something different , but super small .
free shots , good music !
had so much fun !
very good mix of music !
easy to get drinks !
they played a good variety of music .
had such a great time and danced on stage .
had a great time !
met some cool people from various places .
its a place for having fun & dancing .
this place was cracking and alive .
anyhow my cousin and i had a blast .
thanks for the good time .
it is a fun , relaxed placed .
it never happened , and i was really surprised .
just the same , i really liked the food .
had a very nice experience at this place .
the waiter was very attentive !
dress ranges from slightly casual to casual elegant .
sam our server was fantastic .
the king cut prime rib is amazing .
the sides are good , too .
i also liked my iceberg salad wedge .
started with a great wedge salad .
i will definitely be back !
the food is incredible .
overall , service was really good as well .
a pleasant surprise , considering it's las vegas .
i picked my steak out in a line up !
consistently good and great atmosphere .
i would definitely eat here again .
very expensive , but worth every penny .
the best steak ive ever had .
the steaks here are excellent !
the service is good too .
this is my favorite steakhouse in lv .
clam chowder was chunky and well prepared .
asparagus makes another fine side .
the bartenders were fantastic , really friendly and helpful .
the mussels were absolutely fantastic !
and i loved the mixed drinks i got .
and well worth the price .
i am a huge fan .
best restaurant in new york new york casino .
ribeye is probably the best .
great wine selection as well .
creme of spinach + potatoes are also very good .
everything was superb and deliciously season !
i love this place .
i really love it .
great for any occasion .
delicious roasted garlic garnish with all of the steaks .
best meal i had on my trip !
overall food was epic and service was adequate .
( smaller is better , otherwise it is huge !
definitely a place to visit while in vegas .
this is my favorite steak house in vegas .
the steaks are huge and always prepared to perfection .
excellent attentive service and extensive food and wine menu .
the service was top-notch too .
great taste , killer on the stomach .
pricey , but well worth it .
we couldnt finish it , too full .
i left full and happy .
overall a very awesome experience .
this place was great !
absolutely delicious and worth every penny !
every recommendation he made was delicious !
were cooked and seasoned to perfection !
we'll definitely be eating here again !
this place has my new favorite grilled artichoke .
the steak was great and done just right .
i can't even finish it .
the best steak ever .
every dish is presented beautifully .
the sides are even great .
the prime rib is so tender and huge !
i was happy with my food .
steaks were seasoned well .
really classy place , and we had excellent service .
amazing steak , great bartenders !
simply put , i highly recommend .
definetely a great steakhouse .
the food was great .
small portion , but filling !
i would definetely recommend this place .
they have the best filet mignon ever !
came again to enjoy a excellent steak .
well staffed with excellent waiters .
service was fast and courteous !
he was very chill and treated us great !
nice atmosphere and it can be romantic .
the food was delicious i was very impressed !
the meat melted in my mouth and was juicy .
love the cowboy steak !
but man i loved this place .
ny steak was delicious .
the staffs are super friendly .
menu is simple with huge portion .
besides that it's two thumbs up .
steaks were perfectly cooked and very tender .
this place is amazing .
filet mignon and lobster tail was very good .
and it was huge and cooked perfect .
four cheese macaroni was good .
this place is awesome !
will be back next year !
her steak was very tender and flavorful .
amazing beef quality and excellent customer service !
as it turns out , their food was excellent .
their bar service was absolutely phenomenal !
the clam chowder is amazing .
service was top notch as well .
best decision i have ever made .
best fish i have ever had .
everyone else was immensely satisfied with their meals too .
the filet mignon was exceptional .
i had the organic salmon = delicious !
the service was top notch !
this is the best steak i've ever had .
this restaurant was great .
the service was wonderful and the price was reasonable .
best ribeye i ever had .
steaks were cooked perfect .
the mashed potatoes were also a big hit !
the steak was very tasty !
had a really good time here .
the staff were friendly and the steak was good .
we love this place too !
and i loved it !
the cowboy ribeye is my favorite .
service was good and the steaks were delish .
i always appreciate when restaurants do that .
excellent service always and steak cooked to perfection .
the rib eye is just so wonderful to savor .
fantastic food - very friendly and helpful staff .
nice setting and a pleasant escape from the casino .
the food was delicious .
it was very tender .
best steak in vegas !
definitely the best steak house in vegas so far .
seating is casual and slightly cramped .
the staff is amazing and very attentive .
the steaks were great .
we had a fabulous time and great service !
five of us shared two entrees and two sides .
the best steak ever !
the service was excellent and the food so yummy .
fantastic steaks , appetizers , and service .
seriously , mind blowing .
drinks were excellent as well !
the steak was amazing .
literally the best i have ever had .
our server was great .
we talked hockey , which is always great !
the lobster was so sweet and tasty .
best rib-eye i ever had .
the food was amazing and the atmosphere was nice .
i will definitely go back .
this steak was delicious !
definitely recommend gallagher 's for any steak lovers .
our waiter was great too .
the steaks were delicious and cooked to perfection !
we had an amazing dinner .
my boyfriend and i love this place !
amazing steaks and great wine selection .
amazing prime rib was so tender .
the green beans are a must .
along with the sauted spinach which was very tasty .
in the best steaks i've ever had top ten .
great atmosphere , great service , great food .
atmosphere is lively and service is absolutely amazing .
lots of good sides to choose from .
the meal was delicious !
a very nice place .
prime rib was a huge slice of yummy !
clam chowder was the best !
a must do in vegas !
great food , wonderful service !
one of the great steakhouses in las vegas .
it was flavorful and fulfilling .
he's very attentive and service with a smile .
what can i say great service , great food !
the cut was large and perfectly cut .
definitely head back here again .
staff is friendly and attentive .
brother and husband had the chicken and loved it .
we've enjoyed several great meals at gallagher 's steakhouse .
i loved it though !
very good restaurant in food quality and service .
definitely will come back .
aged new york strip was the best !
our server , preston , is a stand out .
really good , nicely seasoned with a nice char .
the sides are fresh and full of flavors .
plenty of wait staff with fast and friendly service .
great value and service .
the pomegranate martini is perfect .
the clam chowder was delicious .
great place for a casual date or family dinner .
recommended by a friend !
the staff is very good , friendly .
the ribeye was fork tender and cooked perfectly .
the sides were excellent as well .
it is a nice quiet place .
great fillet steak , good fries .
overall a very nice restaurant .
the steaks were the best i have had .
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone .
the dry aged new york is sooo perfect !
best tasting steak i've had in a long time .
best steakhouse i have ever been to .
great service and even better food .
i really enjoyed my dinner at gallagher 's !
the service was great as well .
prime rib was delicious .
very tender and tasteful .
the steaks were amazing !
the service was wonderful .
the prices are good for what you get .
environment was delightful and romantic !
their desserts were also very good .
best steak i've ever had in life .
it was during las vegas restaurant week .
always wonderful food , nice quiet atmosphere .
the steak is phenomenal !
always a vegas most for me !
great steak and good service .
best steak i have ever had !
medium rare is the way to go !
the bone in ny steak was absolutely divine .
full lobster was so good too .
recommend the sides of spinach and broccoli with cheese .
staff was very courteous but also fun !
dozen times and it is always amazing .
the service is impeccable and the steak is perfect .
very good steak house !
great side choices as well .
this place is a must when in vegas !
i wanted a great steak and i found one !
wait staff was awesome , very professional and friendly .
holy yummy cow batman .
was great both times .
porterhouse cooked exactly right .
excellent for the money .
reasonable steakhouse prices with good food .
very good value for a vegas steak .
the food here was amazing .
great service , great food .
our server was fun , outgoing and so pleasant .
i would recommend to everyone .
the prime rib was cooked perfectly !
the salmon was delicious !
the service was absolutely great as well !
overall great experience , i'll definitely be back !
will definitely be back next time in vegas .
the service was excellent as well .
we had fresh seafood and a great steak .
gallagher 's was great !
best ribeye i've had in days !
the steaks are awesome !
service is excellent as usual .
just enjoyed a fabulous meal tonight .
sam was a fantastic waiter .
the food was delicious .
well worth the money .
my husband and i found this place on accident .
i especially loved the light but flavorful mushroom salad .
the best service i've ever received !
our new york strip & lobster tail was exceptional !
one of the best steaks i have had .
well worth a visit .
the steak and service are top notch .
the service is also unmatched .
definitely will return , definitely recommend !
my wife 's filet was perfect as always .
easily our favorite vegas eatery .
wow , the food here is amazing !
the cowboy ribeye is as good as they come .
we got mushrooms and mashed potatoes as sides .
we both left full and happy .
i will definitely visit again .
desert we had cheesecake love it as well .
dinner was awesome well when we finally got it .
that was the best steak ever .
so nice and great customer service .
the food is really good too !
loved loved the experience .
will definitely be back !
excellent restaurant and dining experience .
great steaks , as you'd expect .
this place is seriously good .
but it was so so worth it .
would love to see something creative in this category .
all in all a good dining experience .
service was spot on as well .
had a great dinner with an amazing wait staff .
top notch food and service !
great staff and the steaks were perfectly made !
everything here is delicious .
waiters are very friendly .
very good steak at a reasonable price .
had dinner here and the service was spot on .
great people and great service .
the best rack of lamb i've ever had !
well done and still juicy !
the food was delicious !
we ordered cesar salads nice presentation and perfect portion .
both cooked to perfection and melted in your mouth .
service was wonderful and prompt .
crab surf and turf was amazing !
everything was cooked perfectly to order .
the atmosphere is great the service top notch .
i felt it huge !
everything on the menu is outstanding .
they consistently have the best king crab legs .
their aged beef is amazing .
the decor and feel of the place is great .
the steak was perfect ( rare ) .
great food , great drinks , great service .
price was more than reasonable .
but food was amazingly good .
i will eat here again .
my very favorite steak house , bar none .
i had a juicy ribeye steak , rare .
always the best cuts of meet and outstanding service .
they have the most delicious bread too .
outstanding service and a wonderful meal .
thanks for a great experience .
we really had a great time here !
from start to finish an excellent steak house !
their steaks are always cooked to perfection .
the atmosphere is great and so is the service .
i highly recommend this place .
service was excellent , food was even better .
both steaks were delicious and cooked to perfection .
both were very good as well .
overall a great dining experience .
cooked perfectly and the flavor , top notch .
highly recommended for a great dinner spot in vegas .
always a must when we are in vegas !
food is incredible , and the staff is great !
easily one of the best steaks i've ever had .
the staff was amazing .
bobby our server was great .
it was a lot of food !
seriously the best service and ridiculously amazing lobster .
mac n cheese was so good !
" best steak of my life ! "
i liked the ambiance .
dark steakhouses are my favorite .
i also has the scallops which were perfectly cooked .
overall a good place to dine .
best we have both ever had .
great flavor and large portions .
best food we ate in vegas .
ordered the new york steak and ribeye .
very delicious and great service.
excellent place for a nice dinner in vegas !
our server was spot on and very helpful .
it's a splurge but definitely worth it .
the steak here is wonderful !
comes with roasted garlic which is super delicious .
staff also comes around to take your picture .
the prime rib melts in your mouth !
the mixed seasonal mushrooms were also great .
sammy always takes care of us .
the food is of course so incredibly delicious too .
so personable and knowledgable about the menu !
perfectly charred on the outside and seasoned to perfection .
definitely worth the money .
great place to stop before or after a show !
service was great too .
the bar , a must !
i love this place .
the sides were also outstanding .
we had a wonderful dinner here .
service was great too .
probably the best steakhouse i have ever ate at .
he took good care of us at our table .
all i can say is delicious .
taking sean 's great recommendation we'll be back soon !
and definitely we'll be heading for the bar !
superb and the wait staff over the top !
the food was excellent will recommend and be back !
it was all very tasty .
chips and salsa were immediate and fantastic .
service was fast and attentive and pleasant .
food was tasty and we were all impressed .
i was actually pretty surprised by this place .
everything served hot and fresh with great ambiance .
the food was excellent .
they have great salsa , and really good food .
i would be happy to eat there again .
this place is great .
this place is good !
i was surprised how great the food was .
chips and salsa were good .
so to me it really hits the spot .
absolutely a must while you are in lv !
chicken was nice and tender .
steak nachos were good and tasted really fresh .
possibly some of the best enchiladas i've ever had .
food was good and great service !
margaritas great especially at happy hour .
chips and salsa were plenty and delicious .
and i love the super tall margaritas .
the service is always friendly and great .
patron silver chambord margarita !
chips & salsa are the best .
we always eat here when in vegas .
good latin music , the vibe was nice .
very good chips and salsa .
i loved this place .
the food was great .
they were great with complimentary chips and salsa !
service was friendly and quick .
food was great as well .
see you on our next visit .
an excellent mexican restaurant in vegas .
the staff is friendly and the food is delicious .
highly recommend going to this restaurant .
we had a great time !
the wings are the best here !
a good combination of spicy and sweet .
everything is pretty good .
food was pretty good with decent prices .
you got ta get the fresh guacamole .
they make it fresh right at the table !
the next two were just as good .
sizzling fajitas are my favorite .
lots of flavor and very soft .
the food is amazing !
their appetizers are so good .
and the service is the best .
very relaxing and enjoyable on the " courtyard " .
we both enjoyed the fresh guacamole appetizer .
the food was enjoyable and filling .
very good for the price .
loved the happy hour !
excellent customer service , attentive but not intrusive .
the food was very good and great portion size .
definitely better than a buffet : ) !
the chips were amazing .
i liked the atmostphere of the restaurant .
the service was excellent .
we got everything in a timely manner .
this was a great restaurant !
their prices were really good for what you get .
very good for a mexican place on the strip !
we had fajitas today and they were outstanding !
the tortillas are warm , soft , and tasty .
we'll continue coming back .
very tasty and flavorful .
this was a truly great meal .
the sauce was sublime and just a little smoky .
they also have a separate vegetarian menu - nice !
gripe number two , the prices are pretty high .
it was a blast !
great vibe , pretty people !
tortilla soup was great .
definitely going back in july !
we also ordered guac which was tasty as well .
the margaritas were tasty too !
good place to enjoy some latin dancing !
what a nice surprise !
the chips and salsa were great- nice and spicy .
my veggie tacos were good .
nothing spectacular but good sized portions .
my husband loved the pork belly tacos .
i'm very happy with the management for this company .
best bang for the buck .
come with an appetite because the food is filling .
made right in front of you .
table side guacamole is awesome .
the service and food was excellent .
you can tell everyone working here is like family !
thanks everyone for a great time !
good go to in the sin city !
delicious chips and salsa !
some of the best salsa i have had .
shredded beef was delicious .
the customer service was soo spectacular .
really attentive and checked on us allot .
food was great too .
really great chips and salsa .
my best meal in las vegas !
service , food and drinks were all top notch .
the food was hot and delicious .
i'd definitely recommend this place .
the steak nachos are so worth it .
this drink will definitely get you feeling good fast .
give it a try !
actually the aroma is what really caught our attention .
their customer service was excellent and on point .
i totally recommend this place , authentic mexican food .
the chips were fresh and warm .
his bloody mary was well-made .
the tortilla soup is delicious .
the fajitas are a winner too .
delicious food and great service .
would definitely recommend this place !
service is usually good too .
decent prices and nice atmosphere .
this place was amazing !
great spot for some amazing food .
great service , ask for chris .
chips and salsa were the best i've ever had .
fresh and great flavor .
this is a good spot to eat at .
good food better service .
had a rib eye came with rice and beans .
steak was good for the price .
good atmosphere and the service was great .
he had great food and drink suggestions .
great food and service !
good chips and homemade guac ( table side ) .
a hidden gem in vegas , absolutely perfect .
this food was outstanding .
great authentic mexican , great atmosphere .
great place where we go every time in vegas .
fast service and great drinks .
service was great and friendly , overall extremely satisfied .
reasonably priced and had a pretty good selection .
would definitely eat here again .
the shrimp street taco was also amazing .
best rita in vegas !
our bartender oscar was great and fun .
the food smelled amazing !
great margaritas and great tasting food .
great service , great place , delicious margarita !
love the food here .
the halibut was perfect !
the service was spectacular !
our waitress was also very friendly .
good choice to grab something quick and affordable .
the food was also pretty good .
the rice was delicious .
food is very good !
staff is very kind and friendly and funny !
our server , oscar , was amazing !
we will definitely be back .
the tortilla soup is the best !
hands down the best table side guacamole ever !
amazing place to eat !
the food and atmosphere is the best !
our waiter joe was great !
very nice and on top of things .
give that man a raise !
friendly , helpful and knowledgeable .
if you like good service and mexican food .
this is a good choice .
happy hour was decent for the price .
drinks were good for the happy hour price .
freaking awesome delicious food !
thank you so much !
prices are reasonable for the strip .
our server chris was attentive and friendly .
very good atmosphere and friendly and attentive waiters .
good prices especially for the strip .
the shots are also very generous .
my first yelp and here in vegas !
love their happy hour and spin the wheel deal !
carne asada fries and salsa are amazing !
thank you , hector .
see you next year .
crab guac was tasty .
this was a great experience !
the whole staff was so warm and helpful !
we eventually got it open .
the servings are big and filling .
i enjoyed my beef chimichanga .
such a lovely staff !
thank you for a great dinner guys !
great food and great customer service .
everyone is so attentive and nice .
and the food comes out fast tasting delicious .
we will definitely be back !
this is my second review for this amazing restaurant !
will definitely be back this trip .
i totally recommend it to anyone visiting las vegas .
it gets pretty packed tho .
i enjoyed the food here .
the carne asada plate was great .
they had really amazing service .
very very very attentive !
our waiter was very nice and helpful .
we will be back to see justin !
service was good , atmosphere is nice .
i love this place !
their staff is friendly and helpful as well .
convenience store and souvenirs at a very reasonable price .
well that one has really cool staff .
they are very helpful .
got ta love chanel !
he actually smiled at me !
this location has a great selection as well .
it's amazing to see them in real life .
i love chanel , always have and always will !
she was so attentive and so nice .
the chanel @ wynn is lovely .
great products and the atmosphere is friendly .
it was absolutely stunning .
the jewelry section is separated from the rest .
super lovely & elegant .
small store , nice selections .
and she is now a chanel fan !
this has become my chanel spot in vegas .
the service here is wonderful .
variety is always appreciated !
beautiful , beautiful store , how i love thee !
it was a great experience .
we highly recommend her .
classic , timeless , and great !
loves chanel , yes she ( me ) does !
other than that the service was excellent !
definitely ask for stephanie when shopping here .
i love this chanel store .
she helped me with everything .
she made us laugh the whole time .
gorgeous store in the wynn .
the store is immaculate and very organized .
even the make up area is well maintained .
staff here is so friendly and helpful .
they are so friendly .
overall , it was a pleasant experience !
i highly recommend working with christine .
bought a medium boy bag and loved it .
its closing so they had great deals .
new changes look great .
great price with aaa discount for a weekend .
nice place plus they got free breakfast .
friendly staff and nice sized rooms .
breakfast is good here too and is complimentary .
the staff here is wonderful .
she was friendly , funny and helpful .
the rooms are clean and comfortable .
a nice place for a decent price .
dr. mike is amazing .
my family has been to this practice for years .
i highly recommend them to anyone .
just had a lovely dinner there with my family .
the service was fast and the waiter attentive .
fast service & delicious food .
quick and easy money exchange at great rates .
this is a great place to exchange money .
this place is the best !
this place gives you the best rates hands down .
rates are awesome and worth the trip .
i'm so happy i found this place !
my experience with foreign money exchange was good .
really easy and professional .
pretty good rate to boot .
as great as their reviews suggest .
fast , friendly , and extremely knowledgeable .
great exchange rates to boot .
both times very easy , fast , and convenient .
thanks for making the process so easy !
helpful , friendly and quick .
very small transaction , still got the best rate .
just simple , quick and done .
nice people and great rate .
thank you so much !
the interior is quite nicely decorated and historical .
they are vey good at what they do .
the transaction was easy & fast !
i also got a great rate , extremely reasonable .
excellent exchange rates and great customer service .
thank you for a great shopping experience !
they just do it right .
still one of my favorite restaurants .
the service here is awesome .
one thing i love more than meat is butter .
what a perfect combination .
the sizzling butter is a nice touch .
i prefer my filet rare with no butter .
one of my favorite steakhouse chains .
this is the place !
pricey but it's worth it !
my petite filet was tasty goodness .
the food is good and the service is prompt .
always my first dinner in vegas .
great service and excellent food .
that is some damn fine beef !
beautiful bar area , too !
i love this place the food is amazing !
this place is well worth the money .
they had a really good selection too !
nate , the bartender , was fun and engaging .
will be back again for late night fun .
this place was delicious and the service was excellent !
fantastic old school steakhouse .
ruth 's chris is fantastic .
i still love you !
good food , fancy cafe .
i enjoyed the service .
we had a great time and service was awsome !
the sauce was lite and tasted great .
goes great with the bread !
and they do have a great wine list .
this place is great !
lucky for us , it was a great pick .
the portions were excellent and food was very flavorful .
this place has top notch service .
talk about an amazing seafood tower !
the place was quiet and romantic .
the waiter was refreshing .
the food was wonderful .
asparagus was crisp and light .
perfect dinner before love show .
amazing service and delicious food !
a very nice piece of fish !
nice wines and very well prepared foods !
wow what a great experience .
great service and the atmosphere is breath taking .
great atmosphere and good service .
the food overall was good .
overall , it was a good experience .
very good service and food .
the ambience is excellent .
the prices are reasonable as well .
the meat sauce is amazing .
rigatoni is a definite must !
the italian food was good .
make sure you dress up a bit too .
love love love their lasagna .
excellent service and delicious food .
the bread and dipping oil was so good .
will definitely eat here again .
great atmosphere and food !
service was pretty good too .
what a wonderful surprise !
most importantly , the food was truly amazing .
one of the best kept secrets on the strip .
so so so so so good !
it was very tasty .
best restaurant hands down in lv .
unbelievable service and great new menu .
the food was amazing !
both meals were excellent .
but was worth the wait !
definitely recommend this place to everyone !
which i found to be very good .
great service at the bar .
great meal , great setting and service .
both tasty and well presented .
the service is truly a cut above .
truly an excellent experience .
the good is good but not top caliber italian .
the staff was upbeat , informative and spot on .
again , everything was amazing .
we will definitely be back !
the meatballs were wonderful !
i love this place , perfect date night dinner .
everything is just perfect .
kim our server is really good and efficient .
excellent service ( kim was our server ) .
great intimate dinning with class .
excellent pasta and meat dishes .
delightful service and great drinks .
nice dinner with my husband .
the dressing on the caesar salad was amazing !
i ordered the lobster pasta and it was fantastic .
we also had great service !
i loved the service and the food was great .
the meal sizes were great price range .
wine selection was great .
highly recommend it veal and fish dishes were excellent .
great from start to finish .
the room as absolutely beautiful .
the service is perfection .
they have the best wine selection in town .
this is the best kept secret in vegas .
perfect dinner perfect atmosphere great night .
overall a highlight of our stay in vegas !
thank you for giving us the perfect dinner date .
best shrimp alfredo sauce .
waiter suggested wine n went well with our dinner .
what an amazing food experience .
he absolutely loved it and devoured it .
thank you for the incredible experience .
my server was sharp real sharp !
my food was good .
but all in all i was very pleased .
love this place and been coming for many years .
one of the best dinners ever .
the food here is spectacular .
it's traditional italian meets savory & decadent .
four for dinner before a show .
we all thought that was very thoughtful .
his meatballs are spectacular , as are his pastas .
we were happy with everything .
the ravioli was easily the favorite .
the meatballs were great .
great service and amazing food .
our party of four loved our dining experience here !
from food to service everything was outstanding !
we will definitely be coming back .
the food was excellent .
definitely will have that as an entree next time !
thanks again for a great meal .
the food was great !
the appetizers and ravioli was very authentic .
overall a very nice vegas dining experience .
this place is outstanding .
service was excellent as well .
both were excellent , as were the sides .
: ) the food was delicious .
first off , food is excellent .
steak was well prepared and seasoned .
otherwise , they just give you the regular menu .
the food and service here is wonderful .
food was very good .
the service was also top notch .
the atmosphere of the restaraunt is really nice .
this place is good .
nice decor and great food .
let me tell you .
the service was excellent .
the service was excellent !
nice atmosphere - our table was by the waterfall .
pricey , but worth it .
so perfectly spicy , salty and tangy .
the seafood platter is awesome .
the steaks and seafood are delicious .
the wine list is excellent .
i love this place !
the lobster bisque here is simply delicious !
plus that puff pastry dome over it is excellent .
the bone in ribeye is so tender .
the service was excellent !
all of them were delicious .
for fine dinning this place was delicious and beautiful .
i highly recommend doing that .
i had sea bass and it was excellent .
lobster bisque and snow crab legs were amazing .
great food comes with a great price .
well worth the price .
the service and atmosphere are top notch .
nice place to take the wife or girlfriend .
pricey but worth it !
great food and wonderful service .
lobster bisque remains the best item on the menu .
it is soo tasty !
it was two thumbs up .
what a great customer service !
had a large group and pf has big tables .
i love going there .
food was delish and served in a timely matter .
as always , good food .
cute staff and patrons .
this chinese food really is !
go to their happy hour !
everything on the menu is tasty .
the drink specials are really good too .
love it both times !
and lettuce chicken wraps are always a must !
this place is soooo good !
this is my favorite thing on the menu !
i crave them all the time !
i also love the kung pao scallops !
but everything else i've ever had was really good .
good food and good service .
good food and the ambience was very nice .
the service was wonderful and our waiter was awesome .
my husband loved it so did i .
food and service was great .
but i enjoy getting takeout from here .
my favorite pf changs .
always really good food and friendly service .
fantastic dinner for the family .
i always have a good meal here .
the egg drop soup was very good today !
very good reasonably priced .
one of our favorite chinese restaurants .
love those lettuce wraps .
great personality , the food came fast !
good size servings to .
will definitely come again .
food was perfect except one item .
their lettuce wraps are amazing , a definite must !
food , yummy as always .
their manager brings it out to you .
so , that worked for us .
the pf chang 's food is great .
interesting options prepared well at the right price .
wonderful food and service .
my server alicia was so sweet and attentive .
i'll come again just for you .
so so so personable .
excellent service by scott .
chocolate peanut butter cake was extremely delicious .
thanks pf chang 's !
love the lettuce wraps and crab wontons !
food was great as always .
great time and decor and clean .
everything we ordered was great and well prepared .
me and my family we always eat here .
hopefully we wont in the future .
i'm glad to have found this gem .
decent food , good service , mediocre hostess .
i love the pina colada drink .
the food was so tasty !
the fish options were really exciting .
the fish was tasty and fresh .
josh was probably the best waiter i've ever had .
thank you for such a great experience .
i love this place !
it's has a great selection to choose from .
today husband got hot fish with brown rice .
lettuce cups are my personal favorite .
also love the crispy green beans and calamari .
the manager was also super nice and personable .
i love this place !
it's has a great selection to choose from .
today husband got hot fish with brown rice .
had an amazing dinner and great service by dan .
dan made the experience absolutely great .
hostesses did an amazing job as well .
nice interior , spacious , good views .
the staff is very friendly as well .
really liked it here .
so yeah , i am a fan .
for what it is , this place is great .
the owner was also very nice and personable .
prices were reasonable and service was excellent !
finally , an honest body shop .
as good as it gets .
bumper and side are perfect .
absolutely pleased with this company 's labor .
definitely went above and beyond to meet my expectations .
all i can say is wow .
the paint was impeccable .
professional service with a great attitude .
they have truly earned their high rating .
absolutely pleased with this company 's labor .
definitely went above and beyond to meet my expectations .
thank god i found this place !
these professionals genuinely want to help you .
they do really good work and are reasonably priced .
i've definitely found my las vegas body shop .
they price match and are a class a shop .
quick turn around and a great product !
friendly and informative people .
i enjoy doing business with them .
the price was super reasonable as well .
ron took excellent care of us .
he was very professional and really knew his stuff .
all in all great staff totally professional .
luckily i found this place through yelp !
he is excellent and responsible !
best body shop in las vegas .
will do anywhere from classic cars to exotic cars .
excellent work - new ford parts used .
this place was very friendly and helpful .
professional amd courteous staff !
i especially loved randy ; what a silver fox !
it looks better than new .
their staff is always friendly and easy going .
he also handled the insurance issues for us .
i can absolutely recommend this facility .
awesome customer service and very knowledgable .
jason was awesome , honest , and very professional !
thank you all at metropolitan auto body !
great spot for late night eats .
beans hot and tasty .
guacamole lettuce and tomato perfectly balanced the kick .
the way authentic mexican food should be .
steak quesadilla well meaty and cheesy .
great fresh fruit juice .
carne asada burritos are the best .
homemade fresh salsa everyday .
they take real good care of you here .
ricardo was the best .
i am so excited !
thank you for your expertise , ricardo !
ricardo was perfect and on point with his selections .
always remembers me and asks about work and family .
will always come here for my donut needs .
fresh , fresh , fresh fresh !
the prices are great too .
these are simply the best donuts in the valley .
worth the trip from where ever you are !
lv donut house won for sure !
they have a great assortment .
the glazed doughnuts is one of my favorites .
these are the best donuts i have ever had .
we especially love the cake ones .
heck , they are all good !
pretty darn good doughnuts !
this is my absolute favorite donut location .
the dough has great flavor and are fresh !
this guy is the best and always friendly .
this is my favorite .
if you love meat this is heaven .
quality of the meat is the best .
staff are nice and price is right .
the service was great .
that was very nice of him .
ambiance was perfect for a relaxing dinner .
good service and good food .
the service is always amazing .
the coffee tastes like heaven .
great food great dining experience !
great food and awesome service !
great food and excellent service .
the chicken and lamb are superb .
the food is amazing .
i also love the owner .
the place smells like delicious meats !
the black bean soup is very tasty also .
the waitstaff is nice too .
great food with friendly quick service .
this is one of the best brazilian restaurants .
fresh food served hot .
clean , neat and relaxing .
definitely get the mix meat .
i highly recommend this place !
excellent service and yummy food !
this was a nice clean restaurant .
the food was very filling and fresh .
for the price the portion sizes are impeccable .
i love this place !
the food is excellent along with the service .
i also tried the lamb which is superb .
very good food , family environment .
everyone is attentive and nice .
the beef was delicious and juicy .
very friendly front desk staff .
this hotel was great for the price !
also recommended eating at the ellis island casino .
nice hotel for the price .
i can say customer service was very good .
definitely will be staying here again .
our favorite part of the meal were the entrees .
both dishes were amazing .
this resturant is las vegas 's best kept secret .
we absolutely loved the the oyster bay !
i'd eat here again .
service was fast and friendly .
service was quite good .
overall a quite pleasant experience .
the service was attentive and timely .
the tuna was superb .
the food at this place is excellent .
they are strong believe me .
their desserts are very good .
still good though , yeah , still good .
good food , good service and good company !
each person was satisfied with their meal .
definitely left feeling good .
i'm a big fan of this place .
this place is awesome .
service by monica was attentive and efficient .
the staff are truly professionals and the mgr .
the calamari was so fresh and tender .
the salmon was also cooked and seasoned very well .
the oyster bay bar special was fantastic .
hard to beat this price on the strip .
great steak and eggs breakfast !
all four members of my party love it !
i highly recommend going here when in las vegas .
and gluten-free chocolate dessert was wonderful !
friendly staff and quick service .
server was chatty and nice .
just don't understand the negative reviews .
what a hidden gem .
the fresh oysters were great .
, i trust you'll enjoy .
but i liked the food and service .
i got shrimp and crab ravioli .
it was very solid and meaty .
the service was excellent .
i will definitely return for a dinner meal .
the oysters were amazing and the drinks were great .
but definitely get the shrimp linguini .
the bar tender frank was amazing .
turned frustration into pure delight .
thanks frank for making out day .
however the poached salmon was very good .
service was very good .
great place to have breakfast !
my husband loved the coconut pancakes .
our server , joseph , was wonderful .
our server was very nice & professional .
i just had a good meal here .
good menu and great staff .
i'll definitely eat here again .
i always make it a point to eat here .
good service from andrew , reasonably priced .
the internet was super easy and excellent strength .
this place a pretty nice .
this place is simply amazing .
the atmosphere is kind of dark , but nice .
melted in our mouths !
the meat is all aged and is delicious .
the best steak on the strip everything considered .
sides included and great service .
give it a try when you are around .
by far the best !
the cuts are huge and they're delicious .
the food was reasonably priced and quite good .
what a really good steakhouse should be like !
the food was exceptional .
i had the bone-in ribeye , which was excellent .
anyways the second steak they brought was cooked perfect .
our date was a success !
the porterhouse is exceptional .
still a great place nevertheless .
i can prove it twice !
very relaxing and comfortable environment .
the best steakhouse in las vegas !
the prime rib is the best hands down .
amazingly great service and food !
( thanks bill and kim ! )
the service was excellent .
steak was perfect , no complaints about the food .
truly an oasis on the strip !
bravo to the steak house and their staff !
the steak was sooo tender and delicious .
yummy in my tummy !
simply the best steak and steakhouse experience .
the service is excellent .
ad the cheesecake is very tasty too !
the meal was flawless from beginning to end .
everything we ate was amazing .
salads , steaks , garlic mash all great .
love it and will return again .
yep , that about sums it up .
what an amazing and extremely pleasant surprise .
the steakhouse is worth a try in my opinion .
loved every bit of this experience .
the salad was soooo fresh !
all class every time .
i asked for it medium rare plus .
it was cooked perfectly .
one of the best steaks i've had in vegas .
this place is always packed .
they are both delicious .
good salads , and soup as well .
this is my husbands and i favorite place !
both are always perfectly cooked !
my favorite steakhouse in vegas .
this steakhouse is simply phenomenal .
steakhouse in circus circus is a hidden gem .
there is no better .
best deal for great quality steak anywhere .
top quality everything at reasonable prices .
best ambiance , great waiters , great bread !
totally worth the price !
they said theirs was fantastically yummy as well .
the bread basket was excellent .
the steak is cooked to perfection and delicious .
the waiters are very friendly and helpful .
everything i've tried here is delicious .
everything else about the dinner was wonderful .
overall a great value .
will be back and will definitely recommend !
absolutely the best steakhouse in vegas !
and probably the best tasting steak i've had .
quite pricey , but worth every penny .
we loved this place .
wonderful , friendly service .
a gem hidden in the city !
walking in here is such a refreshing experience .
the steak tastes amazing .
our martinis were divine !
it is definitely worth the trip !
hidden gem inside of the circus circus .
excellent meal and a fair price .
great food and great environment .
no fusion anything here , and it's done beautifully .
price included huge salad and sides .
well done circus circus .
this restaurant is delicious and has a cool vibe .
the quality is still top notch .
service and atmosphere a+ .
would love to add a extra star !
delicious steaks and salads .
great food , excellent service .
staff were really professional and nice .
if you're a foodie i do recommend coming here .
biggest shrimp cocktail ive ever had .
such a great place , kinda of pricey .
but food and service is worth it .
wait staff was extremely friendly and knowledgable .
soooo tender and juicy .
and they did med rare just right !
a great steakhouse in the middle of circus circus .
a total hidden gem in vegas .
best steakhouse in vegas .
oh boy was it a big surprise !
one of the best restaurants in vegas .
i was so pleasantly surprised by this restaurant .
service was amazing and the steak was fantastic .
we had the most wonderful dinner .
this is a hidden gem in circus circus .
an amazing experience from start to finish .
as good as it gets .
love it love it .
they never disappoint always a perfectly cook steak .
the quality and taste were amazing .
the food and service were great .
we would recommend the steak house !
so why the great review ?
they do one thing extraordinary and focus on that .
great steakhouse , food and service were excellent .
great steakhouse atmosphere as well .
this place is amazing .
absolutely the best restaurant in vegas .
delicious steaks , salads and sides .
friendly kind helpful staff .
the steakhouse here is excellent !
the best steakhouse in las vegas !
plus , the service is impeccable !
the meal was top-notch from beginning to end .
great service , steaks and desserts .
found the old school steakhouse charming .
the french onion soup was a good starter .
best of all , the boss really liked it .
it came out perfect !
atmosphere is great old school .
but the service is even better .
bone in ribeye steak is so good .
will be back for more great food .
i will definitely recommend it to my hotel guests !
must check it out !
a true hidden gem in las vegas .
my steak was cooked perfectly .
good steaks here people .
it was perfect for my taste .
the best pure steakhouse in vegas .
the quality of the steak or seafood are high .
i would highly recommend !
but as they mentioned it was well worth it .
anyway the service was impeccable , flawless .
decent price for a good steak house in vegas .
great service in the restaurant .
house salad that came with the dinner was great .
dinner here after my sisters wedding .
the salad with blue cheese is a must .
steak was absolutely perfect - portions are large !
recommend by our driver and did not disappoint !
the staff is so attentive and food was delicious !
it is worth every penny !
awesome tender prime rib .
roberto was very friendly and quick service .
love the old steak house look and feel .
will definitely come back again !
food was delicious and the atmosphere is good .
great place to eat .
super service all the way .
this is definitely a hidden gem .
the service is excellent .
great way to have a nice dinner in vegas .
lots of chocolate and fresh cream .
this and sw are my favorite steak houses !
it's worth the walk through circus circus .
bread basket is nice too !
fantastic food and a good wine menu .
the service and room were both wonderful .
were the best i've ever had .
definitely make a reservation .
this place is for real people .
he did an excellent job !
it had such a good flavor .
again the timing of the meal was perfect .
sexy old school steakhouse .
loved walking in past the dry age meat room .
ordered one medium rare ribeye and one lobster tail .
overall very nice dinner out .
very old school steak joint !
staff works extra hard !
i love that place .
a hidden gem inside of circus circus .
the staff was super friendly and attentive .
she received a free dessert as well !
a great secret and casual attire is fine .
my favorite is the prime rib .
we were seated right away by happy friendly staff .
the food was great .
it is a nice atmosphere to sit and relax .
everything was exceptionally great .
mike took great care of us .
this steakhouse is awesome .
it has the old school warm steakhouse feel .
great establishment all around !
the new york was perfect !
service was great , as usual .
another good dining experience .
the best steak i ever had !
the food is absolutely incredible .
definitely worth the money .
david is our waiter and his service is amazing .
the manager is also great .
so happy our hotel recommended this place .
i love the ambiance here .
i will definitely be coming back .
excellent steak and still a favorite of my parents .
most amazing steakhouse in las vegas .
service was top notch .
the steaks were cooked perfectly !
the steaks where perfect !
he had everything under control it was delicious .
it's the best kept secret in vegas .
everyone did a great job !
this place is wonderfully old school and awesome .
was a great combination of professional and pleasurable .
service beyond my expectations .
cheesecake was rich and delicious .
hidden gem in vegas .
i recommend to all .
the steak is great , very juicy .
i got a lot of refills and attention .
i definitely will come back .
great old school flavor .
we had a nice time here .
my visit was a wonderful treat to myself .
and yes the food was incredible .
i recommend this place .
classic steakhouse with extras .
just a great place .
got it as ordered .
the steak house is a hidden gem !
still , one of the best .
a good place to take out-of-town visitors .
what a wonderful experience !
david took excellent care of us .
this place is a hidden gem .
the service is impeccable .
the food is divine and all reasonably priced !
our salad came instantly after we ordered !
had the filet n porterhouse , amazing !
i would recommend to any meat lover anywhere !
the service was great and the food was amazing .
simple menu , classic setting and excellent service .
delicious large soft pretzels here .
it was fresh and delicious .
i love this pretzel place !
i also love their lemonade .
it is seriously delicious .
this subway was consistent with most others .
but , recommend overall .
always a pleasure to deal with .
this place is huge and they even got rentals .
this place is the best .
now that is service .
this place is very fast and convenient for me .
great food , great service , and big drinks .
this is a classy establishment indeed !
i highly recommend this place for las vegas steaks .
the sides of broccoli and mushrooms were wonderful .
it's real close to the strip in vegas .
i highly highly recommend this steak house .
the sides are phenomenal as well .
and the food , oh the food is incredible !
this is a great restaurant , with awesome service .
love the steak over here .
i had a great time .
del frisco 's is absolutely a must visit .
this place was great !
we brought leftovers back to our timeshare !
however , it's completely worth it !
the service and filet were perfect .
great wine selection as well .
service is always great - great experience overall .
this had the best rib-eye !
its expensive as hell but its so good .
the bread and butter were very tasty .
all the other side dishes were good !
this is a great choice .
so far , my favorite place in las vegas .
my favorite rib-eye in vegas besides my own .
now , i love a good steak .
the seafood was phenomenal .
both appetizers were delicious .
best steak dinner i've ever had in my life .
the best steakhouse ever .
also , the best server and very helpful .
lastly , a wonderful delicious cake for my birthday .
everything was the best ever and delicious .
they also cook it the way you want it .
best steak i've ever had .
one of the best steaks i have ever had .
great decor and well dressed friendly staff .
the potatoes were good .
omg , so good .
definitely a favorite and i will return .
they also have a nice cigar selection .
he will treat you well !
best steaks in vegas !
staff is very friendly .
fresh sesame seed bread .
it's expensive here but worth every penny .
the ambiance is fun , not quiet and stiff .
the wait staff was extremely friendly and attentive .
all in all , highly recommended .
great place for a great porterhouse .
lobster mac-n-cheese is a must as your side dish .
fabulous place to take clients for lunch/dinner .
the best steakhouse in vegas !
great food , atmosphere , cocktails , etc .
the mushrooms are the best ever !
top your evening with an espresso martini - delicious !
this place is soooooo good !
the steak and shrimp were great !
food and service is overall good .
i love this place !
the food and service is excellent .
they really treat their customers with respect .
will be back again and again.
i love this place !
the service was amazing !
they really wait on your hands and feet !
the portions are huge and tasty !
would highly recommend it .
amazing meals served with wonderful sides .
pricey but worth it .
my absolute favorite steak anywhere !
nice atmosphere in a very old school steakhouse environment .
the food was great and the atmosphere was perfect .
this place consistently delivers .
great service and good food .
best creamed spinach you will eat .
this was a great spot .
the steak was the best i have ever had !
also our server joey was excellent .
it was absolutely insane !
simply the best steak in vegas .
the best steak dinner i have ever eaten .
are server ( chris i think ) was amazing .
this place is top notch .
service was also exceptional .
the best steakhouse i've ever been to !
it's expensive but worth every bit !
house drink is tasty , crab cakes delicious .
the steak was tasty .
favorite place to eat of all time .
this place also offers 5-star service .
our server was spot on .
absolutely my favorite steakhouse !
great meat and great sides .
service was excellent and fast .
the crab cake was tasty with a small portion .
atmosphere : highly memorable .
my filet mignon was perfect .
this place is amazing .
nice touch and great service !
service is beyond amazing .
this place is a classic .
i split the bone-in rib eye which was great !
nice wine selection without breaking the bank .
actually , very likely the best crab cake around .
the best crab cakes i ever had , ever !
the wait staff was impeccable .
seafood apps were the best as well !
or , at least among the very best .
starving musician on the piano also very nice .
this is my favorite restaurant experience ever .
my hubby had steak medium and was just perfect .
the food was hot and the presentation was excellent .
amazing , perfectly cooked filet .
sides were pretty good .
great food & friendly service .
i heart steaks and i heart del frisco 's .
awesome atmosphere , awesome service and awesome steak .
the food was great .
i had the filet and it was perfect .
the lobster mac and cheese was also very good .
steaks , fish , appetizers were all expertly prepared .
service here is very fast & attentive .
will definitely go again next time we're in town .
perfect food , unbelievable service .
outstanding service and food .
the crab cake is a must !
amazing deal and so worth it !
my group was treated wonderfully .
their bread is great !
recommend it to everyone !
my new favorite steak house !
always a great place to get a perfect steak .
the food was phenomenal !
all of the food was amazing and top quality .
the filets were cooked and seasoned to perfection !
best steakhouse deal in vegas .
unbelievable service and food !
the restaurant ambiance is very romantic .
amazing , perfectly seasoned and melted in your mouth .
the service was phenomenal !
best steak in las vegas , hands down .
good drinks and nice atmosphere .
best steak in the united states !
perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection .
it really just melted away in your mouth .
the crab cake was also really good .
came in for happy hour on monday .
service gets high marks , too .
easily one of my favorite go to places .
this is the best steakhouse in town without doubt .
all cooked to perfection .
excellent food and service .
an overall wonderful experience .
the steaks are a must .
food and service was very good .
excellent place to take that someone special !
best steakhouse in vegas .
it was the best thing we ate all week .
incredible service , incredible food , great atmosphere .
great service , great food .
the lamb was soooooooo good .
phenomenal food and service .
filet mignon trio was perfectly cooked and tender .
they definitely are trying to do the right thing !
a bit off the strip but definitely worth it .
pricy but worth every penny .
it was both prepared with perfection .
the best steak in las vegas .
one of the best steaks i have ever had !
cozy and friendly atmosphere .
definitely will go back again .
the steaks were all cooked absolutely perfectly .
perfect for a special occasion .
excellent service , the steaks were delicious .
the staff are really on top of their game .
overall a great experience .
another great del frisco 's !
food is excellent and so is the service .
the best steakhouse period !
my personal favorite : bone in filet !
incredible is about all i can say .
had an amazing dinner last night celebrating my birthday .
food was amazing and their service exceeding my expectations !
dinner is served slowly so it can be enjoyed .
a bit spendy but totally worth it !
had a very enjoyable dinner and great service too !
bond table was a great addition .
my favorite steakhouse ever !
best filet , mashed potatoes and salads ever !
just excellent menu , food , and service .
what made the evening so fantastic was the service .
one best steaks i have had !
service was excellent as well .
love the whole experience .
the quality of the food is fantastic .
it is very good but not great .
my food was great , service was great .
great service and great food .
the sides were good .
had a great dinner there .
loved my ny steak .
friend liked his bone in filet .
loved the sweet potato side dish .
del frisco 's is wonderful .
and they have a great selection of yummy desserts .
one of the best meals we ever had .
rochelle was our waitress and she was great .
not cheap though so bring a full wallet .
they get everything right every time .
this place was amazing .
will return soon with a smile on my face .
everyone was very friendly and attentive .
which is very popular there .
the meat had wonderful flavor and was seasoned perfectly .
excellent value for the money .
the pineapple vodka drink was also great !
the service was top notch .
this is a fantastic place to go .
awesome service and food .
well worth the price .
steak was delicious , the atmosphere was great .
the service , decor , and ambiance was spectacular .
the raw oysters were amazing as was the asparagus .
excellent bar with a grand range of martinis .
the table service is terrific .
i'd recommend this place to anyone .
all around great experience .
lovely voice and able hands .
great service , soft lighting - not dark .
very expensive but worth every single penny .
good wine list , tasty cocktails .
we love all of their sides & bread .
wonderful service and an amazing experience !
service was seamless and top notch .
the personal attention they give is remarkable !
the service is outstanding every time .
crab legs were juicy and sweet .
i had the best steak ever !
the filet is perfect .
thank you for the wonderful experience !
possibly my favorite steak house in the us .
service was incredibly good !
the steak here is always excellent .
friendly staff and great wine selection .
nice place with great food !
: ) great service too !
awsome and delicious steak house off the strip .
the steak was juicy and perfect .
definitely will be back !
i will definitely be back here in the future .
the filet mignon was incredible .
perfectly prepared , perfectly served .
overall , great service and great food .
definitely must do again !
great food , great service .
rib-eye medium rare done perfectly .
as good as you could ever expect !
great solid drinks from the bar as well .
it is fancy restaurant !
i had the filet and it was prepared great .
just the way i like it .
our waitresses were really nice too .
wonderful place , delicious steaks !
del frisco 's is one of the rare exceptions .
recommend the ribeye steak bone-in .
the filet came perfectly seasoned and tender .
del frisco 's is outstanding .
the filet was excellent and the sides were awesome .
highly recommended for the steaks !
the steak was amazing .
the vip drink is also amazing .
best steak in town .
the food obviously was fantastic .
crab cakes were amazing .
and yeah , see that james bond table .
the decor is amazing and service was top notch .
first impression was very good .
the food was good the steak was very tender .
everyone was making sure our food was perfect .
excellent steak and potatoes .
expensive but well worth it .
best steak i've had , hands down .
just the right amount seasoning .
perfectly cooked and seasoned .
the bleu cheese wedge salad was delicious .
awesome steak house with awesome service !
live entertainment is always a bonus .
one of the best steak houses in las vegas !
it is up there with sw .
excellent service by all staff .
especially loved the vip cocktail !
will be back again !
both steaks were amazing !
service is great as well .
wow , great steak .
i love del frisco 's .
this is my favorite steak place in vegas .
the bread is amazing .
this place was really good .
i had the filet mignon and i loved it .
the service was even better !
tatiana our server was just top notch !
great old fashioned steak house .
omg this place was amazing !
the staff was amazing as well .
awesome steaks rib eye is my favorite .
great sides and awesome service .
i love this place .
the service is superb !
the filet is one of the best in town !
the atmosphere is awesome .
this is the best steak house in las vegas .
the staff and service are fantastic .
liz is the best .
the vip martini 's are great .
everything about it was fantastic !
the beef tasted pretty good .
love love this place !
filet bone in was crazy good .
this was a fabulous experience .
the service was spectacular and the food was delicious .
excellent in every form .
everything is cooked and prepared to perfection .
this place is great .
had the filet mignon and it was delicious .
the steak is pretty good .
i am definitely a fan of this place now .
really great steak house !
i enjoyed the prime ribeye .
it was cooked perfectly for medium rare .
the service was pretty good !
fabulous meal on new year 's eve !
first rate service in lovely atmosphere .
drinks before dinner with live music in the bar !
even the bread before our meal was amazing !
probably the best steak i've ever had .
pricey , but delicious and a very nice treat .
the best happy hour in las vegas .
the chicken & sausage gumbo is done perfectly .
live music , attentive staff .
fantastic steaks , sides and service .
the steak was good , but not spectacular .
i had the ribeye and it was phenomenal .
juicy , delicious , and cooked to perfection .
the caesar salad was quite tasty , too .
as always the service was exceptional !
delicious steaks and sides .
very good steaks and sides .
definitely will be back !
thank you to everyone back home !
delicious is the perfect word to describe it .
the food is excellent .
overall a positive experience for me .
great steaks and calamari was extremely spicy !
sunday fix price menu a great deal .
the service was excellent and the food was good .
great service in a relaxed , elegant atmosphere .
unique cocktails , innovative appetizers and spot on steaks .
i highly recommend it .
awesome bone in steaks .
great service as well .
the dessert was great !
great experience , service was fantastic .
this is by far my favorite restaurant .
the vip drink is amazing !
the staff are the best ever .
very friendly and very attentive .
all of those items were delicious !
thanks for the great service .
it was definitely world class .
the vip martini is my absolute favorite .
great off the strip steakhouse .
very personal and welcoming .
excellent steakhouse off-strip in vegas .
my favorite steakhouse in vegas !
we came here while in town celebrating our anniversary .
other than that , everything else as good .
i love this place .
steaks are always juicy and flavorful .
the sides are simply amazing .
this is my all time favorite steak house !
definitely recommend this place for any occasion !
the bone in fillet was tender and flavorful .
food was good steak cooked perfectly side dishes excellent .
the steaks are expertly prepared and really flavorful .
dress attire is anywhere from casual to upscale .
everything is really tasty and cooked with live .
a bit pricey but worth every penny .
don't worry about the price , it's worth it .
the service was one of the best i've had .
james bond table : out of this world !
great food , good ambiance and killer cocktails !
tatiana is the most friendly and amazing sever !
i absolutely love this place !
one of the best steaks ever .
i would highly recommend this place !
great experience at this restaurant .
del frisco 's is amazing !
the food was great as usual .
the ship scampi was great .
always greeted with a smile and great service .
the steak was nice and tender .
the cake was better the next day .
service was on point and food was delicious !
really enjoyed our valentine 's day date here !
the potatoes were good , traditional mash fare .
top notch service and the food is awesome !
best birthday dinner and cake ever .
will def come back .
the service is friendly , accommodating and fast .
appetizer , salad and entree .
filet mignon was the best i've ever had !
still the same quality and tasty steak .
now this is a real steak house .
best steaks in vegas !
this is by far my favorite steakhouse .
great service and great people .
my friends loved the food .
my favorite is the bone in rib eye .
thanks for another fantastic dinner .
thank you del frisco 's .
great meal - great service .
i love this place .
the atmosphere is very high class .
amazing truffle butter ribeye .
steak was flavorful and tender .
we left the resturant very happy customers .
we will definitely be back again .
the best part was the lobster mac .
easily one of the best things i've ever eaten !
definitely the best choice .
service was fantastic - nick was our server !
we will definitely come again .
peking duck was surprisingly close to authentic .
beyond humorous people watching .
decent , italian fare .
hubby and i liked this place .
tasty lamb sandwich for lunch .
simple lunch , simple food , nothing memorable .
they charge to share plates .
nice , so dress nice .
that meal was amazing !
excellent service , and definitely an enjoyable dinner !
i was soooo happy i ate here .
i had fantastic service and has a great food !
worth trying if you're in the area .
highly recommended as one of my favorites in vegas !
p.s the wine was very good value too !
the best burger ever !
the " outdoor " experience was nice too .
but the rack of lamb was perfect .
really solid food with a charming atmosphere .
overall i thought everything was finely executed .
the fresh mozzarella was divine .
thanks guys for making a memorable experience .
reasonable price , great food .
love , love this place !
our friends have great taste - everything was delicious !
what a great evening .
sit " outside " for best diner effect .
first wolfgang puck experience and it was superb !
the food was amazing !
this was a great dinner all around !
one of our new favorites !
the salmon was cooked perfectly .
fresh ingredients used throughout .
great atmosphere , service , and food !
i got the steak with lobster mashed potatoes .
there were actually huge chunks of lobster in it .
the service was really good .
good food , good company , good times .
so i didn't really eat a full meal here .
service , food , ambiance .
everything will taste wonderful !
bloody mary 's - great .
nothing ground shaking , but indeed a solid course .
every dish my family ordered was indeed great .
well wolfgang , you did well my friend .
wow chef mark rocks .
we love it here .
always great service too !
very nice place with great service !
service was top notch .
food was simple yet elegant and drinks were amazing .
waiter was very nice and friendly .
we shared the best pizza i've ever eaten .
wow , it was so good !
go there and enjoy .
server really knew his wines .
great food , great service .
i had a good lunch .
enjoyed my meal very much !
made the night fun !
everyone else seemed pleased with their food .
wolfgang puck knows hot to please me !
i will definitely go back to this place .
it's inside the venetian .
i had a seat with great people watching .
the service was great and the food was great .
my husband had pizza of course and loved it .
we really enjoyed our dinner .
loved the lobster sandwich !
atmosphere in the restaurant is relaxed .
i would definitely recommend this place though .
this really is a fun place to eat .
we will definitely be back .
staff is so friendly , too .
the service was excellent , as was the food .
highly recommend the sausage pizza .
sausage pizza is good .
chose it based on a suggestion .
amazing cheese selection , phenomenal beers , great service !
this place is very spacious and nice looking place .
location is good and is attractive set up .
which was so super delicious !
it is a must get .
service and food are always good .
service was excellent too !
attentive service and top notch food .
sea bass well prepared .
nightly shows throughout dinner are a big bonus .
i love eating and people watching .
fun , good place for eats .
the food was delicious and the perfect amount .
this is a terrific place to eat .
excellent service and fantastic good .
the roast beef panini was great .
i absolutely love the pizza here .
the pasta was delicious .
a splurge , but worth it !
i'll remember this spot for next time !
i ordered the hamburger and wow !
the service was good .
the vibe is fun fun .
i highly reccomend this drink to anyone and everyone !
the server was really nice .
our favorite restaurant in las vegas .
puck again hits a home run !
trevor was attentive and took great care of us .
will definitely go back .
both times had great service at the bar !
i will treat at this restaurant again !
amazing birthday dinner for my best friend .
wine , atmosphere , food = amazing .
the waiters were good and decently attentive .
service was above and beyond !
super attentive and nice !
good food and great ambience .
the tuna tartare was absolutely amazing .
fantastic way to spend a dinner in vegas .
excellent food , especially the caramelized onion pizza .
the sweet potato fries are delicious too .
it was just as good as last time .
the caesar salad is my absolute favorite .
our dinners were superb .
the prices are very reasonable for vegas .
all in all a wonderful experience .
daniel , our server , was excellent !
great find in vegas !
this was definitely my favorite of the two .
friendly staff are pleasant , welcoming and professional .
the miniature salmon sliders were very well flavored .
best value in the venetian !
they also have really good oysters .
first time trying this and the best so far .
pretty good canadian bacon and soft and warm biscuits .
the tuna tartare was phenomenal !
my visit to this store was indeed memorable .
they greet you with excitement and enthusiasm .
on top of this , they make excellent suggestions .
which is a good thing .
great fresh cheap donuts !
and the selection was enormous .
all met my expectations .
the quality and selection are always very consistent .
super friendly and respectful .
much better than dunkin donuts !
big donuts and always fresh as well .
highly recommend this place .
i will be back !
this place has great donuts .
this is the best in town .
made fresh everyday by the same person .
like i said best donuts in town hands down .
i just love this place !
i'm definitely a fan !
one of my favorite donut places in las vegas !
thanks so much master donuts for being the best !
they are super kind people who own the place .
hands down my new favorite .
absolutely best donut shop in las vegas .
this place is awesome !
awesome doughnuts of all kinds .
best doughnuts in vegas !
this was the best .
moist , fresh , reasonably priced .
the owners are really nice .
cashier is super nice and gives great customer service !
prices are super cheap and coffee is great !
a new favorite place for sure !
great small shop locally owned and operated .
donuts are varied and delicious .
great location and easy access .
it's next to jersey mikes sandwich shop !
this bank is great .
good facilities and great memories of this place .
there is no bad seat and it's quite comfortable .
the alexis park is a nice property .
well the parking lot is a little small .
so if you have a big vehicle valet it .
the property is clean , so is the lobby .
best service in vegas !
love this place and would definately go back !
it was such a nice place to stay at .
really liked staying at this hotel .
i will definitely be going back .
i loved this place !
both times my rooms were very clean .
to me it's a hidden gem !
they let us check-in at 11am which was fabulous !
great place to stay .
the staff was friendly and efficient .
we loved our stay !
i'll definitely be staying here again !
i was pleasantly surprised by this hotel .
i was very comfortable in our room .
very clean and well up kept hotel .
very friendly staff and prompt with needs .
overall it was a decent place in the budget .
this place is a perfect example of that .
we will stay here again !
the gym was also clean and well maintained .
we will definitely stay here again .
its worth the deal i got on groupon .
rooms are decent with all you need .
the incredibly hospitable staff .
i found all reception people nice .
for the price this was a great stay .
the rooms were very large & clean .
there 's pools and a gym here as well .
we absolutely loved this hotel !
they are beautiful to look at .
rooms were nice and clean .
staff was very friendly .
the manager lisa , displayed excellent customer service .
they were very helpful and attentive .
the resort was very clean and big as well .
i will come back !
but i feel this place needs a good one .
some of the best indian food in las vegas !
their lunch buffet is damn good too !
the tandoori & tikka masala rock !
each entre was both flavorful and spicy .
this place is consistently good .
great service , great food , great price .
their food is pretty good .
well worth the cab fare from the bellagio .
service was swift and friendly .
best chicken tikka masala i've encountered .
still my favorite menu item .
highly , highly recommend .
best indian food in vegas so far .
great price and selection .
the tikka masala was great !
naan was solid and so was the basmati rice .
and the service was super friendly and attentive !
water was filled constantly which was good .
still worth checking out .
really good lunch buffet !
the ambiance here is very nice .
the people working here are also very nice .
great service , and delicious food !
the price is decent and the food is awesome .
now this place has an awesome buffet .
very satisfied , highly recommend .
the food is fresh and very tasty .
their food is delicious !
what an awesome place .
thanks gary for being amazing and awesome as always .
the food is awesome and the service is good .
the buffet was overall decent .
it was creamy and flavorful with crunchy veggies .
was a good decision .
this is my favorite indian restaurant in las vegas .
the new decor is a plus , too .
great food and great service .
lassi was a lil on the sweet side .
excellent indian food in vegas .
the saag paneer is fantastic !
they remember us each time we visit .
enjoyed service and most of the items on buffet .
we all enjoyed the food at india palace .
it was the best indian food we ever had .
the service was also great .
the food is fantastic .
kids especially " liked the tandoori chicken .
lunch buffet is delicious !
delicious food and great company !
i am very happy i did .
the restaurant is clean .
the food was delicious .
very friendly hosts and nice ambiance .
price was just right too .
india palace is my favorite indian restaurant in vegas .
the cheese naan and garlic naan are also excellent .
it was all sooooo good !
india palace hit the spot right on the head .
in the end , it was all fine .
i love to eat , so i know .
loved it , am going back !
the place is really cool .
the food is really good .
everything was fresh and delicious .
we always come in here for their buffet .
good food and costumer service .
awesome indian food and service .
it was a great time being at india palace .
i love the food and service both .
amazing food , fantastic atmosphere !
good for take out .
great food , great service and excellent location .
we ordered the dinner special .
it is a great deal .
they have good beer selection too .
we got a mango lassi on the house !
the atmosphere and service is great .
manny was just great with awesome service !
good value for your money .
this is my favorite indian restaurant in las vegas .
the people here are all really nice and helpful .
the food is delicious and very consistently so .
i really enjoyed this place .
best indian food out there .
the food was great and the service wasn't bad .
not the greatest part of town but oh well .
this place has great food !
the seating is nice .
overall the service was good .
best indian food i have ever had in america .
this is our favorite indian restaurant .
went here with my boyfriend today and loved it !
the food was delicious , especially the chicken marsala .
overall a great experience .
i bought a groupon for it !
everything was excellent as usual .
our server garry was very nice and helpful .
vick makes excellent suggestions for food choices .
we also had the garlic naan - superb appetizer .
this was a wonderful dinner for us .
our server vick was awesome !
would definitely recommend to tourists and locals alike .
india palace is a very good indian restaurant .
you are the best .
he has been superb and accommodating .
love their chai too .
great experience as always .
our server garry was great too !
would love to go again !
awesome food amazing service .
a favorite when in vegas .
one of the best indian restaurants i've been to .
great service and nice and clean !
goat curry is delicious !
rice pudding is perfect dessert with an indian coffee !
very good , spiced just right !
india palace is an amazing restaurant !
the food was beyond exceptional .
the service was just as great .
he was also incredibly funny and sweet .
i highly recommend this restaurant !
the sauce was smooth and perfectly spiced .
great food - chicken tikka was delicious .
great food and service .
meh , i thought .
i ate the whole bowl it was so good .
i will definitely be returning .
just ate at the india palace and wow !
the food was overall very good .
vick was wonderful and helpful as well .
every dish was so absolutely delicious and seasoned perfectly .
this is a hidden gem !
it's possibly the best indian food i've ever had .
our waiter vick was super knowledgeable and entertaining .
also , the server , mani , was fantastic !
i will definitely be back !
fabulous food and courteous waitstaff .
we'll definitely be back .
i love it here .
everything we ordered was great !
start to finish everything was delicious .
surprisingly nice all round .
vick is the best waiter .
best indian food in vegas !
great food and great service .
i highly recommend this place !
all the servers are nice not great but nice .
definitely give it a try .
their buffet was superb as always .
thanks again for the being the best , garry !
personable and lovely staff .
best indian food in las vegas in my opinion .
excellent indian food at a great price !
i love this place .
the food is so fresh and cooked to perfection .
also , the coffee was fantastic .
he took great care of us .
the food was terrific .
the food was excellent !
man , i think we just beat the rush !
clearly a popular choice .
best indian restaurant hands down !
great selection of indian beers .
the food was very authentic , service was great .
we will definitely return .
best indian food i've ever had !
our waiter vick was amazing !
he took excellent care of us .
great service and delicious food !
everytime i've come here i've had excellent service .
hands down this food is amazing .
i love atmosphere here as well , very refreshing .
worth the drive from summerlin each time !
i recommend this place to everyone i know !
it was sooooo good !
i will definitely be going back .
best indian food , very tasty .
we tried many dishes and each was wonderful .
excellent service by manny .
he was very social and attentive .
we highly recommend this place.
i'll definitely be back soon and often .
everything was sooo good .
we ordered numerous dishes and ate family style .
once again , the food was amazing !
food and service were both great .
this is certainly one of the best experiences .
manny our server was fantastic !
this place is amazing !
best indian place in vegas !
even better the second time around !
great service and great food .
go check it out !
great service by vick , food is always fantastic .
this place is delicious .
always a favorite when it comes to lunch buffet !
thanks for keeping up your standards .
please send this suggestion to the management .
this place is solid .
great ( tender ) lamb !
manny was a great server !
one of my favorite indian joints in las vegas .
definitely recommend coming here .
food and service were both excellent .
overall , highly recommended .
one of the good indian restaurant in las vegas .
dinner specials are the best bang for your buck !
service is quick and food is delicious .
full flavor without over seasoning .
they have a good groupon deal .
great value restaurant and a great vibe .
i will be back !
very good spicy indian food .
very unique but well done .
the buffet also looked very good .
great food and great hospitality !
will definitely go back .
love , love , love this place .
best indian in town .
the service is friendly .
vick takes good care of us .
i love india palace .
the chicken saag is outstanding .
service could be better and reception could be better .
food is hot and delicious .
by far the best indian food in vegas .
great buffet and ala carte .
the food is spectacular !
this place is fantastic .
they are very accommodating and friendly .
definitely q new fan favorite when i visit vegas .
will definitely be back .
india palace has authentic delicious cuisine !
good food at reasonable prices .
the staff and the service was friendly as well .
best indian restaurant in las vegas .
great curries and chicken tikka is a must .
it's killer but very filling .
it is always a highlight of our trip !
india place has great food , good friendly hospitality .
the pricing is also great .
this place is incredible .
friendly & fast service .
great food , great price and great service .
i would definitely recommend this place !
we liked everything we ordered !
very friendly staff and attentive service .
the food is good but not excellent .
will definitely be back and do the buffet sometime .
i also had garlic naan which is seasoned perfectly .
i really liked the soup .
the service was exceptional .
hard to find such authentic indian food in usa !
will definitely come again !
rich flavors and great service .
what an awesome buffet !
the food was great !
service was friendly and helpful in selecting dishes .
prices are very well priced .
the food was amazing !
the service is always good .
the garlic naan and chile naan are so delicious .
gary is our favorite waiter !
he will take very good care of you !
taste and ambiance of the place was nice .
excellent food at a very reasonable price .
i like their buffet as well .
i definitely recommend this place !
totally recommend checking this place out !
the food is always excellent .
india palace is clean and comfortable .
manny led us thru our meal .
probably one of my favorite places for lunch .
they have a great lunch buffet .
good service and nice quite atmosphere .
i will definitely come back for more .
great service , clean , and awesome dishes !
the service is always fast .
they put much effort into a nice decor .
customer service : very friendly staff !
and , service is pretty fast !
overall : my favorite indian food restaurant !
mint sauce is soooo good .
the service is good .
the customer service is great .
they also respond really fast which is nice .
authentic , delicious , affordable indian cuisine .
it is authentic and the service was on point !
all of which was very good .
the garlic naan bread was really good .
we tried a lot and everything was good .
now the service was amazing !
our waiter was attentive and nice !
the decor is great because it doesn't look cheap !
the inside of the restaurant is nice .
will definitely go again .
she was so happy with the selection !
the best indian restaurant in the area .
food was amazing as usual .
service was amazing as well by the great gary .
always checking to see how our food was going .
first time enjoying indian food in this new year .
food was delicious like always .
amazing food and awesome vibes .
keep up the great work gary .
hands down the best customer service .
food was amazing and the staff were super friendly .
highly recommending this restaurant .
this place is awesome !
these guys are great !
really fun really tasty and affordable !
best indian food in vegas .
i highly recommend this restaurant !
lunch buffet was excellent .
good variety both meat and vegetarian .
brought choice of warm bread to table as well .
super nice , friendly and helpful .
the food was very , very good .
this is a very good indian restaurant .
everything we ordered was very good .
we will definitely come back .
food is fresh and tastes great !
the prices are fair for a buffet !
excellent indian meal and good service .
the food hit the spot .
great buffet selection here .
excellent service and amazing food .
the waiter was really nice .
but the food is delicious !
spice level was very adequate .
- great service , packed our food really well .
we really glad that we came here .
the ambience was warm and neat .
the staffs were really friendly and very welcoming .
we had a great time here .
great looking women , friendly and good music .
oh well , i still had a great time .
yes , it is pricey .
that 's always a win win .
doesn't matter - this place is great !
big = more choices / variety of girls !
i just have good luck in this club .
i'd rather play it on a table !
plenty of fun for the guys .
this show is amazing !
very surprised at how clean this place was .
interesting to know its a lady and gentlemen club .
men 's show was interesting .
dollars worth of dances .
best thursday night football party in vegas !
the girls are hot though .
this one is the best !
world 's largest gentleman 's club !
gorgeous women everywhere had good time .
limo service and vip .
the girls are out of the world beautiful .
bottle service is the bet way to go !
i had a great time .
it was an interesting night .
had an amazing birthday night for my friends birthday .
we will definitely be back !
the best of the best !
great after hours spot !
love coming here after a club night .
it's a hidden gem .
best gentleman 's club i've been too .
the girls were beautiful and the place is huge .
can't recommend a better place to party .
best gentleman 's club in town .
it has more of a nightclub feel .
it was our favorite experience in vegas last week .
it was a nice surprise .
the reviews here are pretty old .
i visited friends here .
apartments are modern and fully furnished .
the apartment is very nice and modern , clean .
otherwise , good for the price .
i love this place .
the front office folks were great to boot .
you will love it !
juan was a delight to work with .
customer service is great !
i will be coming back for sure !
the prices are great and the people are friendly .
best bargains in town .
stellar work and pleasant interaction .
the food 's still delicious .
i love this place for some great chinese food .
stay away from the regular stuff .
great restaurant and food with a bar next door .
my girlfriend and i really enjoy this place .
talk about perfect timing .
the food here is delish !
diner style , great menu , lots of variety .
the fantastic flavors were truly unexpected .
i would definitely eat here again .
the best chinese restaurant in lv .
the lady waitress is the best .
i love anything in their black bean sauce .
my favorite thing is their beef chow fun .
great chinese food and good value for lunch specials .
the best chinese restaurant i found in vegas !
the best chinese food in vegas !
their lunch specials are very good .
make sure you look up at the ceiling .
great hole in the wall place !
found this place while living in henderson .
friendly staff , quick service .
always delicious to eat here .
it is authentic with good portions .
best chinese food on town .
always fresh and comes out together !
i would recommend them to anyone !
he was very professional and so is sahara air .
will continue to recommend to family and friends .
thanks for a great job !
good prices and clean rooms .
easy access to the strip .
dog friendly as always .
my room was all modern architecture and really cool .
modern room with comfortable beds .
great room for the price .
the pool was great , and clean .
hooters hotel and casino was right next door .
we have been so happy with this location !
we found them really helpful , and accommodating !
the onsite mini mart is really nice to have .
such a great deal .
she was pleasant and the transaction was swift .
next to hooters and located behind the mgm .
beds are nice and room are spacious .
they also take pets .
excellent place for those on a budget .
the hotel is affordable and right on the strip .
i will definitely return here for labor day weekend !
we stayed for one saturday night and no issues .
i really like this place .
i found this gem four years ago .
i love this hotel .
our first stay here for christmas with the family .
miracle mile entrance across the street .
will stay here again !
the customer service is outstanding !
lobby is beautifully decorated .
the rooms are a nice .
loved the snack shop in the lobby .
nice big suite with pull out sofa .
very pleased with our stay .
staff was professional , courteous and accommodating .
the lobby and updated suites are nice .
we had an amazing wedding at the tropicana !
we had some friends and family attend .
overall very happy with the wedding .
great place to say i do !
they made wedding planning very easy and beautiful .
i recommend everyone to get married at the tropicana .
they made our wedding exactly what we wanted .
thanks for reading and enjoy .
cheap food and delicious food !
and for its location a gold mine of savings .
not bad for being on the strip !
chipotle saved the day .
high quality and great taste .
i love mexican food for sure .
& with jalapeno sauce it is even better .
food was def worth it .
but the overall taste was great !
my favorite fast food !
amazingly fast , delicious food .
the food was great .
the fajita veggies were tender and juicy .
the barbacoa was full of flavor .
fresh and fast mexican food .
service is always good .
fast , easy , good food .
i really like this chipotle .
recommend this place though .
i love the food .
all ingredients were fresh .
there are also great restaurants within walking distance .
absolutely thrilled with our stay here !
got a great deal online .
very high value for the price .
rooms are a wonderful value .
the staff is so helpful and courteous .
their towels smelled fresh and looked very clean .
the linens were perfect .
i had the fish tacos , they were delicious .
i ordered the nachos and they were delicious !
this place has good food .
pleasantly surprised by quite a delicious mexican meal .
overall pretty good taste .
we loved our food .
very fresh like they said .
great place to eat at circus circus !
love to come again .
i have always visited after work during happy hour .
i met with some clients here for lunch .
but the quality of the food is superb .
their happy hour menu is good as well .
we also shared a crme brulee .
the almond crusted trout is amazing !
the fresh list is awesome .
great happy hour food deals , very good food .
i had the trout and it was tasty .
good service , good wine list .
we also shared a very good caesar salad .
great classy upscale steak and seafood spot .
fresh food , great service .
very good happy hour !
will definitely do it again !
great service , great food .
it came with mashed sweet potatoes .
it was an incredible meal .
this is a classy joint .
this restaurant is definitely one i'll go to again .
much better pricing and value that casino restaurants .
worth the trip off the strip .
quiet ; excellent service and reliably very good food .
reliably good with great service .
perfect for business lunches .
fantastic service and food .
their lobster mashed potatoes were also fantastic .
service is always great .
vanilla crme brulee was excellent as well .
my review us strictly from their happy hour .
every visit is an awesome time .
above and beyond each and every time !
fortune when we are able to find seats !
my experience at this seafood restaurant was great .
the salmon was delightful .
will definitely come back !
had lunch there and was extraordinarily delighted .
the menu was great with many choices .
and the food was fresh and delightful !
enjoyed every minute of being there .
good selection of menu choices .
as always , great service .
great service and great food !
overall another very good experience .
we will definitely be back .
nicole and the other woman were fantastic !
got us anything we wanted and needed !
well worth the low cost !
sean was our server and he was so nice .
the food is excellent .
both were very good .
kids menu is nice too .
best happy hour , and most economical in town .
good happy hour selection for both food and drinks .
the strong drinks always help .
food , service and atmosphere was wonderful !
excellent food and service .
great venue , very warm and welcoming .
excellent steak and lobster .
i highly recommend coming in for steak and seafood .
absolutely loved this place !
overall the food was very tasty .
we came for happy hour and certainly left happy .
they did an outstanding job .
what a great experience .
the service was excellent and the food was phenomenal .
very satisfied and looking forward to our next visit !
excellent food and waiter was very attentive !
both dishes were flavorful !
great food and decent pricing !
staff was awesome and friendly !
will return for sure !
excellent location for happy hour !
love the outside seating when the weather is nice .
the employees were all very friendly .
i stayed here for a conference .
overall , i thought this hotel was great .
all in all , it's a great business hotel .
i love this westin !
you can even bring your pet !
i love this westin .
will definitely go back !
it's also a very convenient drive to the airport .
the staff is very friendly and accommodating .
rooms are nicely appointed , with very comfortable beds .
and pretty close to the strip .
the beds are so comfortable !
the blankets keep you so warm .
this place is actually quite quiet !
got a fantastic deal on this hotel via priceline .
we were really happy with our stay there .
- a liquor store right next door !
i'm a big fan of this hotel .
the service is solid .
it was a great help !
the rooms are nice and quiet and clean .
a solid westin experience for sure !
staff is friendly and rooms are clean and comfortable .
great service at the front desk .
great location , just a block from the strip .
room service is excellent !
what a really nice surprise .
they have a nice bar and small casino floor .
the spa is very nice and very soothing .
the food there is very good and affordable .
nice to have a starbucks in house too .
overall , it was good stay .
i absolutely enjoyed staying here .
most of it was quite tasty as well .
nice , clean , quiet .
staff were very pleasant .
the room service was fair in price and tasty .
the restaurant is surprisingly good .
great business hotel at the heart of the strip .
so , it's very comfortable .
a very classy chill place to stay in vegas .
beds are soooooo comfortable .
this is a great deal .
starbucks is 24/7 so that 's really nice .
this place was great .
i love this hotel !
staff is very friendly and helpful .
enjoyed a fantastic swedish massage at the spa !
highly recommend this beautiful , peaceful , modern spa .
all in all quite a nice place to stay .
the friendliest casino in town !
nicest casino near the strip !
front desk staff was very polite and professional .
wish i spent my entire trip here .
the location is awesome .
i really enjoy the convince of this property .
i am really happy with this resort .
service is friendly , excellent hotel !
nice hotel love the location .
they have the best bed in las vegas .
for the price it's great !
i was really pleased with our experience here .
oh and the beds are amazingly comfy !
this place is absolutely amazing .
it's reasonably priced and the accommodations are top notch .
awesome property , great value , fantastic location .
clean , comfortable , spacious rooms !
great place for a night in vegas .
rooms are clean and updated .
the staff is extremely friendly and helpful .
off the strip but sometimes that is good .
the staff is very nice and accommodating .
this is a great hotel for a business traveler .
service poolside was great too !
the heavenly showers and beds were fantastic as always .
had such an amazing stay at this hotel !
the westin is peaceful and so relaxing .
definitely staying here again !
we love this hotel .
quality you would expect in a westin .
casino is even decent .
love staying at the westin .
they always take great care of us .
love the " heavenly bed ! "
i definitely love the location .
but for me it was perfect .
great las vegas hotel experience .
one of the best hotels in vegas .
without this hotel i would have been stranded .
rooms were very clean .
this location was great .
we enjoyed our stay here !
the staff are very kind and accommodating .
the pool area is nicely maintained as well .
the location for the price is unbeatable .
very good location for being off-strip .
another awesome del taco !
i will continue coming here .
great selection , and great sister stores as well .
really appreciate that kind of service .
the selection is fantastic whether it's accessories or clothing .
i love this store !
great place to shop .
first of all they have , incredible customer service .
robert is outstanding in this store .
i was so pleased i bought two pairs .
that 's especially important during the hot months .
thanks for a great experience !
fashion show mac counter was amazing !
impeccable service in the shoe dept this past sunday .
they have great buyers and a wonderful return policy .
she let me know i was welcome to .
customer service is awesome .
store is bright and clean .
i liked to enjoy private sales service and atmosphere .
this place is always clean and organized .
a wonderful addition to your team .
josh was absolutely awesome .
each time the customer service is excellent .
thank you for always treating your customers well .
the sales assistant was so nice !
very helpful and attentive .
early access sale is amazing !
they provide the best service .
i had excellent customer service .
this place is great .
the place is clean and the chairs are nice .
kim is super nice and did a great job !
near perfect shopping experience .
i love this shopping area .
there 's lots of good stores here .
okay , they got us good .
this is worth stopping by just to check out .
it was such a fun and wonderful time .
great place to window shop .
many great family dinners !
my party got held up and showed up late .
this place is a prime example .
the employees were soooo nice .
i mean genuinely nice .
i love this place .
i am always happy .
great family food , always friendly service .
it's like having happy family over for dinner .
my international friends had fun and loved it .
the food was great .
the waiter was very detailed attentive and fun .
my own family love this place .
it is a place where we feel joy .
i loved the idea of family style eating .
amazing ravioli and an equally brilliant spaghetti with vegetables .
i received great service .
great place to eat while in vegas !
will return if i ever go back !
the bread was delicious and my waiter was helpful !
the service was good and the food was great .
i look forward to going again !
great food and great service .
a fun place to eat .
great place for families and groups .
the service was friendly and timely .
the food tasted terrific .
drinks were also very good .
good selection of beer .
lastly the food is very good .
the large portions can feed a whole family .
they have a thursday - saturday special .
the food always fills me up .
overall i enjoyed my experience .
always a good time here .
the staff is friendly and very welcoming .
this was one of the best times we've had .
came here with my family this past week .
we walked it off on the strip !
such incredible service , life saver !
food was delicious and in huge portions .
another amazing visit here !
food is so incredibly delicious !
waiter was really friendly and accommodating .
prices are reasonable and service was great .
but either than that great place .
my husband and i love this place .
the food is always delicious .
we were pleasantly surprised .
good solid lunch experience .
all three of us were happy .
i loved this place !
the food was amazing !
a good place to try out of the strip .
the food came out one right after the other .
the garlic bread and cheese bread was good .
the food was perfect as was the entire experience .
the staff was great .
we had fabulous food and generous family style portions .
great choice mary for our luncheon !
great food , great ambiance !
the staff was professional and on top of everything .
the red sangria is awesome !
we will definitely be back !
price very reasonable as well .
really delicious food and awesome service .
the diablo pasta is definitely worth a try .
the meal came and it was very nice .
they earned me respect !
the sales staff is very attentive and knowledgeable .
had a great experience shopping here with my wife .
i love this shop !
he has excellent customer service .
beautiful rainforest cafe located in the mgm grand .
the food is great and the service is good .
the bar area has an awesome waterfall effect .
this is a fun and entertaining way to dine !
very cool atmosphere and good food too !
the sounds and rain were so cool .
yeah , it's a regular burger joint .
the place is awesome .
chicken caesar salad is also very good .
your kids will have fun .
never had been there before and it was good .
my son enjoyed the atmosphere .
i had an absolutely fantastic meal here .
this place was amazing !
great place for kids and food was good .
everything we ordered was amazing .
the shop attached was cute as well .
first off , the decor is amazing .
our food was great too .
the decor is amazing .
staff is always friendly and the food is ok .
perfect for kiddos and adults alike !
i've loved this place since i was a kid .
color me pleasantly surprised !
we had an excellent server .
tall clean cut white guy .
my hamburger and frys we're delicious .
bathrooms where very clean .
if your in vegas i highly recommend this place .
good food , very cool atmosphere .
i love rainforest cafe !
the southwest eggroll appetizer is the best !
i love rainforest cafe .
it was huge and really good .
the prices were just super high !
the spinach artichoke dip was very tasty !
our kids love the rainforest cafe .
for family entertainment spot on .
loved the macadamia tilapia .
this place was decent .
the food was good .
totally worth it for u meat eater out there .
we love this place for the atmosphere .
it is a kid friendly place .
the large appetizer platter was amazing !
great amount of food for your money .
the server named julie was amazing and extremely friendly .
this place was great !
loved the atmosphere , and the food was good .
i will definitely be coming back .
thoroughly enjoyed our lunch here .
all in all a very pleasant and enjoyable visit .
overall , great restaurant .
my family and i had a wild experience !
the service and food was excellent !
service is slow but everything is delicious .
wonderful place for kids and adults .
love the food , love the experience .
food was a bit pricey , but very tasty !
i would definitely take my family again .
friendly staff that provide excellent service .
i'm having a drink right next to an elephant .
i love all the wildlife and plants .
the food was great .
food came out fast and food was good .
good for couples and kids .
very , helpful staff .
seafood paella , was great !
high quality food in a fun atmosphere .
for a real treat , sit at the bar .
the bartenders are friendly and funny too !
the drinks and food are good too .
food is reasonable priced and tastes great .
service is fast and friendly as well .
great for groups and larger parties .
the food was amazing .
i really hope they didn't think i was lying .
the fries are just oh so good !
everything came out fresh and good .
fun environment for the kids .
fyi , it's freezing in there !
great sushi and seafood buffet !
all are excellent quality of course .
the jelly rolls are awesome !
sashimi was surprisingly fresh and tasty .
this is the best todai i've ever been to .
very clean and comfortable .
lots of variety and plenty of it .
the food here is delicious .
they have more selections and really friendly service .
i came here today , and it was perfect .
even the rice was enjoyable .
nevertheless , quite tasty .
their quality is so nice and clean .
this japanese restaurant also has korean food section .
the quality is very good .
they have chinese dishes and an excellent dessert bar .
i think it is really good .
the seafood and sushi tasted fresh .
the king crab legs were delicious .
the baked shrimp was really good too .
as good as a seafood buffet can get !
they all suck compared to this one in vegas .
sushi buffet was delicious .
overall very happy camper .
the food is good , pricing is reasonable .
is it worth the money ?
we enjoy this buffet every time we go .
todai is one of my favorite restaurants .
one of my favorite places to eat in vegas !
great service and an excellent sushi selection .
they also have a great poke salad .
the quality was great too .
the service that i experienced was great .
awesomeness at its best .
great place to eat .
it's a fun place to take out-of-town guests .
there is a good selection of soups and dessert .
best seafood buffet i have been to , yet !
the food was amazing !
the sushi was plentiful and fresh .
for a sushi buffet it was great .
especially for the price !
this is seriously my favorite japanese seafood buffet !
definitely worth the price !
food was delicious , good variety of sushi .
they have pretty good desserts as well .
food : satisfied my salmon sashimi craving !
i love all you can eat even more .
this place has the real stuff .
all you can eat seafood and sushi !
i absolutely love this place !
best sushi place i have ever been too .
my family and i got so full .
expensive place but definitely worth it to me .
love the variety of japanese dishes on offer .
the korean bbq is amazing !
the sushi is always fresh with so many varieties .
the rolls are all pretty tasty .
omg i love every single of it .
good sushi and all you can eat .
the made to order udon was also good .
loved the sushi , sashimi .
huge selection of rolls and raw fish .
great value for sushi lovers .
all you can eat seafood and sushi !
excellent selection of sushi and hot items .
everything is fresh and always looking so good .
also very children friendly !
the sanitation was also top notch .
great price for all you can eat sushi !
i will go again !
it was the best choice for the night .
excellent sushi buffet with hot items as well .
we love it for lunch !
this is high quality food that 's really fresh .
love the food and the service .
yummy all you can eat sushi and japanese food .
the fish was fresh .
the udon was so flavorful .
all the other dishes were amazing .
amazing food , all fresh .
wait staff was amazing !
this is the best todai in las vegas .
thank you for great and friendly services .
i really enjoy soft shell crab hand rolls here .
i am very pleased with price as well .
if you like sushi , this is sushi heaven !
plus i love the dessert bar as well .
staff was friendly and helpful .
enjoyed my dinner here .
nice variety of food .
good sushi roll and hand rolls .
good variety for dessert .
food and service was great .
they charge every drink except water !
this place is great .
it has just about every type of asian food .
we had a wonderful meal here last night .
the service is pretty efficient .
vegas is going to shit !
great store , great service , and great selection .
this store is great .
just some ice cream , please .
ice cream remains tasty , of course .
service : fast and friendly .
this place really is great ice cream .
really good sundaes , that 's all i get .
ordered the ginger bread coco , which was amazing !
overall : awesome customer service and yummy coco !
dreamy , creamy , and oh so heavenly !
their chocolate ice cream cone is also very good .
this place definitely makes my mouth very happy !
it tasted great as well .
they had great ice cream sundaes .
i went here twice and both times were great .
this place has a very good system .
this place is outstanding !
i highly recommend this place .
thanks men 's warehouse for your help !
their level of customer service is stellar .
it was a very simple transaction .
great customer service is here !
highly recommend this place !
will definitely be visiting kevin again !
joyce is the best in the land .
straight professional , friendly and knowledgeable .
i recommend seeing her only when you come here !
good hip hop playing but the spanish never came !
well it did but until 2am ?
always have a great time here.
good variety of spanish music .
the customer service was also good .
buns were nice and warm .
i just love this store .
they are so well made and amazing .
the girls that work here are wonderful .
hit this place up !
they will love it !
solid selection and friendly staff .
found something i wanted and headed out .
the store is large , beautiful and visual .
the shopping bags are nice too .
thank you i'll be back .
great pizza , great service .
good thing the food was so good though .
i come here for the incredible salads !
those are guaranteed awesomeness .
typically the food is consistent .
it's fabulous and inventive .
the best : garlic chicken pizza .
nice palace to eat pizza and great service .
a great place to eat pizza .
i freaking love cpk !
the service is always great here too .
food was very good as well as service .
manager was friendly and overall great experience .
service was pretty good too .
salads and pizza are always amazing .
bread and butter are good compliments .
our server was attentive and very patient !
just home from another good meal with old friends .
and you know what ?
great spot to eat while your in the mall .
wine and drink menu good .
i loved the food , very tasty and fresh .
everything was really good !
the service was amazing .
i love this place !
hard workers and always are so helpful and welcoming !
recommend everyone to eat at this location .
the staff here is amazing .
the manager dropped off our appetizer , nice touch .
the best pumpkin cheesecake on the planet !
the best service on the planet !
so grateful for this dynamic meal !
always have the same thing and are always happy .
picture perfect pizza right ?
service always first class !
my pizza was fine and the salad was good .
the tortilla soup is highly recommended .
also the kale salad is refreshing .
pleasant environment , not noisy , and quick service .
our meal was piping hot !
but the best part was the amazing service !
this really made my eating at vegas good .
nice location inside the fashion show mall .
our waiter was very nice and service was great !
all the staff were very nice !
food was great & so was service .
caesars salad is delicious .
awesome teachers and amazing atmosphere .
wow , great beef .
the creamed spinach is awesome .
lawry 's suited us perfectly .
still the best prime rib around anywhere .
i really liked the spinach and creamy corn sides .
the bread was great too .
good service and great steaks .
small place , more intimate .
same concept , food still delicious , great service .
i had a great time .
but the prime rib made up for it .
i'm such a lucky girl !
i would definitely come back here again !
best prime ribs i ever had .
by far the best prime rib i've eaten .
eat the prime rib and have the delicious sides .
vegas trip of course !
okay so this place rocks .
this place is a must when you visit vegas .
by far the best prime rib i've ever had .
the meat is perfectly cooked medium rare and juicy .
yes , the prime rib kicks ass here .
probably the best that ive ever had .
they're proud of their meat here .
it was pleasantly surprising .
still just as tasty tho !
this is an amazing restaurant !
damn it i like it .
the best part : the food matches these efforts .
reservations are a good bet .
i love how lawry 's has never changed .
service was exceptional and very friendly .
the prime rib is delicious , too .
service is always top notch .
lawry 's is so worth it here .
the food was great the spinning salad is delicious .
all the waiters are so friend .
well worth the price !
prime rib is what it is all about .
always a good choice for dining !
the level of customer service is impeccable !
still the only prime rib for me !
love both their house merlot and cabernet .
lawry 's the prime rib does well with both .
one of the best meals on the planet !
great service throughout the entire meal .
love the sourdough and the salad .
pricey , but definitely worth it .
one of my all time favorites !
was this place memorable .
excellent place for special occasions .
this was the best prime rib i've ever had !
very memorable & right off the strip .
everything is succulent and bursting in flavor .
i highly recommend eating here when you're in vegas .
this is the legendary lawry 's prime rib .
the waitress is friendly and service was superb .
the prime rib itself was wow !
tender and cooked to perfection .
they do one thing and do it very well .
as good as prime rib gets !
what a place to go for a great dinner .
everything about this restaurant is classy .
the food is impeccable !
prime rib melts in your mouth .
spinning salad , calamari , all very delicious .
the experience was wonderful .
i freakin ' love this place .
and the service is incredible .
we all thoroughly enjoyed our meals .
i love this place .
she was very attentive and by the book .
the food was amazing !
i love their wine selection .
cant beat that horseradish !
this shit is amazing .
what a great experience everytime i am here .
enjoy you wont be disappointed .
i really enjoy lawry 's .
i ordered a medium rare and it was perfect .
i love meat and this place delivered .
our server , ms. taylor , was amazing !
this place never disappoints !
excellent food & service .
great wine selection and the food is amazing .
english cut is the best !
i love this place !
and the cream corn is delicious !
also , feel welcomed and taken care of !
quality meat and service along with the price tag .
a tremendous las vegas dining experience !
a fine , old time restaurant with fine food .
really good prime rib .
the salad is delicious .
and the creamed spinach is delicious !
our dinner at lawry 's was outstanding .
the food and service were excellent .
wonderful experience as a whole .
the prime rib is fantastic !
the creamed spinach is great too !
my girlfriend and i love this place .
even the service is excellent every time we visit .
all of it was amazing .
miss post , my server was wonderful !
i love prime rib and this was amazing !
this is definitely my new favorite special occasion restaurant !
we started with calamari , which was great .
lawry 's is a dining experience .
this is easily my favorite las vegas restaurant .
mrs. smith ) and have unique decor .
great food and very attentive staff .
they definitely train their servers to be the best !
best prime rib house in southern nevada .
well , the dinning experience was fabulous .
the food was excellent along with the service .
very tasty and excellent service .
the peach iced tea is really good too .
always a great dining experience !
the house merlot is delicious !
i am always impressed with the prime rib .
both were fantastic and loved the creamed spinach .
i honestly really enjoyed it , others didn't .
the creamed spinach was delicious .
three words : prime rib chili .
it was absolutely delicious !
excellent service with superb food .
the best prime rib place in vegas !
loved the prime rib .
great potatoes and salad and wine .
atmosphere was really good .
this place is a classic .
the sides are great as well .
the prime rib was delicious , i suggest medium .
i tastey trip back in time !
the prime rib and the service was excellent .
my favorite restaurant in the whole wide world .
the starter bread is tasty .
i always get extra of the spinning salad .
it's some of the best prime rib in town .
i've always had a great experience here .
affordable , fine dining .
celebrated my 40th birthday here with my family !
a special dinner during a special weekend .
the waitress was extremely polite and impressive .
however , we all had a great meal !
two with steak and one with sea bass .
the atmosphere and experience was excellent !
both prime ribs were cooked perfectly .
excellent ambience and excellent service .
i was amazed at how wonderful our meal was .
creamed corn was so good .
we will come every time we are in town !
best prime rib and lobster i have ever had !
i will definitely coming back .
best prime rib ever .
sweet corn is a must for side item .
it is , after all , lawry 's !
for any meat eater , it's a must !
great food , had an amazing meal here !
as good as it gets !
always a pleasure dining here .
the best prime rib anywhere !
she truly made our evening special .
it was massive , rare and seasoned perfectly .
i could eat this weekly !
arguably one of my favorite meals of all time .
just always an incredible dining experience and incredible food .
have yet to find a prime rib better .
great place to have a romantic dinner .
i love the vip program too !
really enjoyed the whole experience .
ms post was the best !
everytime the food and the service is perfect .
i love this place .
this is my favorite special occasion restaurant .
their food is sheer perfection .
the service is flawless .
i love this place so much .
highly recommend this fare of food to all .
the best steak in vegas .
excellent birthday night out !
outstanding service by a team with liz ?
the prime rib and sides were so tasty .
i love prime rib .
but i still bought another slice .
it is prime rib after all .
house wines are the best value in vegas !
all were extremely delicious .
one of the best prime rib i've had .
another great dining experience this past veterans day weekend .
service was excellent too .
delicious and great service !
really fast service too !
along with the yummy food the service is awesome .
they really pay attention to customer service .
always have consistently great prime ribs and great service .
she was so amazing to us !
the restrooms were clean and inviting .
great service all around .
the prime rib was delicious !
would definitely recommend this place !
it's a drive for us but always worth it .
i loved it and i'm glad we tried it .
the prime rib is outstanding .
the price is high for the portion .
the staff are very friendly and welcoming .
great service and delicious food !
what a lovely experience !
i love the presentation of each course .
the food was excellent .
the starter salad was so good .
we both enjoyed it so much .
nicely seasoned bone-in ribeye .
i highly recommend reservations .
the service was polite and attentive .
the dinner starts with a great spinning salad .
i love the ambiance .
all of the food was really amazing .
it was sooooo good .
this was a really nice treat .
it was tender and very flavorful .
atmosphere was very nice .
highly recommend this place .
great meal and great service .
everything was excellent at my recent dinner here .
our waitress ms. taylor was amazing and very knowledgeable .
the prime rib was the perfect temperature .
cream corn is my favorite side .
their salad and sides are also very good .
by far the " best " prime rib dinner !
prime rib was tender and cooked to perfection .
first time was delicious .
good food , nice ambiance for a special occasion .
traditional , elegant and the food is just perfection .
service was spot on !
best prime rib i've ever had .
i love going here .
the whole experience is incredible .
the prime rib is melt-in-your-mouth delicious .
everything , and mean everything is great !
the service is as amazing as the food !
great price for what you get !
service was great and the menu is pretty simple .
love the atmosphere , great service .
the food is awesome and never disappoints .
the prime rib was delicious .
the prime rib was delicious as were the sides .
the service is beyond excellent .
we enjoy the prime rib dip on onion roll .
prime rib , excellent .
the mahi mahi is outstanding !
thanksgiving is always a treat here as well !
service is very attentive .
great food and great service .
the bruschetta was decent , so were the sides .
we all got prime rib , which was yummy .
the prime rib was really good !
the cream spinach & corn is delicious !
the prime rib and rib steak were great .
the ambiance of this place is great .
the food was amazing .
the prime rib really melts in your mouth .
outstanding food and service .
nice atmosphere , good appetizers and sides .
lawry 's has the best prime rib .
this place is so good their salad is amazing .
perfect is the only word to describe it .
salad was great and the service was exceptional .
try it , you will like it .
i was pleased with my choices !
this place is pretty awesome .
the service was really good for our first time .
would recommend and will go back again sometime !
this was some of the best prime rib around !
awesome place to take a date .
i love good prime rib !
the best prime rib in the us .
superb service , food and location .
lawry 's will always be a favorite .
the spin salad is phenomenal .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
it was a great way to celebrate our anniversary .
excellent food and service !
our dinner was absolutely fantastic .
the salad a breads were also flavorful .
a bit salty but tasty .
this is the best place for prime rib .
pricey , but worth it .
the most smooth taste i've ever had .
fine dining at it's best .
love it when we find a spot by accident .
prime rib was fantastic .
was this restaurant fun .
the service was as incredible as i remembered .
we both got the signature prime rib .
both roasted to perfection , medium rare .
oh the calamari was perfectly done with two sauces .
i loved the service and the old style charm .
you can't beat that , we enjoyed every minute .
and it was awesome !
check out the desserts - well worth it !
the service was excellent !
but everything else was good !
soooo loving their food .
best prime rib anywhere .
wonderful art deco atmosphere .
superb care to detail .
did i mention the terrific prime rib .
delicious and like stepping back in time .
the service was excellent and the food was great .
the prime rib is of course fab .
pretty solid lunch deals .
our waitress mrs. taylor made our experience unforgettable !
i love love love this place !
but what a treat .
the service was great .
the outfits the waitresses wear are a nice touch .
i really was impressed .
this place has the world 's best prime rib !
prime rib , delicious !
the staff were incredible .
the chef came and introduced himself to the party .
well this is it .
food was great and service was great !
great food from a great name !
i recommend it greatly !
i loved the outfits that the wait staff used .
it was family friendly and very tasty .
amazing service and meal .
creamed corn is a must .
the bread pudding is overrated imo , but good .
fits the theme and adds character to the place .
best prime rib i've had by far .
prime rib melts in your mouth .
food knowledge & service excellent !
great service , very classy .
the prime rib was so succulent and delicious .
i would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone .
the atmosphere is wonderful , upscale but not stuffy .
our waiter mr jones was fantastic .
worth going to for special occasions .
yes pricey , but worth it .
the waitress and everybody were so nice .
such a wonderful place .
go during the holidays , magical !
prime rib here is done right !
we enjoyed every minute of our time of celebration .
dear god , this prime rib is magnificent .
the dressing was delicious .
others got the turkey and loved it as well .
the customer service and food was delicious !
the yams were so good !
still one of the best !
we had a delicious lunch here the other day !
more than enough food !
service is friendly and more than enough parking .
great prime rib and the service was top notch .
it is always a treat to come here !
reservations are easy to come by .
of course the prime rib is always on point !
a throwback , for sure .
it certainly wasn't cheap .
beat the dinner crowd with a prime rib lunch .
what a great experience .
diamond jim cut was sensational .
excellent , excellent , excellent .
the prime rib is outstanding .
excellent service and atmosphere .
a really classy and satisfying experience overall .
the sides were really delicious .
the ambiance is nice with the waitstaff in costume .
what a treat to go to lawry 's .
wonderful service , awesome food and pleasant atmosphere .
she treated us like special guests .
to begin the atmosphere is classy and comfortable .
the food here is pretty darn good .
for an appetizer i began with the shrimp cocktail .
that was pretty fresh and tasted amazing .
great atmosphere and fine dining .
best prime rib in town .
the service was excellent !
i enjoyed my salmon salad .
one of my favorite in vegas .
best prime rib anywhere !
i love this place !
the servers made our questions feel welcomed .
i love this place !
melt in your mouth prime rib !
spinning salad , great sides and good service !
prompt service , delicious food .
always enjoy going here when in town .
prime rib is great and so is the service .
my favorite restaurant in vegas .
i love this place !
best prime rib in vegas .
it's extremely consistent and delicious every time .
they made it very intimate and easy .
truly a gem of a place .
loved the fresh croutons !
the prime rib was amazing coming from a cart .
best prime rib ever !
would totally recommend and come back .
the food and service was great !
the server was so attentive and patient with us .
food was amazing , especially their bread and sides .
when in doubt this is always a winner !
service at mr smoke shop is awesome .
they also have drinks and a variety of munchies !
awesome little shop very friendly staff prices are good .
this place is fast .
same day service ; washed and folded perfectly .
plenty of tvs and wifi !
easy access and very clean .
the washers got the job done .
very happy with price and service .
first time user and very satisfied and happy .
place is clean and area felt safe .
washers and dryers are clean .
a nice little deli in the forum shops .
the matzo ball soup is amazing !
these pickles are huge and tasty !
i recommend the lox platter .
friendly staff , fun scenery , tremendous people watching .
this place moved to the mgm grand ?
i love this place !
the corned beef sandwich is the best .
good night , sweet stage door deli .
he is truly a master at his craft .
the staff was super friendly and welcoming .
and free happy hour .
this is a clean well maintained hotel .
the rooms are spacious and very comfortable .
the breakfast was excellent .
rooms are ok but it is very family friendly .
best embassy ive ever stayed in .
staff was very friendly .
the service is very good .
the place is clean for the most part .
it's a good place to work out of .
thank you embassy suites .
you will continue to have my business .
i recently stayed here and was pleasantly surprised .
that 's a big one in my book !
one of the nicest hotels i've stayed at .
i liked the gym facility .
i liked the gym facility .
very nice rooms and views of the city .
i really love the people here .
everyone is very nice .
the breakfast is made fresh every day .
omelet bar made fresh every morning .
amenities were great and service was top notch .
great place to stay !
will definitely be back !
the hotel and the rooms are clean .
everything tastes real & fresh .
good price for a good room .
free breakfast was great .
i'd definitely stay here again .
absolutely loved this place !
thank you embassy suites for taking care of us !
room was nice and very clean .
they offered a free breakfast and happy hour cocktails .
staff was very friendly .
the hotel is fine .
stayed here on a family trip to vegas .
we really enjoyed our stay here .
the lemon infused water is a nice treat .
wow , this place has some amazing stuff !
i ended up purchasing a beautiful navy blue suit .
you are a class act .
that extra tlc is very nice .
will definitely come back again .
highly recommended if you're looking for high end attire !
great little casino and nice little restaurants too .
felt like an nice apartment complex .
i liked this place a whole bunch !
i was very happy with this find .
i loved the place !
it was better than my apartment in boston !
chill cheap venue that is great for groups .
the pool was great !
yeah i would stay here again !
stayed here once for work and once for nye .
decent pools and casino .
also , their valet is pretty great .
i love staying at the tuscany .
it's also clean and very roomy .
this place is a great value for the price .
the casino is pretty nice overall .
delicious food , great drinks , friendly staff !
will definitely go again if i'm taking the kid .
love that is very tuscany like .
the chapel was absolutely romantic and gorgeous .
it it affordable and the rooms are nice sized .
it's been very clean and quite every time .
we really enjoyed our stay at the tuscany .
great great place to stay !
awesome day at the tuscany .
eat here you'll like it .
this is a very nice hotel .
it is clean and staff is friendly .
booked it at the last minute and very impressed .
great place for us business travelers or families .
pleasantly surprised by tuscany .
either way , you are going to be happy .
we enjoy it and will go back many times .
a nice little oasis away from the strip .
the bed was very comfortable .
i enjoyed the separate bathtub .
gorgeous landscaping , gorgeous room !
definately will be staying here in the future !
the best off the strip affordable hotel in vegas .
good for family and business trip too .
very relaxing and great prices .
we will most definitely stay here again !
we love this place .
their staff are friendly and eager to help .
always a great stay .
i reluctantly booked , and what do you know .
double beds but very comfortable .
concierge is nice and professional .
i highly recommend this place .
very happy with the hotel .
was a good value .
pool / hot tub area is gorgeous and relaxing .
very nice experience all the way around .
all good stuff and a very reasonable price .
rooms were very clean and service was great .
great place to stay and play !
did pretty well , with their help .
it is my favorite getaway place in las vegas .
best kept secret in vegas .
the price is what got my attention .
the room was amazing .
good drink prices as well .
good service everything new , the staff are friendly .
i love this place .
the price for what we got was great !
but still well worth the trip off strip .
far exceeding my expectations !
huge , clean suite .
i highly recommend tuscany suites .
quiet hotel & very very affordable .
the pool was great & loved the poolside cocktails .
great stay at a great value .
big room , lovely pool .
will definitely stay here again in the future .
overall very happy with tuscany .
very impressed with this hotel .
a nice inexpensive stay at a very nice property .
had a great experience .
housekeeping was great every day .
i would absolutely stay there again !
i would highly recommend this hotel .
these rooms are spacious and nice .
the cafe had great food and good service .
the rooms are extremely spacious and lovely .
terrific value , recommended to me by local .
the room was huge and clean .
the cafe is delicious !
this hotel was a gem off the strip .
the hotel itself is respectable .
the cafe has great food at great prices .
dinner at the gardens was pricey but delicious !
please pat them on the back for us !
the hotel itself is respectable .
the cafe has great food at great prices .
dinner at the gardens was pricey but delicious !
this place is a wonderful place for your money .
i love this place !
the staff is very friendly .
marilyn 's cafe food was great !
nice neighborhood relatively close to the strip .
bally 's is well within walking distance .
the rooms are always clean and in good shape .
very nice and cheap hotel .
the rooms are also very clean .
the live entertainment was phenomenal tonight .
if highly recommend it !
beautiful hotel just off the strip and so affordable .
i feel like i found a hidden gem .
this place is great .
staff were friendly and attentive .
the rooms are nice and big for sure .
room was huge and very clean .
stuff was friendly and helpful .
but i was impressed and definitely will stay again .
it was perfectly cleaned every day .
this hotel casino and suites is nice !
customer service is good and i'll definitely be coming back.
we stay here every year !
the staff has always been polite and professional .
we loved this hotel .
it's quiet , beautiful , and priced right .
the food is good , and price is reasonable .
also nice friendly courtesy staff .
i will definitely stay here again .
lovely room , great price .
will definitely stay again .
great place to stay !
very clean , nice staff .
definately a good place to hang out .
i actually wouldnt mind working there at all .
i was really impressed about this place .
most of the girls are really hot .
it was a fun evening .
will be going back and look for you soon !
keep up the nice service !
thank you so much !
everyone is so nice friendly and informative .
my husband and i will definitely be back !
the girls are really pretty and young .
great prices on the shows you want to see .
nothing beats a tasty cigar while on vacation .
we will definitely be back for more fun .
the drinks great and the cigars also great .
their bourbon selection is the best in las vegas .
much better customer service this time around .
just a cool vibe with the best customer service .
joy was just that .
excellent designs and fit !
i personally recommend patrick .
a heck of nice guy too .
joy is absolutely the best !
great great time and what an exceptional room .
i will stay here again !
a lovely place to celebrate a special event .
the view at night is spectacular !
the food is good .
our dinner was superb !
this is a great place for a date .
but it was the excellent food !
the view is spectacular !
great food and a great view .
they were all delicious !
definitely a lunch place .
the best piece of meat i have ever had !
asparagus al dente - perfect .
good food , good service and good setting .
this review is for drinks only .
it has a great atmosphere , with wonderful service .
breathtaking views right from your table .
highly recommend the chocolate souffle .
the perfect french restaurant !
such a romantic evening !
perfect for a date night !
beautiful restaurant excellent food .
the lamb was delicious !
but it is worth a try .
french food , wonderful chef 's tasting menu .
the view inside is breath taking .
the food was so delicious !
four stars is right on for this restaurant .
you will love it .
we had the best time here .
great food great service and a killer view .
the staff were excellent .
i highly recommend going .
one one the best views in vegas .
man was it delicious !
the food was amazing and very very rich .
the service was excellent and not overbearing .
the views of the bellagio fountain are perfect .
food was pretty good .
this is our special occasion spot in vegas .
order the filet and it was perfect .
the people who work there are attentive .
the view here is amazing .
their view is amazing .
best view of vegas while you dine .
the lamb was superb !
definitely worth every bite and memory !
great view and location for a tourist .
this place was amazing !
the food was very good and top shelf .
i highly recommend this place .
the meal was truly flawless .
pairing was well worth the additional fee .
yes , the view is spectacular .
the food here was absolutely amazing !
spectacular views of the fountains at bellagio .
they make it while you enjoy your dinner .
the food and the service are top notch .
french food seriously has the best sauces .
all of our food was wonderful .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
it was huge , and sweet and delicious .
the view is awesome !
the view was so beautiful .
it was seasoned to perfection .
i will definitely be back !
this place is excellent .
this is one of my favorite restaurants !
both of the drinks we had were very good .
this place is great for a romantic dinner .
the food was great , too .
definitely a bit expensive but worth a splurge .
what a tremendous experience .
the food was incredible but the service was better .
the view was spectacular and made the experience unforgettable .
we had a great time at this restaurant .
you will definitely enjoy a meal here .
food was small but taste great .
felt like a hidden gem .
desert and the view watching fountain show was perfect .
this is the best view of the bellagio fountains .
great service ( thanks joshua !
what an outstanding experience !
this place is so fancy !
loved everything we tried & the view was awesome .
but worth it for a special occasion .
the food was great !
the service was very friendly and helpful .
food and service was outstanding .
i would recommend this restaurant .
all the food is very tasty and very original .
i love coming here when i go to vegas .
i really enjoyed the intimate setting .
food - very good .
the food is first rate .
for me , the service was the best part .
absolutely my favorite restaurant in vegas !
the lobster salad is my current favorite !
service was great , everything was out promptly .
good place to try .
the food was very good .
but my goodness the view !
the eiffel tower restaurant was a nice experience .
i am even more impressed with the service !
i highly recommend this restaurant .
pricey but great for a nice celebration dinner .
service is top notch .
one of the best meals i've had in vegas .
great place to bring a date .
well he was right .
good thing the restaurant is dark .
had lunch and everything was first class .
the other four , or five things were delicious .
the service was exceptional .
it's vegas so everything is relative .
our food and service were both great .
thanks again to jennifer and her staff .
the girls were all delightful , loved the restaurant .
great service and great food .
we really enjoyed our whole experience !
the desserts were amazing .
i just loved this restaurant !
food i wouldnt think id like , but loved .
excellent food and service .
the chicken was the best in town .
i've heard it's amazing for lunch as well .
the restaurant is absolutely amazing !
the pistachio is my favorite !
very romantic for our anniversary .
great service at both the bar and the table .
surprisingly good burgers here .
what an incredible dinner !
will for sure be coming back here !
went here for our anniversary trip ( christmas time !
the best ) and requested a window seat .
the entire staff was very attentive and friendly .
the food was excellent !
and the service the best i've ever experienced .
had a great time here over the weekend .
this may be the best room in vegas .
the food is pretty good too .
it was very good .
most beautiful restaurant i've ever been to .
will definitely come back again !
my fianc and i love good food .
the atmosphere is elegant and warm .
this place is pretty amazing .
the food is super high quality .
results : wife loved it .
really good not great food .
great food , great service , great view .
the steaks were also very good .
the place is gorgeous and the food was delicious .
this place is so amazing and worth every penny !
ate here and it was great .
we got the set menu which was delicious .
very professional and courteous staff .
food was terrific and the service top rate !
the service is impeccable .
an amazing evening without fault .
the food is delicious .
food and experience is definitely worth the splurge .
wishing you much continued success .
that back drop makes for an amazing dinning experience .
service , atmosphere and food are all excellent .
beef wellington was superb .
incredible and a beautiful restaurant .
again the view is amazing !
overall a great experience at this restaurant .
the wait staff is very attentive and friendly .
obviously expensive but worth every penny !
the dinner service was formal and elegant .
lunch was more relaxed , but very nice .
one of my favorite restaurants in the world .
the service is first rate and the food amazing .
everything we ordered was excellent .
the ambience and views are amazing .
the staff is top-notch and very attentive .
been there twice and food and service were fantastic .
great service great foot great atmosphere !
good food & great view .
the best thing about the meals : dessert .
they were both great .
you did it again !
the staff were very attentive and friendly .
this place is worth the trip alone .
the view of the bellagio fountains was amazing .
amazing food and wine with a great view !
we recommend it for a very special romantic dinner .
best filet mignon ever .
so romantic , so perfect , so paris !
i love this place .
best meal of my life and worth every penny !
the whole experience was definitely worth it .
great views of the bellagio fountains .
this place is great .
our server , molly , did a great job .
the whole experience was fantastic .
definitely a nice place for special occasions .
the view is great , request a window table .
the wife and i had an amazing time here .
the view of the bellagio fountains here are amazing .
the food from appetizers to main course were spectacular .
a great spot for a romantic treat .
apps : seared sea scallops were great .
the meal was executed expertly .
food tasted good and was nicely presented .
the service was absolutely great !
first of all , i liked the service !
their staff was so nice and friendly .
great service and even better food .
the view is spectacular !
food was excellent at lunch .
looked tacky in such a nice setting .
highly recommend for a special occasion .
first and foremost , the food was absolutely amazing .
it was that good !
our waiter was wonderful .
very romantic atmosphere and great menu selections .
i would definitely recommend this restaurant .
the view is amazing from anywhere in the house !
the tomato soup is a great start !
i definitely love this place and recommend it highly .
the rack of lamb was great !
service was very professional .
had the seafood appetizer and it was perfect .
if you like fine dining ad great food go !
the most romantic restaurant in vegas !
do dress to impress .
great service , with a fantastic view and ambiance .
the lobster salad was perfect .
every ingredient complimented the dish very well .
jon paul took very good care of us .
the view of the bellagio fountain shows was breathtaking .
highly recommend this place .
top notch in every way .
food , service , view , pricing .
great food , incredible view , excellent service .
great view , food , and service .
what a great view this restaurant has !
view of bellagio water show is outstanding .
the service was efficient .
this place is a must when visiting vegas .
i do recommend going at night .
the food was very good .
wine selection is excellent .
highly recommended for a romantic dinner .
great food and good service .
both pretty solid dishes .
kids salmon is also pretty good .
the strudel and coffee are awesome !
the staff was very attentive and accommodating .
best steak of my life !
the dinner seating and view was fabulous .
one of the best luncheon spots i've been to .
great customer service & delicious meals .
it's pretty expensive but the taste matches the price .
extremely romantic & special .
i loved my experience here .
the food was spectacular and the service was amazing .
the view is incredible .
service was very attentive and professional .
best dinner experience in las vegas !
i always love coming to the eiffel tower resturant .
great for romance or business .
food was outstanding , as expected .
the view from the restaurant is amazing .
it was very tender and tasted excellent .
very romantic restaurant overlooking the strip .
food is delicious and customer service is beyond outstanding !
i think the experience is worth the price .
definitely paying for the view which is pretty awesome .
great food and great customer service .
it was all delicious !
all i can say is wow !
the view is amazing as well .
all the food is amazing and top quality .
the staff is also very nice and friendly .
the view and the table setting was so romantic .
amazing views of the strip can't be beat .
the food is solid if not spectacular .
the food and cocktails were amazing .
i hope to come back soon .
great food and wine .
the view is awesome too .
its a nice treat .
great food and wine .
the view is awesome too .
its a nice treat .
the service was great and a view to match .
i'll be back again !
we celebrated our fourth wedding anniversary here .
servers are good too !
my experience at this restaurant was lovely .
the night time view is beautiful as well .
our service was excellent .
will definitely be back !
wonderful ambiance , fantastic service and delicious food .
thank you ridge and lloyd you guys are awesome .
my husband and i dined here for our anniversary .
definitely expensive , but worth it !
the view was amazing and the service was quick !
great romantic spot for all occasions .
the service was great .
is it hands down the best food ?
the salmon was cooked perfectly and crusted very well .
we dined here for a family event .
michael our french server .
the entrees and souffl were outstanding .
it was cooked very well .
creme brle was absolutely amazing !
the view was priceless .
good food , great scenery .
the food was delicious .
overall very nice memory though .
overall a wonderful experience for our date night !
one of my favorite restaurants in vegas !
will return next visit .
what an amazing view .
the wait staff here is outstanding .
the duck was perfectly done .
the warm ceasar salad was unique .
beautiful location and view .
the view is awesome .
certainly on the list to do dinner .
our server was sweet , efficient and informative .
i liked the pistachio one best .
the food was phenomenal .
i recommend the lamb and beef wellington .
which were also amazing .
we will definitely return .
i highly recommend this place !
the chocolate souffl was also very good .
the view was amazing !
food and service was outstanding !
especially loved the salmon and our desserts .
nice little romantic spot .
enjoyed the view and the signature cocktails .
we order pinot noir with our meal , excellent .
the service was great and the food was delicious .
i would definitely recommend it .
it was pretty good .
it was such a perfect night !
and he loved it .
but here you receive a meal with a view .
it makes for a very relaxing enjoyable evening .
overall it was a pleasant experience .
great food and nice view of the vegas strip !
i recommend this place to everyone !
it's lite and flavorful .
the hostess and staff are professional and accommodating .
so , so good every time .
fiance got veal medallions which were great .
servers were attentive and pleasant .
the meal was exquisite !
the service was impeccable .
food was fantastic and the staff were very friendly .
the service was impeccable .
the food was absolutely amazing .
great food , just small portions .
wonderful coffee , wonderful views .
a must for a special night in vegas !
very good food , gorgeous view and excellent service .
the bread was fresh .
the food is superb .
we were not disappointed .
tom , our server , was top notch .
the food was exceptional .
great view , great services .
great place to visit in vegas .
great viewing area of the water show !
this was the best dinner we have ever had .
it was also the best service we've ever had .
the view was amazing .
the best view in vegas .
the food was excellent as well .
great place to eat and have a few drinks .
great place , they made a customer for life .
great experience from the start .
she made sure we had a exceptional first experience .
the view was a plus , loved every moment .
what an awesome experience !
the sides were also good !
amazing food and view !
fine dining at its best !
such a fantastic view & super romantic .
great for a special occasion .
we had an excellent meal at the eiffel .
the menu was great with an extensive wine list .
the view was fantastic !
the service was top of the line .
the beef wellington was exceptional .
it's definitely pricey but worth it .
this restaurant is fantastic !
wonderful view , great service , and delicious food .
this place is pricey but worth it .
this restaurant was absolutely wonderful .
from the minute we entered the service was exceptional .
very good food and exceptional service .
pricey but worth the experience .
i loved everything about it .
the service , food and view was spectacular .
the eiffel view is a bonus .
a must eat experience .
every dollar you spend is totally worth it .
one of the best restaurants i've ever been to .
the view was great .
the food and wait staff were excellent .
the food was really good .
it was so delicious and the cocktails as well .
i recommend the pain killer drink .
the view of the bellagio fountain was amazing .
great view , good food , awesome company !
awesome food , view and service .
great special occasion meal and dining experience .
but it was super good nonetheless .
good view of the bellagio fountain though !
the food was delicious !
the food was amazing and great service too .
i'd love to return here someday .
had a wonderful dinner !
if you can afford it try it once !
fabulous food , wonderful service .
we love this restaurant .
service was great too .
the service was truly professional .
the food was incredible .
worth eating here at least once .
thanks for the special birthday experience !
great service , great views , great food !
amazing dining experience right on the strip .
one of the best view for dinner date .
will go back again for the view .
it was the most magic family dinner ever .
the food is very good here.
everyone i was with loved their meals .
the service was great !
very romantic and high class ambiance .
this place was so much fun to eat at !
the food was also really amazing .
it's french ( go figure ) , and upscale .
nice selection of drinks , and extremely polite staff .
for my main i ordered the lamb .
the truffle was delicious , and my first .
otherwise a stellar brunch with a view !
the perfect place to celebrate valentine 's day !
all while enjoying a wonderful meal .
drinks from the bar are good as well .
they come out amazing !
awesome experience and will definitely go back .
everything else was outstanding .
but whatever it was , it was delicious !
all in all it was worth it .
this is the ultimate classy french restaurant !
always had a great experience and a memorable night !
great spot in vegas !
breathtaking view , delicious food , worth the price .
friendly staff , would recommend to anyone !
it is all quality .
make no doubt , dinner is special here .
either way , you will leave happy and impressed .
i highly recommend the chocolate souffl .
drinks were great too a great time !
great food , great views !
service was also excellent .
what an amazing experience .
best steaks i've ever had .
our waiter was great , the food was excellent !
i had such a great experience here .
everybody is very nice and kind .
this is pure quality .
quality food , quality service and quality view !
a favorite place for us in vegas .
the king filet was delicious and cooked to perfection .
wonderful cocktails , delicious food and great view .
we will definitely be back .
a beautiful dining experience !
excellent from start to finish .
she started with a crab appetizer that was excellent .
unbelievably delicate , medium rare , absolutely fabulous .
our waitress maria was terrific .
she was kind and sweet .
the atmosphere & view of the strip is stunning !
the food is great & the staff were wonderful .
wow - simply amazing .
would recommend the french onion soup .
the service is perfect , as is the food .
take your time and enjoy the ride .
enjoyed our food , flavorful .
highly attentive and courteous .
anthony was our server and he was amazingly sweet .
magical and special night that we will always remember .
i would recommend the blt sandwich .
service was quick and pleasant .
surprisingly enough , these were actually good chocolates .
there is a good depth to the chocolate .
these are really good .
i think their dark chocolates are really great .
expensive , but delicious !
great stuff if you can afford their prices .
seriously , this is the best chocolate ever !
they are so delicious .
she has a wonderful way with the kids .
there is something for everyone !
the units are secure and clean .
besides that , everything is great .
it makes us feel like our stuff is safe !
the worship team are all excellent musicians and singers .
coming to the easter and christmas services are inspiring .
hands down an amazing church full of amazing people .
the people are so friendly and helpful here .
the worship is so uplifting .
so excited for bless fest coming up .
true meaning of the body of christ .
very well maintained , and the competition was organized .
staff helpful and friendly and more importantly , present !
staff were friendly , and the food was great .
going to love the new digs !
beautiful and one of my favorite courses .
the staff is friendly and the value is amazing .
i hear they have good membership options as well .
this course is so nice !
outside service was good clean carts friendly service .
this venue is beautiful .
the food was good .
i'll definitely play here again .
we had our wedding here and it was perfect !
they have a loyal customer , here on out .
simply awesome , honest repair shop !
they have new loyal customers for sure !
honest shop , great people !
thanks jack and sons .
good to find a mechanic you can trust !
they are nice , fast , and honest .
i'll most likely be back soon !
so they are very fair !
kenny and frank are the best .
kenny and his crew are the best !
he is such a great mechanic and so honest .
honest mechanics do exist .
i was more than happy to do that .
i had a great experience with this place .
a mechanic shop you can trust .
these guys have been great to me .
they're honest , quick and thorough .
i recommend this shop to anyone & everyone .
fantastic customer service , nice friendly staff .
fantastic customer service , nice friendly staff .
they took care of me in a timely fashion .
her teachers and the staff are all very friendly .
i love this school .
its the best school by far in vegas .
she's three now and it's awesome .
the staff are amazing too .
i absolutely love this school .
the teachers and staff are so friendly .
the small class size makes a world of difference .
very well rounded school .
i love this office .
dana & melissa are the greatest .
they are very personable & warm .
all the girls in the office are fabulous !
everyone is so sweet .
best dental treatment i have ever received .
hospitality dental is great !
you feel welcome and comfortable from the very start .
it's all about the love for jesus here .
this is my favorite house of worship in vegas .
plus , the music is amazing .
this is my favorite church in las vegas .
enjoyed the worship team .
i love my church !
pastor shane is such an amazing man of god .
the new sanctuary is beautiful and very open .
great message , music , and people .
my kids enjoy the children service as well .
it is a large comfortable space .
this church is amazing !
this church is humongous !
plenty of seats to accommodate everybody .
everybody around me was very nice .
i really love this church !
i especially enjoyed meeting some of the team .
best church hands down !
i always feel a aura of welcoming and peace .
the messages are insightful and touching .
my wife and i really enjoy the atmosphere .
what a wonderful church !
we serve an awesome god !
great date night so far .
so insightful and funny !
the message is very good and easy to understand .
they offer a great casual dining menu .
delicious and lots of food .
he had a great personality !
everything about my entree was phenomenal .
it was the best i ever had lol !
both were really really good !
great food , great service .
we'll definitely be coming back .
and , plus they have a great yelp deal !
this place is great .
i got the " juicy lucy . "
i say hit this place up !
i will go back for sure !
had the big bbq burger and was extremely happy !
the food was amazing and service was awesome .
got a great sandwich tonight .
very helpful and very courteous .
and all i have to say is amazing .
true professionals in a fun atmosphere .
i'd recommend this shop to anyone for piercings .
very nice & friendly .
texas , you're the best .
experience , and customer service .
they really care about the animals they see .
dr. very friendly and knowledgeable .
the fried catfish here is so good .
the tea is super sweet just i like it .
give it a try !
great place for catfish .
great atmosphere and service !
but food is great .
the guys here are friendly and fast .
i highly recommend them .
good customer service and honest .
so i started going here and omg !
pretty good lil place .
that food hit the spot .
the food is the big star here .
brain was truly amazing and such a great help !
i really dont know .
the store is clean , with wide aisles .
and seems to be fully stocked and well organized .
the staff is friendly and the prices are great .
i would recommend this restaurant to anybody .
me and my family go there all the time .
this place gets a thumbs up from me .
staff is great and friendly .
the mole enchiladas were sweet and spicy delicious !
definitely one of my favorite spots to eat .
the service was excellent .
very clean and the waiter was the best .
the staff is always nice and attentive to you .
recommend you get the micheladas sooo good !
very nice place and great customer service .
very nice and great place to stay .
they always took very awesome care of us .
the best la quinta i've ever stayed in .
jeff you are a true gentleman .
perhaps one of la quinta 's best .
i've always gotten excellent service at a good price .
fast , friendly efficient .
, and the property is kept up pretty nicely !
i can't believe how wonderful this business is .
i feel lucky to have this business !
thank you for your great work .
she had a great time .
it was great fun .
had a fantastic time !
everyone was super nice and accommodating .
highly recommend to anyone looking for a nascar experience .
he had the best time !
totally worth the money .
what an awesome experience .
thanks don for the memory !
they are professional and friendly .
great experience all around .
i highly highly recommended them .
definitely a stand up organization .
seriously , i had the best time !
i give it my highest recommendation !
very professional and honest .
this is the best plumbing service in the valley !
good service , responsive management .
come back next year , nick !
yes a little greasy but its so good .
this is a surprisingly good pizza restaurant .
their pizzas are good but i love their meatballs !
salads are always fresh .
pizzas are tasty and very light on grease !
i love this place .
my children and husband love the pizza here .
we buy the hot wings and they're pretty good .
pizza taste homemade and for a good price .
definitely a hidden gem discovered .
this pizza is very good .
my son loves their white pizza .
the philly cheesesteak pizza is my favorite .
excellent pizza , had pepperoni jalapeo and extra cheese .
it came hot and tasty .
their pizza is my favorite in the area .
best pizza around and a very diverse menu .
the gyro is highly recommended .
the staff however are very friendly and helpful .
i love their pizza .
i will be back !
imho , best mechanics ever !
excellent people , fair prices and great job .
great little typical truck stop store .
excellent buffet & cafe .
food , price , service was all great .
the grilled cheese sandwich was amazing .
and they will talk to anyone who will listen .
the food however is unexpectedly good .
we will definitely be back to this new favorite .
great place to eat .
staff is friendly and everything is cooked to order .
i'm a big fan .
great food and good people .
great food , large portions and small $ $ .
service is good and friendly .
but they are serving great food at awesome prices .
my favorite place to eat in vegas !
best decision i've made .
they need money so please give them big tips .
the restrooms are spectacular !
totally recommend this park .
clean , quiet , nice people , wonderful pool !
great clean place to stay .
bathrooms are super clean .
we stayed in a travel trailer .
friendly folks for sure !
the folks working there are very nice and helpful .
i've always had a great experience working these guys !
i give my recommendation !
the dining area is very clean .
i love this pizza hut !
the employees are really nice .
every nice eat in too .
dominos you saved the day .
was perfect for sunday .
pizza and football is the best .
staff was also great and helpful .
i recommend this domino 's .
other than that , great !
thanks so much jesse and your mechanics team !
this venue is fan friendly & race car friendly .
the food was incredible !
also , kudos to the field workers .
i love the holidays !
definitely worth experiencing once in your life .
the racing is as good as it gets here .
just the right amount of space !
free parking at a dance festival is unheard of !
see you back here next year !
i always enjoy the holiday light displays .
everything was top notch and the racing was awesome !
perfect view where ever you choose .
our seats were pretty good and reasonably priced .
the lemonade was good .
people watching was the best .
the people there really take care of you !
best of both worlds !
still the best place to watch drag racing .
best time of the year and my life .
wow , this place is huge !
i was comfortable everywhere i went .
i will definitely revisit again !
it cost extra but well worth it .
i like this place !
there 's always shade and what an amazing view .
the area is huge inside .
we both really enjoyed spending some quality time .
food and beverage prices were a little high .
the coffee was strong & fresh .
on a tight budget , this is really welcome .
first time stay in here , i was impressed .
perfect location for us .
very clean , courteous staff .
for the price , worth it !
judy at the front desk is the nicest person .
highly recommend this hotel , especially considering the price .
will definitely come back and recommend them .
hilton owned hotels are the best imo .
right next to the medical center .
it is nice and quiet .
front desk personnel were very kind and helpful .
i loved staying at this hotel !
the room was perfect .
all in all , the stay was great .
friendly people , clean comfortable rooms , reasonable rates .
i enjoyed my stay here .
will definitely plan to stay here again .
the best of the best.
of course by award winning chef .
best egg rolls i've ever had !
i was super impressed with the food .
and the portion size was amazing .
the vegetable egg rolls were fresh and delicious .
oh man , delicious .
our server was very sincere and helpful .
me and my husband love this place !
the waitress is super nice and very respectful .
it is a small , family owned restaurant .
the food is really good .
everything is cooked to order and very fresh .
warm , welcoming & friendly .
the crab fried rice here in phenomenal !
by far the best thai food in town .
food was fresh and delicious .
great food , service and price !
and it was actually spicy .
this is a gem of a place .
they have great military discount .
i would recommend coming here anytime !
this place has pretty good food at cheap prices !
they have good thai iced tea too .
it's a tiny place but very popular .
great food and great service .
excellent food and service .
yellow curry and chicken fried rice were amazing !
pretty darn good thai food for the area .
fresh ingredients and lots of vegetables .
the thai lady who runs it is very nice .
outstanding food at very reasonable prices .
by far one of my favorite places in vegas .
the best thai food and service !
the pineapple fried rice is amazing as well .
love love love this place !
i will definitely go back !
the food is great !
good food , good service , and good price !
i have become a regular !
my favorite thai place in las vegas period !
always fresh always flavorful !
great hole in the wall !
i love this place !
great family owned business .
great family owned restaurant !
my husband and i love this place .
its always fresh & hot .
just visiting and so happy we stopped in .
this is my fav spot in north lv .
best thai food in town .
great prices and excellent service .
well worth the wait during lunch rush .
absolutely love this place !
everything about this place is great .
by far one of my favorite places to eat .
the atmosphere is very humble .
amazing little hole in the wall .
they are pet friendly !
it's relaxed , and the sangria is great .
it's great to have such quality in the neighborhood .
their prices are the most reasonable around also !
peak were professional and very polite to deal with .
they have the power up rewards program .
very professional company and priced right !
and we did it all for a great price !
the employees on lamb are very professional and helpful .
highly recommended for any vw owners !
i will definitely be a repeat customer .
a great mechanic ; honest , fair and friendly .
wolf is a great mechanic .
he is as fair and honest as they come .
wolf is the absolute best ever .
he replaced the top even and it looks great .
you can't beat his superb quality and fair pricing .
great shop for vw 's .
you can tell that these cars are his passion .
the service i received was fantastic .
very reliable , very affordable full service mechanic .
he is that good .
he truly cares about the cars he works on .
i love it here !
excellent customer service , prompt and reliable services .
family owned and operated .
for me it's worth the drive across town .
i highly recommend this place .
they are fair and honest .
excellent customer service , super friendly !
the car drives amazing !
thank you guys again !
he's a great salesperson !
price was also very reasonable .
love the toyota care program .
thank you for the great deal centennial toyota .
the entire transaction went incredibly smooth .
i recommend centennial toyota to everyone .
but ultimately , i'm happy with my service .
i just had a great experience at centennial toyota .
buying a car from jj was great !
he is the best !
will be right back for sure !
among other great things !
he helped me tremendously .
thanks oscar for your assistance today .
i recommend them to all of you !
best car buying experience ever !
we are very pleased with our purchase .
definitely will be back for our next purchase .
great management makes a great company .
thank you mark for taking great care of me .
thank you for your professionalism .
he was extremely courteous and informative .
the service was simple .
we are customers for life .
well , the story ends nicely !
other than that problem , everyone was great .
my wife and i love this place .
very friendly people and food taste great .
good beer and food great for kids also .
the steak dinner is really yummy .
we've gotten the cheeseburgers also which are equally amazing !
always great service and awesome attitudes there !
all three were excellent .
i always have a great steak cooked perfectly .
this location makes a great meal .
they have a great steak .
nicely remodeled and well appointed .
i do enjoy the outback from time to time .
this one has good food , great service .
always recommend this to my friends .
the staff was outstanding .
our waitress was outstanding .
the food was incredible .
we'll definitely be back again and again .
the place was clean and the service was friendly .
my porterhouse was cooked and seasoned perfectly .
will definitely be back !
the service is quick and friendly .
the drinks are generous .
excellent food great staff and management .
the food was good too .
food and service were great .
food very good and service was great as well .
pleasantly surprised with my experience .
a nice dining experience .
my children love coming for dinner here .
always great food and tasty desserts !
but tonight we definitely did !
nothing too fancy but very good .
so we came in for the date night special .
great food , service , and atmosphere .
ordered the steak and lobster .
the dinner salad was nice and cold and fresh .
the steak and lobster was hot and delicious .
great food great service .
good service and decently price !
food was great and service was great !
lovely birthday dinner with friends .
thank goodness we did .
the most important part of outback are the bartenders !
i am always pleased with the food at outback !
it's a reasonable price for a decent meal .
good parking and access .
our server was amazing !
my service was pretty good.
what a pleasure he is .
thank you for your excellent service , matt .
you are a credit to the company !
my wife 's coconut shrimp were small but good .
we enjoy eating here at least once a week .
food has been consistently good lately .
great food excellent service i highly recommend this restaurant .
is expensive yes but worth it .
this place still makes it's bills .
the food is standard , the pizza is good .
just a good theater , placed really well .
this movie theater is a great little secret .
in conclusion a great place to see a film !
they play a lot of independent films here .
the place is always spotless .
staff is friendly , prompt and courteous .
great theater all around .
clean and located in a nice spot .
check it out if you are nearby !
we love the movies !
i'll definitely be back .
the parking lot always has easy to find spaces .
you can get in pretty quick .
very clean theater , and the staff was friendly .
we really enjoyed taking our family here .
this is a very nice theater .
i love this movie theater .
air is kept at a good temp .
overall this theater offers a very good movie experience .
great hidden treasure away from casino theaters .
i love chili 's .
great staff , friendly , attentive and clean restaurant .
would recommend to any and every one !
what makes this chili 's great are the servers .
go see jamie , lots of fun .
i eat at this chili 's all the time !
its really good stuff !
and im hard to please !
the table side guacamole made by cody was excellent .
the hostess was fun and friendly .
this is our regular family go-to place .
love the nachos and my bbq burger was outstanding !
i will definitely be back !
always have great service here .
great place , great food , great service .
good job chili 's staff .
the waitress here was absolutely friendly !
the food was delicious !
this is our favorite chili 's in the valley .
had a delicious black bean burger with french fries .
very friendly and nice staff !
good food for the price .
awsome waitress so nice and very knowledgeable !
our dinner was great .
sign up for their app .
great savings and discounts .
great customer service - he is awesome !
the food was great .
will definitely return again !
we always order delivery from here .
great food , great prices , great service .
the other reviewer on here described it right .
the food was so delicious !
i loved the mongolian beef !
it was really good !
well food here was super and really good !
definitely the place to go .
wonderful service and delicious food .
crab rangoon is a great starter .
it's great , i promise .
both were quite good and very reasonably priced .
and the price is right !
great service , they always nice .
the food is great and always fresh .
everything else was very good .
service is always fast and friendly .
and the food is tasty .
the food here is great and always fast .
the lunch combos are an amazing deal .
i always have them deliver and i'm never disappointed .
absolutely love it here !
great food for a good price .
this place was actually better than i anticipated .
the beef was very flavorful and tad bit spicy .
but spicy is always good in my book .
the portion size for the price is good .
always fresh hot and delicious !
fast and friendly even when they deliver .
kudos to the cook !
i love love love this place .
delicious and cheap with a super friendly staff .
the best chinese food in las vegas !
i am so happy to have found this place .
great chinese food , great prices , great people .
since we eat here all the time .
i've liked everything i've had .
i'm happy to say everything was good !
the owners are very nice too .
the best value is definitely the lunch special .
i highly recommend this place !
the portions are generous and the food is amazing .
i was surprised to find this place so good .
delivery was quick and food was delicious !
so i've been here alot .
they will remember you , to a fault .
fresh flavors , spicy , hot , fantastic .
owner was serving and very accommodating and very nice .
the food was absolutely delicious and very reasonably priced !
great service friendly staff .
food is well prepared and tastes good .
easily the best chinese restaurant i've ever been to .
price was worth it .
i love love love this place .
extremely satisfied with the price , too !
we will definitely be coming back !
the food is delicious !
the waitstaff is awesome .
highly recommend - good quality for the price !
the best in town .
i would recommend the wor wonton soup !
great food for the money !
our family loves this place .
the food is amazing and they're very nice there .
really good chinese food and even better sushi .
sounds odd but inexpensive delicious and generous portions .
great place to feed my family .
we will definitely order from here again .
an added bonus is the fast , free delivery .
all of these items are great .
great fast food chinese place .
plenty of choices including great prices for sushi .
really job well done .
even my picky son goes hmm tasty .
the food is cooked to perfection i swear !
its full of flavor and never oily .
plus the employees are so sweet !
their crab rangoons and pot stickers are my favorite .
the house fried rice is good , too .
i recommend calling instead of coming in .
first time ordering take out , and very impressed .
they were very pleasant over the phone .
really good quick chinese food fix .
shrimp , fried , rice !
pot stickers and vegetable rolls are good too .
this one is very fancy and pretty .
pretty easy to get in and out .
they receptionist was so sweet and helpful .
they made the whole procedure very painless .
staff are friendly , particularly joy .
it keeps the blood nice and thin .
great staff and great personality .
the entire staff there was so welcoming and nice .
he is always warm and responsive .
this will be my new nail spot !
the prices are also great !
very comfortable , clean , and inviting .
the nail technicians there are great and very friendly .
they also have amazing pedicures .
i would recommend this place to absolutely anyone .
i absolutely love this place .
she truly cares and does a beautiful job .
so happy i got to meet her !
i have found my go to salon !
i stopped by today and have my nails design .
she is the best !
these guys are awesome !
i'll be back again !
i love this place !
this is a great store .
employees are friendly and very knowledgeable .
best customer service hands down !
but worth the drive from any side of town .
i highly recommend this store for anyone !
this is really the place to go !
great selection of protein bars .
great selection of beef jerky also .
some are even lower than amazon -- love it !
i will definitely be back .
seriously the best pizza i've ever had .
i live nearby and i love this place !
we ordered it and are still in awe !
really good food , friendly and nice owner .
will definitely recommend this place .
i eat here for lunch often .
loyal customers of this wonderful pizza place .
mozzarella sticks were fabulous as always !
we always recommend this place to people !
best pizza and the other stuff is great too !
fast and friendly owner , will definitely be back .
defiantly recommend this place .
got ta love manhattan .
always fresh , always fast , always friendly .
great selection and great prices .
the burgers are amazing !
okay a large slice of heaven !
love the pizza here !
they make the pizza fresh so it's always amazing .
it's definitely a mom and pop joint .
the pizza is the biggest and best in town !
i really love the food here !
pizzas , wings , sandwiches , great food !
the owner is friendly and the place is clean .
the pizza is great !
great pizza at good price .
helped me with what i wanted .
i highly recommend this place to anyone .
this pizza is seriously so good !
the cannoli was the best i've ever had .
i thought he was very nice .
food is tasty and fresh .
subtle blend of spices makes it stand out .
customer service was excellent !
one of the best pizza places in town !
they will deff put a smile on your face .
and the food is great .
i absolutely am in love .
cheesecake was great too .
these guys are the best !
every pizza i've ordered has been perfect !
it's definitely worth the trip !
it's a great steal for the quality of food .
i love this dish .
sounds simple buy the combination is magic .
it had a delicious natural sweetness to it .
even a simple pepperoni pizza is worth the hype .
it's our go to pizza party spot !
nice staff with quick , helpful service .
they make a decent antipasto too .
and above all the service is friendly .
this place is worth checking out .
good food for good price .
large pizza for good price .
manager is a good guy !
it was fresh and very delicious .
one of my favorite delivery spots .
this place is awesome .
staff is super friendly every time i come in .
highly recommend this place .
nice people as well .
go there once an week .
absolutely delicious pizza and cheese sticks .
i enjoyed staying at this apartment complex .
he is amazing and very respectful .
our family is very happy with this property .
one big highlight for me !
nice neighbors , pretty quiet .
they also offer massage and her staff is amazing .
highly recommend this nail place .
this shop was amazing .
the front desk lady was really nice .
they have a lot of nail techs on duty .
got great service and pretty nails .
great service and it was nice and fast !
the price is perfect as well !
i will definitely keep coming back !
angie is the best by far .
best nail technician in vegas .
she paid great attention to shape & cuticles !
very nice and attentive .
will definitely be back .
prices were excellent for such a great experience .
customer service was great , with great attitudes .
nice decor and was fast .
clean , fast and friendly staff !
the staff are super friendly , helpful and accommodating .
i always leave this starbucks happy !
the crew is fabulous and work very well together .
very friendly customer service .
i typically visit in the afternoon .
each visit though my service has been amazing .
this is one of my favorite locations to visit .
the baristas are fast and very friendly .
and this starbucks in particular !
this is my favorite location right by my house !
always very helpful and nice .
he is so friendly , great customer service !
always smiling , & remembers me !
knows the system and helps me with the prints !
he always greets you with a smile .
the staff are friendly and helpful .
one of my more memorable yoga experiences .
yoga sanctuary is a nice studio and very clean .
kim 's sunday class at 10am is my favorite .
this is the yoga i remember growing up with .
( she is definitely my favorite instructor ! )
love love love this place and the instructors .
this is our new yoga home .
the yoga sanctuary team is very friendly and sweet .
they make us feel like we are family .
i love this yoga place .
thanks eric for a great class .
lots of classes and excellent instructors .
so happy i found my yoga home !
i love this place .
i love them both .
my favorite regular teachers are eric and rachel .
bless teacher like lauren .
the teachers here are top-notch !
i love this place !
yes , it's totally worth it .
and hot food is served hot !
it's not gourmet but still nom nom yum good .
but customer service wise great !
i recommended everyone to come here .
the staff are very friendly at this store .
i would recommend anyone to shop here .
the tellers are always friendly .
great place , nice people and doctors .
vca is the best in my opinion .
he has been wonderful about giving thoughtful advice .
the front office staff is also very friendly .
amazing pet hospital and boarding facility .
they took excellent care of my babies .
dr. love is an amazing vet .
this will be our vet forever !
i love dr. love and pretty much everyone here .
this place is amazing !
we so appreciated the experience yesterday !
he looks so cute !
i will definitely be coming back !
this place is just wonderful .
literally the best catered food ever !
absolutely love this store .
many books to read , great customer service .
easy to get to and great location .
the staff here is super friendly !
decent place to read some books .
lots of new books and it's very clean .
i love barnes and noble .
a family friendly kids section and helpful staff .
they always have helpful staff and new products .
ahhh , the bookstore .
i had fun visiting this barnes and noble .
anyhow , b & n has a great selection .
i love coming here .
the atmosphere is nice and relaxing .
my kids love the children 's section .
this location works perfectly for me .
always a good place to stop in !
the store is nice and quiet .
so this satisfies his book cravings .
one of my go-to study spots .
i absolutely love barnes & noble .
staff is friendly and the service is quick .
the wifi here works great !
the food is delicious .
i especially love their hummus and pita bread .
i love whole foods !
raw food was easy to find !
you can find it organic here for sure .
it's beautiful just to look at !
outstanding selection of unique foods !
go where your heart leads you !
haha i work here hi everyone !
i love this place .
great selection , food , prices , great soups .
oh and service is always soooo nice .
it goes a lot longer .
ahhh , whole foods .
i love their cheese section .
good beer and wine selection as well .
i love shopping at whole paycheck .
so much love for them .
this is one of my favorite stores .
i love whole foods .
a bit pricy but great quality .
i love the salad bar and sushi here .
always tasty and fresh .
great pizza at the food bar .
they have quality produce .
the grass fed beef is excellent too .
delicious , healthy , wholesome food .
best variety in organic foods .
what a great store .
i'm happy there is one closer to home .
i love this whole foods .
i will come here again and again !
i love their fresh ground nut butter station too .
this is my favorite whole foods location in town !
the employees are always helpful and kind .
the store is always clean and pretty well organized .
best location i've been to in las vegas .
all in all : a great store !
her co-worker was also very helpful and attentive .
oh , and their bakery is also heavenly !
fresh fruits , best organic meats and veggies too !
whole foods has definitely given me life !
my family likes white pizza with garlic .
its certainly worth the drive sometimes .
whole foods never disappoints with a great ambience .
the staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
will definitely be back when in the area .
the food is always fresh and very good .
ahh , a big whole foods .
the staff was very friendly , and very helpful .
what i loved most was the clean eating area .
honest kitchen for dogs .
very fresh and was very good !
this place is adventure land to me .
nice mothers day cards are available !
oh how i love whole food market !
definitely worth the wait .
sweet potato fries were a great addition .
really clean inside and quality , fresh food .
the people working are also helpful and kind .
everyone is really nice here .
but overall , they are still really nice .
extremely friendly servers always .
food is always good hot and consistent !
service is fast and friendly .
new grilled chicken sandwich was great !
the pizza was cooked perfect .
disgusting but highly entertaining .
pizza was pretty good , calzone was pretty good .
thank goodness we paid extra to order the cheese .
good buffet , for a budget place .
great for kids and parents .
the pizza was very good .
roberto is a great manager ( owner ? )
amazing service and great food !
the kids in our group enjoyed the arcade .
the meatballs were also very tasty .
classic pizza with a great family atmosphere .
pizza is pretty good , specials made upon request .
potato wedges are very tasty .
that was very nice and a first !
a good lunch buffet special .
the buffet here is pretty good !
the fried chicken is the best !
garlic knots , good !
what makes this place great is the manager .
he is always so nice and accommodating .
this is such a great family place .
always a good experience .
great price & style .
good place to go !
i bought bar stools at a great price .
also with frequent sales which make them affordable .
it was the perfect size and cut for me .
the beds and pillows were very comfortable .
the continental breakfast was decent for free food .
next time , i'll bring my own with me .
pet friendly , good breakfast .
the room was comfortable and clean .
i was very satisfied with the stay .
perfect after climbing some sweet routes down the road .
was a great place to stay .
nice clean spacious room .
would def stay again & recommend !
i booked a studio and had a good experience .
the morning breakfast scene was managed well .
it was a great introduction to vegas .
the staff was friendly and accommodating .
free wifi and parking , awesome experience !
i absolutely love this place !
the staff is so nice warm n inviting !
we loved our room .
love love this place !
great place to stay with family and pets .
this hotel is very clean .
fresh baked cookies in evening were a nice touch .
the customer service was great .
everyone was very friendly and helpful .
everything was extremely clean .
its affordable , and the staff are always friendly .
lily is the absolute best .
great people and prices .
i love the service .
i'm very happy they are in my neighborhood !
she does an amazing mens cut !
i'll definitely come here again .
the service is always friendly and fast .
i met judy and the cut was incredible .
prices are perfect and so reasonable for the quality .
she is excellent at what she does .
she cuts well and takes her time .
she takes care of me and my mom .
she is fast , friendly & knows hair .
super happy & you will be too !
i always love going to this salon .
she's very friendly and professional .
i always love the work that she does .
i also love the work that they does .
i will definitely be back to see her .
she is the best stylist in las vegas !
i just moved to the area .
found judy at fantastic sams for my haircut .
i was very impressed .
i will continue to go to her .
great place , everyone is so friendly there .
michelle is great at her job !
she is personable and professional .
great haircut with michele today : - ) !
i live nearby , so it is very convenient .
go there , you'll love it !
great service , delicious food , nice menu items .
they have excellent happy hour specials .
it's quiet and comfortable .
this was a great starter .
the server was very friendly , helpful and personable .
please keep it up folks !
always good food and even greater service .
las vegas owned and we love them !
this place has great food and friendly staff .
goes very well with the sushi rolls !
my favorite las vegas sushi place !
i will definitely be back .
but other than that , the food was good .
return visits , yep !
excellent service but dimly lit in their seating area .
but yes of course it was amazing !
service is always top notch .
great prices and service .
service has always been good .
claim jumper is my favorite restaurant of all time !
i also love their long island iced tea !
this place was not crowded at lunch .
it all tasted great and heather provided excellent service .
best service i have experienced in las vegas .
the food is amazing .
i just love the bbq beef ribs here .
great service and great food .
i'll definitely go back !
beer selection is outstanding .
my dad even gets to enjoy liver and onions .
i love the tri tip when i eat here .
good food and service .
freshly made and fresh traditional american fare .
french onion soup stands out as exceptional .
great well cooked fish dishes .
claim jumper is great !
the bar is huge and the staff is nice .
go here , its tasty !
service was excellent and so was the food .
this place is great !
the potato patties that come with it are great .
i was pleasantly surprised .
and i did get some really good bread .
my server was excellent .
well my lunch was very enjoyable !
i always get the steak salad and it's delicious .
this place is worth the try you'll love it !
this is service with a capital s !
great food and fair prices .
the service is excellent .
always good , ordered grilled chicken .
staff friendly , service fast , seated quickly .
everyone that came with me really enjoyed their food .
our waitress was very pleasant and informative .
the place is pretty huge in the inside .
thanks for accommodating us , we really appreciate it !
i recommend splitting meals here .
everything was absolutely delicious !
also appreciated the friendly and fast service .
highly recommend this restaurant !
one of the best i've had .
ribs are so good .
the food is good .
the server was apologetic and friendly .
this place is great !
everything was so tasty !
our server was very friendly and efficient .
claim jumper is one of our favorite restaurants .
excellent service , great food , huge portions !
the pizza is cheap and amazing on happy hour .
sweet marinara very delicious !
it tasted fresh and was full of flavor .
they all enjoyed their food as well .
the food tastes better and the service is good .
good food , good experience !
we love this place !
the new england clam chowder is delicious !
nothing to make it remarkable .
excellent prices and a good selection of products .
odds are good next time it wont be there .
they are always helpful , & kind .
always get the best price .
i am sure glad we have a deep freezer !
we really enjoy sam 's club !
i love shopping at sam 's club !
wow do i love sam 's club .
thanks for perfect costumer service .
and , of course , the bagels are fresh .
they have the best bagels ever !
worth stopping by for breakfast and coffee .
raise the price and do it right .
love einstein bros ' bagels !
i will definitely come back .
she was very patient and informative .
the oj is very tasty .
trees and quiet feeling made this my choice .
very clean , quiet & new apartments !
my favorite staff member was jesse .
i'd recommend this shop to anyone traveling through .
staff super knowledgeable and friendly .
they are extremely knowledgeable and helpful .
great local gear store !
the maintenance staff is amazing and very prompt .
worth the trip , every time !
great looking brewery from the outside and inside .
great service even though they were slammed .
awesome all the way around .
this time i enjoyed it .
the baked ziti deep dish was a treat !
the salad was good .
the service was fine .
this place is my favorite bar in vegas .
i've always loved this place .
the bartenders are hilarious and the beers delicious .
black star stout is really good .
but the beer and service are worth every penny .
i'm a fan " rating from me .
count me in as a regular !
so refreshing and fruity !
service is friendly and quick !
would definitely recommend this place .
great atmosphere and great food .
all of the food was very tasty and fresh .
i just love this place .
thank you guys for making that evening wonderful !
a lot better of a deal than the strip .
was pretty darn good .
it was a decent size and very fresh .
fun place with good drinks and food .
happy hour prices are very reasonable .
worth the drive to westside of town .
their ipa is my favorite .
still , plenty of delicious items to choose from .
their happy hour goes pretty late .
but wow was the food good .
nice service , as well .
the service was pretty good , attentive and fast .
the food was pretty good as well .
the italian beef was excellent !
add some provolone and you're in heaven .
the beer was great too .
cool lighting , nice feel , great happy hour !
and the deep dish chicago pizza is great.
, robust sauce and big .
the food here was excellent .
the fries were skinny and so tasty .
place had a really good ipa .
i could recommend it .
so definitely in my favorite beer place .
everything i've eaten has been superb .
great atmosphere and very accommodating .
the deep dish pizza is very good .
also had the garlic knots which were decent .
definitely will go back .
i was pleasantly surprised with chicago brewing .
they were all actually pretty good !
definitely a good spot to hang out .
the service in this place is superb .
the craft beers here are extraordinary .
the fresh brews are all tasty .
great service and a cozy bar environment .
this place is awesome !
loved the beer sampler as well !
excellent beer and appetizers and service .
the calamari was excellent and cooked to perfection .
food selection here is pretty good too .
nice lil area with a full bar .
pizza and it is always good .
ashley was so nice and explained the menu items .
the garlic knots are super good .
their pizza is great too .
the best bartenders in vegas .
everybody knows your name .
great happy hour and always friendly service .
great fresh brewed beer and decent pizza .
lots of parking and a good atmosphere .
the pizza is awesome .
so kind and patient highly recommend asking for him !
i really enjoyed the house beers at this place .
nice environment , real chill .
quick with a joke and always phenomenal service .
it's separated into a bar and restaurant area .
the beers are great and cheap during happy hour .
the salads are made to order and good sized .
nadine was a great waitress .
will definitely come back .
we love this place .
great place with awesome cheap brews .
brad and jason upstairs are awesome !
i always get great service from them both .
the staff is great !
the upstairs bar is cigar friendly.
chicken tenders are incredible !
everything is good in this restaurant .
beer and wine offerings are always very impressive .
enjoy this locals spot in vegas .
the beers are good and the atmosphere is fun .
it's a nice bar/restaurant .
good simple foods and good ambiance .
i love the stout .
cool cigar lounge upstairs .
the food is pretty good as well .
they also sell cigars .
i also like there pizza it was delicious .
the food is good !
the deep dish pizzas are excellent and very filling !
but other than that , we love it here !
nice neighborhood dive bar .
a great place to come and enjoy yourself !
definitely will be back !
i love this place !
she is entirely awesome !
the food was great too !
the food was delicious and your beer is tasty .
the service that we received today was absolutely extraordinary !
thank you for making our first experience incredible .
had a great lunch !
she delivered exceptional customer service .
also enjoyed the house beers very delish .
server was quite friendly and fast .
pluses , service and the food , very good .
old town brown ale !
overall great place and would recommend to everyone !
the staff are friendly and polite .
they have the best deep dish pizza !
the beer was great .
fish n chips were really good .
this place is uniquely set up .
nice place to relax and have some drinks .
it is more quality over quantity .
she helped me find my favorite beer !
the garlic knots are soooooo delicious .
10/10 love this place .
such a great experience !
very knowledgable with the drink choices and food .
also the brews they had were very good .
still good food and good beer !
the wings were very good !
good pizza open 24/7 .
i'm a happy camper .
him and his whole staff are awesome .
very friendly and helpful !
thanks vision source for a great experience !
this place is amazing .
great frame collection too !
go and see dr. lee !
the staff was very sweet and pleasant .
these people are great !
i will absolutely be using them from now on .
their glasses selection is great too .
dr. mark lee is just the best .
he is uber knowledgeable as well as professional !
the staff are helpful and friendly .
i'm very happy with the service here .
all the staff is very friendly !
she is amazing with my two children .
i love vision source .
the staff is friendly , knowledgable , and efficient .
my kids love this place .
the staff in both offices are friendly and helpful .
wonderful group of people !
nice office and staff as well .
the staff is friendly and professional .
well , as good as the dentist can be .
they are compassionate and timely .
his team is always sweet and reassuring .
thank you all so much for wonderful care !
i was incredibly impressed with this office .
i love this office !
the staff and doctors are very nice .
this place is the best !
everything from start to finish was super kid friendly .
i also love the build your own pizzas .
the food was amazing .
rocco 's is the best in town .
the chicken champagne is also fantastic .
the veal parm sub is huge and incredible made .
rocco 's puts the " deli " in delicious !
sandwiches are large , so mind what you order .
also , the pizza is top notch !
definitely check it out !
the pizza was fantastic .
the pasta was also great .
it had a great beef flavor and was juicy .
the sandwiches are the best in town !
you'll be happy you did !
fantastic new york style pizza .
great fresh ingredients and fun atmosphere .
as an italian girl and food lover rocco delivers !
i will def be a regular .
really good pizza and friendly staff .
they also have italian ingredients for purchase .
there pizza is really good .
everyone who works there is awesome .
and the food is just as good .
i got the brooklyn sandwich and it was delicious !
huge but a great sandwich .
it also was a good portion .
absolutely love this place !
rocco 's is the best !
they have great sweets too !
i'm definitely a loyal patron !
but absolutely stop in !
the pizza was good .
the free cannoli ( courtesy of yelp ! )
we had calamari app its was fresh and amazing .
very big portion with lots of sausage !
the bread is homemade and so good .
the desert counter and cookies are amazing .
will definitely eat here again !
this place is to good .
had the anthony special .
the pizza is awesome .
this place is excellent .
the anthony special sandwich was incredibly delicious .
the food was phenomenal !
the food is delicious !
best fried mozzarella ever .
the staff is very friendly and fast .
a little pricey , but worth it .
it's a bit pricey but soooooo worth it !
the food is fresh and amazing !
as well as the customer service .
best garlic knots and pizza in las vegas .
they have the nicest staff and amazing food !
great pizza - real ny pizza .
ended the dinner with a delicious cannoli .
parking and price are fine .
absolutely love this place !
the staff that were working tonight were amazing !
this place is amazing !
along with all the amazing italian desserts and cookies !
great food and always consistent .
meatballs are fresh not frozen .
love their meatball parm sandwiches on fresh bread .
definitely a good place for a quick bite .
adam at rocco 's is the best !
this place is the real deal !
pizza is always delicious .
this is a must eat !
we are now loyal to rocco 's .
great sandwich with fantastic service !
amazing food , small italian joint .
owner still very involved .
really enjoyed this place !
the pizza was amazing and tasteful .
we love this place !
i love rocco 's !
the service is fast and the staff are friendly .
their cannoli is the best i've ever had !
wow are they good !
i love this place .
even the fries were super good !
the service was warm and friendly .
love it love it love it !
amazing place , awesome food great management .
love the deli very flavorful .
the best mozzarella sticks , ever !
they also have a cute variety of bakery items .
love it love it love it !
well mannered and polite !
we highly recommend this italian restaurant !
really good pizza and spicy chicken fingers .
there customer service is good too .
a friend told me about this place .
( ( : will definitely be back !
go raw cafe is amazing !
the pasta is outrageously tasty !
this restaurant is the best thing about las vegas .
everything is raw , vegan , and organic .
this restaurant is soooo amazing !
the burritos are very tasty .
very tasty , very raw , very vegan food .
they do a good job .
i'm happy to know this place has survived .
this cafe was so good .
the raw pizzas and burgers were excellent .
this was the most amazing place !
fantastic food and great people .
everything was so delicious .
so grateful for go raw !
the menu is amazing .
i don't know , but it's delicious .
the meals are surprisingly filling as well .
the smoothies were amazing !
i suspect you'll be very pleasantly surprised .
your body will certainly love you for it .
next time i go i will definitely try one .
i could have one twice a day .
everything is fresh , & raw !
its well worth it .
wonderful vegan raw foods !
las vegas , you have a treasure .
the quality is outstanding for the price .
their juices and smoothies etc are great !
i love this spot !
such cute art work and employees are helpful !
i would recommend checking this place out .
the juices are sweet and healthy !
and the soup is fantastic !
you can eat outside and enjoy the lake !
this place is soooooo good !
it's expensive but worth it .
we also had some fresh juices and a smoothie .
great place , i love the purple burrito .
i love how it's hidden away .
all i have tried so far is amazing !
one of my favorite restaurant in vegas !
service was attentive and very nice .
very creative and tasty raw vegan menu .
the best salad i've ever tasted .
this place is really yummy .
it was so flavorful and fresh tasting .
i love go raw caf !
we are so happy we found this place .
everyone that i've ever taken here has loved it .
the food is always beautiful and so colorful !
the people that work here are always so pleasant !
wonderful ( and raw .
one of the best salads i have ever had !
love the beet burger !
the texture is also good !
all the toast options are super yummy , flavorful .
i'll definitely be coming back again .
great menu and potions are pretty damn huge .
love the raw cookies .
great place , right on the lakes .
i absolutely love their smoothies .
all are dairy free and made with fresh fruit .
the protein smoothie is my favorite .
so fresh with the best dressing .
tucked away in the corner , lovely juice bar .
it smells fresh too when you walk on .
so far what i've tried has been delicious !
love this place the beet burger is the best .
nice relaxing place with amazing healthy food .
i devoured their signature " burger " .
i love eating at go raw cafe .
it always tells the true story .
service was so good .
perfect all the way around .
this place is amazing .
my friend ordered a tostada .
both meals were incredible .
affordable , super healthy & fresh .
cute , clean atmosphere .
i will definitely be back for another smoothie though !
the adults got to climb as well .
this place is awesome !
very friendly and helpfull staff .
it was great fun !
pretty good place to train .
find that , its good stuff .
this place is awesome .
actually , this is family fun .
the staff was very helpful and so nice .
easily the best climbing gym in the city .
the girls that helped me were awesome .
friendly , they are doing their job .
everyone had an amazing attitude very helpful very kind .
helpful fast and efficient five stars !
they helped me right away with great customer service .
fast and friendly service all the time
i have always had nothing but a positive experience .
she is experienced , fairly priced , and honest .
the staff is incredibly nice , informed and chill .
sandwich and fries were hot and tasted great .
i love going to this place .
the waitresses always provide good service .
still our favorite brunch location .
its open 24hrs and the food is also 24hrs .
definitely worth a stop !
he helped the wife with a new players card .
good food , service and atmosphere .
definitely will be back .
this is definitely worth trying out .
the prices are amazingly affordable .
the bartenders were super sweet and attentive .
great service and decent prices .
great food , good service .
this place is great !
has a comfy atmosphere and happy employees .
glad i found this place !
the food here is amazing .
and it's very well priced too !
the gaming is better than most places i go .
but mostly , the staff is incredible .
best bar i've been to in a long time .
the bartenders are awesome !
in vegas , and i will definitely be back !
i'd recommend to anyone !
love this place fast courteous and reliable .
great great place to get you car worked on .
reasonable prices & honest .
through aaa recommendation and was very pleased with service .
i highly recommend you bring your car here .
great price on a audi battery install .
always very happy with the service here .
all i can say is wow !
definitely better than the dealership or asian imports etc .
thanks for the amazing service .
they have an awesome waiting area that is huge !
i was just so impressed and grateful .
my son loves to go to the dentist .
great location right by target on charleston .
thank you to all the staff and dr. alice .
i absolutely love it here .
this is the best place we have lived !
this is a great place to live !
the property is beautifully maintained and always seeing improvement .
the apartments are updated and simply gorgeous .
the grounds are beautiful and everyone is so friendly .
thanks you to the staff for being so awesome !
i love this location !
my son loves going to school in the morning .
the teachers really care about my son .
james is a great dentist !
they have interesting magazines and a comfortable waiting area .
they are very friendly !
this place is a real dream !
i'm a fairly easy clean .
thank you dr hong .
his team is great !
he is extremely thorough !
love going to see them .
the staff are always nice and very accommodating .
its was quick and friendly service .
these guys are awesome !
same staff as before and same great service .
they have very good customer service .
thank you , thank you !
the guys are very friendly and knowledgable .
this company has it together .
that 's a well run business .
it was right across the street from my apartment .
good selection at this location .
good prices and good clearance section .
fast check out is a plus !
recommend this to everyone !
i have looked for the perfect color for years .
i love the salon atmosphere and style .
so beautiful and relaxed .
it was clean and they were nice .
always pleasant to visit here .
i love this store .
lots of things to browse and look at !
wide selection of merchandise !
staff is very helpful and friendly !
awesome vibe and environment !
always a great experience !
great staff and amazing array of items .
i highly recommend her !
i love it here .
everything you need is right here .
their jewelry collection is great as well .
clean , well lit , and convenient .
was a very convenient location , and good prices .
friendly staff working inside .
definitely the best dental experience i've had so far .
he's the best dentist i've personally had .
not to mention the work is great !
their primary concern is my comfort .
another great appt w/ dr. marshall .
dr. marshall and all of his staff are awesome !
i am so glad i found his practice !
my friends & i love karaoke at this place .
very good bar food and inexpensive prices .
everyone there was amazing !
this place has everything !
customer service is always on point as well .
always friendly and courteous to me .
the staff is really friendly .
best place to go .
it will make a difference .
great staff great store !
thank you village runner !
will definitely come back in the future !
jennifer made me very comfortable in the store .
especially since i'm from out of town , thanks !
thanks for the great service and knowledge .
i will definitely be back .
the selection is beautiful and laid out perfectly .
this place is my favorite thai restaurant .
i'll definitely be back .
i love this place .
i love the king and i .
the service was good .
reasonably priced for the amount of food you get .
our entree was hot and fresh .
i will definitely be returning for more !
this is a great neighborhood thai restaurant !
huge portions and a great value .
they also have awesome brown rice as an option .
the tofu curry is wonderful !
the staff are really sweet and attentive !
best thai food in vegas , hands down .
the staff are warm and friendly .
portions are great and pricing is very reasonable .
hope to see you there .
they also have the best stuff chicken wings !
i love this thai food !
it's very authentic and always fresh .
the staff is very friendly and attentive .
he always goes above and beyond .
it was spicy and loaded with flavors .
excellent food and service .
i love love love this place .
this is my favorite thai restaurant .
the spring rolls were good too .
my favorite thai food in vegas !
the decorations are tasteful and the service was outstanding .
delivery is speedy and quality holds up very well .
i love their food and flavors !
we loved this place !
we ordered the chicken satay appetizer ( delicious ! )
delicious food , good prices .
share the dishes - they are huge .
well packaged and freshly prepared .
great little neighborhood place to eat .
service is fast and friendly with a smile .
all in all this place is great .
a quaint little place with a great vibe .
helped us in the right direction !
i highly recommend the yellow curry dish .
i hope to be back soon !
she made sure we had a good experience .
both surpassed my expectations .
best thai i've had in a while .
i can't deny their food is delicious .
every dish is great .
great family owned restaurant .
the best thai food around .
the best authentic thai in vegas .
get the soups and experience the real thai food .
real thai food cooked by a real thai .
that pretty much sums up king and i .
the taste is unbelievable and so authentic .
this is my new go to thai spot .
absolutely delicious , i crave it ever week !
i love their cheesecake !
good price and good food !
the soup was very good !
the thai tea is spot on !
i love king and i .
i always order it super spicy .
the staff is great , friendly , big smiles .
my new favorite place now !
keep up the good work !
best subway i have been to .
not at this place !
what an amazing experience at dr. bell 's office .
we felt very comfortable with everyone .
definitely recommend dr. bell to everyone .
the sandwich was made fresh and tasted delicious !
solid experience , just like i remember .
when i'm in the area , sure !
this port of subs is very good !
great people work at this location !
this is my family and friend 's spot !
staff knows us by name .
good people and great food !
i freakin ' love this place !
the subs are delicious and priced well .
i love this location !
always a pleasure coming to this location .
the food here is always so good an fresh .
a fun and exciting rewards program !
the best investment i have ever done !
my smile will last a lifetime !
thank you for my perfect beautiful smile !
he knows his stuff !
great staff and great service .
i can actually smile in pictures now .
i love this place .
dr. al and his staff are amazing !
dr al , is great .
the entire staff at mountain west chiropractic is awesome .
this is a fantastic office .
wonderful gentle and very effective .
staff also very friendly .
the staff is friendly , helpful and kind .
so far , so good .
would definitely recommend to everyone .
great icecream and great customer service .
the place looks awesome and very much contemporary .
he was very good and patient .
product tasted just right !
the customer service is always great !
everyone is attentive & friendly .
i loved the sweetness of both flavors .
i will definitely be back for more .
they are all so yummy : ) ! )
the rolled tacos are consistently good .
the chips & cheese are also tasty .
this place is the best !
i really recommend coming here .
i recently bought my second car here .
the sales staff was great .
thank you victor , you represented your company well .
their service guys even cleaned the engine !
he is the best .
will continue to go here for my future purchases .
very happy with my recent buying experience .
amy in finance was amazing !
" , but they still refused to honor it .
debbie was amazing & kind .
our courtesy driver was very knowledgable and sincere .
great dealership & sales people .
they staff is extremely helpful , knowledgable and professional .
the sales staff is great .
just an outstanding dealership with wonderful people .
had a great experience with this dealership .
thanks for all your help guys !
overall , great experience here at volvo !
the service department provides exceptional service .
highly recommend the service team and volvo brand .
the staff is very nice , knowledgeable and efficient .
thank you for being so fabulous !
i love my volvo !
volvo of las vegas is an amazing dealership .
their service is exquisite .
i definitely recommend going here to buy a car .
i am a happy camper now .
great shop , nice owner , awesome flavor collection .
i love this place .
the customer service here is awesome .
i did , and it was delicious .
the shrimp tacos were fantastic !
service is great and consistent .
the pies are incredible as well .
best pumpkin pie ever .
great pies all around !
food was delicious and the service was good .
my husband enjoyed his burger .
both were really tasty .
the pies and muffins at the front were inviting .
nothing beats their pie sale .
october and february , i believe .
there 's truth in them words .
they have a great deal .
the muffins are huge and moist !
the food is great and so is the quality !
the staff is friendly and efficient !
they have a great deal .
the muffins are huge and moist !
the food is great and so is the quality !
the staff is friendly and efficient !
new menu items were a nice surprise !
very personable and friendly .
they have a great employee in her !
very upbeat and made our experience exceptional !
will defiantly go back .
upon entering the restaurant is clean and welcoming .
even better was our waiter .
this was a great sunday brunch experience .
but it's all good !
this place is fantastic !
food is great , service is outstanding !
i like it here , it's across my office .
their muffins are great too .
i'm glad i brought my computer with me !
the breakfast is great .
my experience with this mimi 's cafe was excellent .
had a wonderful time with the family .
good service the muffins were phenomenal .
loved it there definitely will go back .
excellent restaurant with beautiful jazz background music attentive waiters .
absolutely fell in love with this place .
it's so quaint and cozy .
the service was prompt and delightful !
we've always had pretty great service prices reasonable .
good job miles on providing amazing customer service !
delicious food and great service .
all staff was cordial and great atmosphere !
nice atmosphere and very friendly service .
i like the menu and the good fresh food .
the customer service here is great !
great experience and still the best corn chowder ever !
the chilled cranberry sauce is refreshing .
i always love going to mimi 's caf .
the food quality and the prices are outstanding .
the atmosphere is comfortable and inviting .
i'd recommend it to all my friends .
amazing service and the food was awesome too !
more places should have service like this !
great traditional american food .
the price is right !
our waitress , heather , was awesome !
the taste of the sandwich was hearty and comforting .
great atmosphere , great staff , and great food .
very happy great service and not crowded at all .
the restaurant was very clean .
service was incredibly good !
we felt very welcome .
our breakfast was amazing !
thank you for hosting our breakfast meeting !
very friendly staff and great customer service .
in addition i love the nurses and staff !
you can tell he loves his job .
i love this office !
what intelligent caring doctors .
best in the business hands down .
this place is top of the line !
dr. roberts is kind and amazing .
beautiful office , everything high end and new .
professional , kind , and caring .
he is so friendly and kind .
the doctors are amazingly good at what they do .
best obgyn on the west coast .
you will be in my heart forever .
the entire staff is friendly and personable .
i have to say they are the best .
he truly is the best .
the ultrasound techs are friendly and very knowledgeable .
definitely go back there again !
much cleaner and better quality .
the restaurant is clean and spacious .
the waitress jenna is super super super nice .
will surely come here again .
great food , great service .
pleasantly surprised with this location .
our server was friendly and pretty attentive .
will definitely be back again .
food came out nice and hot and super fast !
great service every time i gone there .
he really did a nice job .
i recommend their services !
we are so impressed with pete and his crew !
we feel so lucky to have found this company .
the staff is wonderful .
very enjoyable , and right by a robertos !
open early , and smelled really nice , too .
thank you family music for all your help !
the whole staff here is dynamite !
all-in-all i'm a fan and will absolutely be back .
customer service was awesome !
i would highly recommend family music centers .
my little drum daughter is happy !
i am definitely a loyal customer !
highly recommend crystal cleaners !
excellent service and always done in a timely manner !
this cleaners is the best !
hands down best dry cleaners in town !
the best services ever !
i highly recommend this place for your future needs .
erika and patrick are absolutely the best !
i highly recommend this place .
i love their alteration lady , she's just amazing !
susan is the absolute best !
what sets crystals apart is their stellar customer service .
just moved to the area .
all i can say is wow !
great prices and outstanding services !
the staff is friendly and helpful .
i definitely recommend this cleaners .
so happy i found this place .
both times have been a good experience .
the staff is friendly and the salon is clean .
keep in mind that you need cash to tip .
the people here are so nice !
they're friendly and they're good at what they do .
andy , the new manager , is great .
thank you for a great pedicure and great experience !
it was very relaxing and enjoyable !
plus my toes look and feel great !
i'll definitely be coming back !
the staff are really great .
jenny is the best !
awesome relaxation and massage with my pedicure .
will come back for more !
love this location and everybody is so friendly .
highly recommend this nursery !
i found everything i needed and some !
the staff is friendly .
dan is a professional " godsend " !
i love this place .
lots of good garden choices at reasonable prices .
great price on christmas trees !
much cheaper that the corner lot .
helpful service and lots to choose from .
i'll definitely be back to this star nursery .
the service at this location is always decent .
this is a big thing with me .
macayos seems to be the best of both worlds .
the food was good of course .
just a good staple .
it's one of the best things on the menu !
guac was really really good .
pieces of crab and shrimp very tasty .
we go because it's delicious .
the new location is bright and clean .
service is quick and friendly .
i love my cheese enchiladas !
ate here a few weeks back .
nice decor , friendly staff , reasonable prices .
my favorite place in town hands down .
to finish your meal i recommend the churros .
their french vanilla ice cream is delicious in top .
excellent service and food .
food was above average mexican , but good portioned .
i got a veggie quesadilla , yum !
we have enjoyed this restaurant for many years .
authentic mexican food at its finest !
i love their burritos and quesadillas .
very good mexican food !
this place is so good .
just shut up and eat the great food !
the hot sauce is the best tasting sauce ever .
i've also heard their seafood is great .
food is consistently good .
great food and great salsa !
me and my wife had a very nice dinner .
service fast and good .
wish all a good experience too !
the food was excellent tonight .
i love macayo 's !
chips n salsa is the best !
perfect for our big family meals .
i love this place !
always great food & quick service !
baja burrito is my favorite or one of many .
i love their desserts .
the service was excellent .
i definitely will go back .
the staff is quick to service and friendly .
i recommend trying this las vegas staple !
the carnitas were so delicious !
we love it here !
they have so much constantly going on !
very thorough , courteous and thoughtful .
the doctors and staff are wonderful here .
i've always had such great experiences with them .
they have a selection fine doctors !
this place is like doggie heaven .
they always greet me with big smiles .
he always knows what is best !
the staff is so friendly and very helpful .
that 's a huge plus for me .
god bless all of you !
i love everyone at charleston animal hospital .
dr. jones is such a wonderful doctor !
everything they do there is outstanding .
thank you dr and staff !
very competent staff , doctors and fair prices .
they are the best priced that i have seen .
this place is pretty awesome !
treat yourself to something shiny !
so happy i came here !
this place is great !
i highly recommend this place !
also they use high quality jewelry at this shop .
everyone in the shop is great !
they use high quality jewelry too !
the shop was very nice and clean .
i was promptly fitted in and helped away .
very clean and professional .
also a great selection of custom jewelry .
very satisfied with the cleanliness and quick procedure .
shane did my piercing was very thorough and precise .
all piercings turned out awesome and healed smoothly .
would highly recommend going to him !
overall , highly recommend .
i would recommend this place to anyone !
they made sure everything was clean and comfortable .
definitely coming back for all my future piercings .
he's extremely informative and personable .
mike was at the shop and he was great .
he made sure everything was perfect .
i definitely plan on heading back there soon !
i just got my tongue pierced yesterday by kelsey .
will definitely come back .
super clean and very friendly .
i walked in and was greeted right away .
they have a beautiful selection of jewelry .
he was very knowledgable and gentle .
she was very polite and thorough with explaining everything .
i would definitely recommend them .
they have a great selection and are super personable .
absolutely love this shop .
nick helped me out and is amazing .
best piercing experience i've ever had !
will return for any future work .
this shop is amazing .
thank you again boss .
incredibly clean and the staff is amazing .
very professional and clean .
would recommend this shop to anyone i know !
this is a very nice country club .
it was very easy to get into .
the staff was very friendly and professional .
attended a beautiful wedding at this venue .
the perfect balance of reward and risk .
amazing place for a gathering !
the staff were absolutely wonderful !
love , love , love this place !
truly scenic , private , exclusive country club !
this review is for the canyon gate clubhouse only .
the service in the restaurant is wonderful .
picking up the truck was quick and efficient .
well worth the price and convenience .
mike was extremely helpful and a very nice guy .
he definitely takes pride in his work .
he is fair and offers value and quality .
if you need a dentist he is the best !
very professional and patient .
dr. thompson is a great and highly educated dentist .
she is a sweet and very helpful lady .
i highly recommend them !
thank you for serving me so well .
this is our first time purchasing a home .
kevin b. was great !
very happy with the service .
friendly , knowledgable , and thorough , yet quick !
he is professional , trustworthy , personable .
he pays attention to detail .
would definitely do business with you again !
thanks again , will !
i was very happy with the service i received !
home pride inspections did an awesome job .
he was very thorough and professional .
those were a very , very nice touch .
you will be extremely happy with their service .
efficient and super friendly .
recommend for anyone needing their service .
we highly recommend kevin for your home inspection needs .
highly professional and courteous !
the photos and report were great and so detailed .
these guys are the best .
extremely pleasant , exceptionally thorough and very professional .
will recommend these guys to everyone we know !
kevin is one of a kind , priceless .
christopher did a great job !
very professional and fairly priced !
i was so glad to have found these guys !
thanks again , you guys rocked !
i recommend this company !
it was great to get his feedback .
will did a great job on my home inspection .
i highly recommend home pride inspections .
home pride inspections were amazing !
chris was very detailed and efficient and professional .
would definitely recommend to anyone needing a home inspection !
he is a very professional kind and courteous person .
he takes his time and is very thorough .
they do not miss anything .
easy to reach by phone .
i highly recommend him and his company .
he was extremely friendly and very knowledgeable .
he did an incredible job .
i would highly recommend will .
will mitchell is the best .
kudos to you and your staff .
will 's attention to detail is remarkable .
thank you for your honest and reliable service .
i highly recommend home pride .
amazing level of service !
this is a beautiful church !
i love this church .
the church itself is beautiful .
fast , courteous and the pizza tastes great .
excellent service from everybody i've interacted with as well .
always great product and friendly delivery drivers .
fast friendly service and my pizza was amazing .
brings back so many childhood memories !
the children are welcome .
always a smile when you walk through the door .
i would definitely recommend them .
they do beautiful work .
and they have really great bbq .
best hush puppies ever .
fried fish in a creative place .
some fun outside of the strip !
i really enjoyed the food at this place .
the food is very worth it .
but i'm happy there here in town .
gumbo was good and the salad bar is alright .
the hush puppies rock , with warm honey butter .
- the chow chow is excellent .
great steak and crab legs for a great price .
this place is always packed .
my all time favorite restaurant .
highly recommend you come here for dinner .
everytime i visit vegas i always go here .
great food all around .
that 's how good they are .
this place came highly recommended by a friend .
i tried it and loved it .
the portion sizes are great .
the food was delicious .
the hush puppies are the best i've ever tasted .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
it was a pleasant night out for dinner .
good for you hush puppy .
the price for our dinner was amazing to !
we shared the steak and catfish entree .
love the snow crab legs too .
come here every year when in town .
it old but good .
good for when you crave fried food .
the food was amazing and finger licking good .
the old charm of this place !
i love hush puppy !
this food is exceptional .
i also like how the salad bar is included !
will be back here again !
i loved everything about this place !
great food , great decor , and great service .
a great experience all around !
overall , a great place .
one more thing the sweet tea was on point !
service and price very good .
i love their food .
always good service and yummy food .
very good seasoned catfish filets .
overall it was very good food .
trying it once was good !
this is the closest it gets .
the food here is wonderful .
the ribs were great .
the fried shrimp was good and plentiful .
this place is great !
the best i have eaten at a restaurant .
the service is excellent .
i recommend asking for gee , as well .
this is southern food at it's finest !
service was great and food was awesome .
this is a good place to go for catfish .
the hush puppies were good .
our server was attentive and friendly .
the whole experience was outstanding !
love the family atmosphere .
great food awesome portions very fair price !
fantastic atmosphere and delicious food !
the customer service was excellent .
john lopez , the manager , greeted us personally .
the food was great .
i will definitely come back .
it was fresh and seasoned to perfection .
debbie was very nice and friendly .
very tasty and filling !
our waiter penny was super friendly and helpful .
the whole catfish was flaky and fresh .
our server , jean , offered superb service !
she was so kind , attentive , and personable .
i will definitely be back again !
friendly and attentive staff !
what a great find .
we will definitely be back .
big thanks to john who was amazing .
tell a friend to tell a friend to visit !
service was fast and friendly .
great place for an interesting date .
both really good , tough choice .
well worth the trip ; we will be back .
this place is amazing .
i was very pleased last week .
i thoroughly enjoyed this .
the farm raised catfish is very very tasty .
this is an eat with your hands .
the staff was amazing .
this is a family take on cajun food .
i also enjoyed the appetizer of fried green tomatoes !
i loved it there !
the service was great .
the restaurant is clean .
very good southern food here .
a true staple of amazing food in our community !
service was excellent and the food was wonderful .
the hush puppy on charleston is so good .
very nice fresh fish and excellent dinner experience .
i'm glad i finally did !
no wonder their parking lot is always full !
great prices on all you can eat options .
and a wonderful salad bar that is included .
great food and super prices .
i highly recommend a1 !
i love this company !
they do a great job on repairs .
i would totally recommend a1 !
overall i'm very satisfied !
i really appreciate their courteous , prompt service .
we are locals and it is excellent !
it has a restaurant portion and a bar area .
secret gem hidden in a residential neighborhood .
interior is clean and inviting .
soups are always good .
service is fast and friendly .
the pot pie is so rich and creamy .
inexpensive food that is worth your money !
id definitely go back .
the staff was friendly and provided great service .
food is always good , service too .
great place if you live nearby .
our absolute favorite neighborhood place !
the breakfast is amazing and super cheap !
and the chicken parm sandwich is a great dinner !
my favorite restaurant in all of las vegas !
this place is my new spot .
this place is great !
fantastic customer service and the food is even better .
the omelets are awesome !
would definitely recommend to anyone .
the service has always been friendly and attentive .
it has amazing food for the price .
food was very good and fast .
definitely recommend coming here !
staff is friendly enough i guess .
best pot pie i have ever had !
we love this place !
this place was great .
for breakfast i recommend the skillets .
very friendly staff , food is always good .
the price is very reasonable , especially for breakfast .
great place for locals .
for appetizer we got chips and salsa .
will definitely return again soon !
treat yourself and go to this lakes gem .
my family and i love this place .
the restaurant is awesome and that 's an understatement !
great food , great service , under priced !
food exceeds the service .
best ribs in the area .
a surprisingly good meal at this little lounge !
one of my favorite places to eat .
very friendly staff food is spot on perfect .
kinda hidden but that adds to the adventure .
love love love this place .
the food is inexpensive and great .
very , very good food at very reasonable prices .
always fresh excellent food .
staff is always friendly and service is always quick .
excellent food and great service .
tvs everywhere for your viewing pleasure .
all food ordered today was good .
chicken strips were excellent .
we'll definitely be back !
the ribs are finger licking good .
fries delicious and just crisp enough .
ambiance is cozy and friendly .
the prices are amazing .
the ribs are finger licking good .
fries delicious and just crisp enough .
ambiance is cozy and friendly .
the prices are amazing .
thanks so much for a great time !
delicious food , and polite servers !
small restaurant , big flavor .
( yeah , robin ! )
i had the burger , cooked to my liking .
sauce was pretty good great little neighborhood place .
everything i've tried on menu is incredible !
great service even better food !
the place suits its name .
of town and we had a fabulous meal again .
one of the best places in vegas .
love this little spot !
also love steak special .
also love burgers , pot pie .
especially love pot roast special .
we really enjoy coming to this restaurant .
it's small , inexpensive , and tasty .
i love this place- great food - good service !
i recommend the sweet potato tots !
i recommend checking them out .
" quality furniture delivered safely in a timely manner .
delivery personnel were excellent and actually arrived early . "
they were so great and friendly .
this is where i always take my honda fit .
i loved , loved jorge !
took great care of me and was super nice !
they made it very easy .
see jilmar one of the top sales associates there .
he will make the process as painless as possible .
the staff was very nice .
chris was my salesman , he is very nice .
i spoke with nicole and she was beyond amazing .
left here as one happy customer !
she makes every experience awesome !
had a wonderful buying experience at honda west .
honda west was a great treat !
overall , i am one happy customer .
great client service everytime !
patti is so sweet and accomodating .
he is really good at his job !
great experience guys keep it up !
service is very pleasant here .
she even explained benefit of competitor cars .
first time here , and the service was great !
the service is great !
he was kind , courteous and very respectful .
honda west has my business from now on !
accurate time estimates are rare in las vegas .
love the free espresso .
i would recommend jilmar to anyone .
excellent customer service by carol .
labor charges are a bit high .
the credit mgr was very informative and so friendly .
of course i love my honda pilot !
he was honest , no nonsense and incredibly efficient .
honda was great and replaced .
the service i had was amazing .
sale and service are focused on customer service .
fast service , reasonable prices .
mike r in the service department is the man !
thanks so much mike !
great service and very professionals .
prices are very fair .
keep up the great work !
overall nice quick and easy .
service department was great .
i love this place .
so far so good .
i am very impressed and pleased !
best services i ever had !
always have a great service here .
friendly employees and honest !
see you on my next service !
we worked with jilmar and he was great .
see you soon on our next purchase .
i had a very good experience with jilmar .
my main sales guy antonio is awesome .
i highly recommend him as well .
the gentleman who helped me was great .
bought a car last weekend .
everyone was nice and friendly , especially jesus .
overall , good experience here .
thank you honda west !
the woman who always helps me is the best !
he was very helpful and honest .
fast and friendly people .
thanks for the great service !
this place goes above and beyond for their customers .
she is innovative and fresh .
this is a new location for her shop .
good service , you won't be disappointed .
when you're in vegas you must see alice !
alice knew exactly what to do with her hair .
the overall experience was wonderful .
the entire staff was friendly and professional .
i love my hair !
he is an amazing hair stylist .
the salon is very nice as well .
it is an experience .
the room was very clean and comfortable .
i am so happy with my new brows !
she detailed my hair as well .
tammy very experienced and highly recommended from me !
i appreciate that quite a lot !
she is fabulous , natural and skilled .
love the salon too !
tammy lord is just wonderful .
i will definitely be coming back .
such a clean salon and super friendly staff !
all salons were nice - this one the best !
the art and atmosphere quiet and lovely !
and , of course , kay is the best !
great stylist with a lovely happy personality .
you can use them with complete confidence .
beyond helpful to someone moving across the country .
i absolutely love this place !
the entire place is very neat and clean .
cindy and paul are such great people .
very friendly and helpful .
i highly recommend this place !
keep up the great work !
the staff & doctors were great .
thank you for great care .
it was a pleasure to deal with this professional .
long wait but definitely worth it !
im always take care of right away .
mostly , because i love fondue .
the set menu is definitely the way to go .
our server was ed and he was truly terrific !
this is a place worth experiencing .
excellent food , good atmosphere and great service !
wow , what a great experience .
highly recommended -- it's the perfect date night spot .
the waiters are extremely knowledgable and professional .
this place is pretty cool .
it's expensive but i love it .
i seriously love this place .
once again we left full and happy .
this place is delicious and amazing !
expensive , but worth it for a special occasion !
opted for the cookies and cream dessert -- delicious .
big night out was fantastic !
it is a fun night out !
i can drink the whole pot , really !
apple martini is so good !
reservations are a must .
i love the melting pot !
food and service are always spot on .
what an incredible evening !
great place for fun dessert !
it's also very interactive which is nice .
a lil pricey but overall a good treat .
our waitress was great about explaining the menu .
the dessert was the best !
i definitely recommend this place .
i love bubbly people !
the melting pot is our fav restaurant for years !
he is fun and fab !
it's a bit pricy , but worth every penny .
it's always a fun experience to come here .
the melting pot is my idea of comfort food .
we had a great time at dinner .
the atmosphere is very intimate and perfect for dates .
the food is beyond delicious.
it's very romantic and relaxing .
keep in mind this good is rich !
our waiter was great .
very attentive in checking on us for everything .
the cheeses are all fantastic and interesting .
but , it's a fun experience .
everything about this place is great .
honestly , it's fun and delicious .
check this place out please !
took my gf there and we both enjoyed it !
the ambience is romantic and the food was delicious !
i definitely look forward to my next visit !
the food , atmosphere and service were above par .
we'll definitely be back .
definitely a place that 's fun & different .
i love melting pot .
we had a nice experience .
it was fun to make your own food .
food was fresh and tasty .
i love the concept of the restaurant .
our waiter was very friendly and attentive .
this was a wonderful experience !
food was fresh and fun !
nice selection of wine and drinks .
the monday night industry discount was an unexpected surprise .
great job melting pot !
will definitely be back !
thanks for the fantastic dinner .
this location was just as enjoyable as the others .
try the spinach artichoke fondue it is delicious .
he really made our anniversary dinner entertaining & memorable !
definitely a win for me .
so many fresh and delicious options to choose from .
of cooking the food and the fondue .
the chocolate fondue was so good !
great date night spot .
the food was fun to do !
four course experience surf and turf was delicious .
then caesar salads loved the pine nuts .
loved the booth for two .
best anniversary dinner ever .
best vets and staff in town !
the staff is friendly and professional .
we thank you all for such wonderful care .
great location , great staff .
every pet is in amazing hands at blue cross .
please is very clean and has outstanding customer service .
the boarding facility is clean !
very clean and very friendly .
i recommend for your fur babies .
i love this place !
it is so clean and smells great !
i would recommend them highly .
i was happy with that .
i loved this place !
i strongly encourage people to come to this facility !
i love this place !
the staff there are great.
my babies came out looking beautiful and very happy .
the other girl seems to enjoy her experience .
they came back happy and looking great !
staff and owner are nice .
i love this place .
such a cool little place for my dog .
will definitely be using them from here on .
the staff seemed nice and friendly .
will did an amazing job , once again .
he looks so good .
i promise to bring your tip in .
this place is great .
great prices for homemade .
they always have samples as well .
they make birthday cakes and do grooming as well .
great speciality pet shop .
my dog loves their baked treats !
the owner and staff are very nice and sweet .
i will write another review after the results !
they loved their new look and so did i .
i love bringing my shepherd here !
they make the best treats !
snooty pets is awesome .
and their treats are a huge hit .
everyone there was great .
look forward to our next return !
i love this place !
the fried rice is fairly dark but tasty .
best egg rolls in vegas .
this place is awesome .
cozy , classic decor and atmosphere .
prices are great too .
excellent food and well priced .
always quick and tastes great .
food was really good .
lucy was our server she was very nice .
the service was great , the food was great !
this place is great solo or with family !
i have always loved coming here !
this place is delicious .
the owner is so sweet .
we will definitely be going back again !
definitely worth checking out .
this is a fantastic chinese restaurant .
the food is good and large portions !
great storage place and excellent staff .
i would recommend this place !
amazingly delicious veggie cheesesteak sandwich .
choices in food , finally !
i love the philly here , amazing !
staff and management at this location are very friendly !
my favorite sandwich shop in vegas hands down .
the bobby always caught my attention and appetite .
but slowly moved into the hot sandwich section .
im from philly and i always compare .
but its still very good .
best sandwiches i know of .
the capastrami is just excellent .
every vegas local 's favorite sandwich shop .
my favorite capriotti 's sandwhich shop !
great energy and super service .
oh , and the food is great !
best sandwich shop in vegas by far !
the very best cheese steak in the valley !
always great , timely service at this location .
we love the weekend delivery .
this is my favorite location to visit .
hands down the best sandwhiches .
the bread is phenomenal .
the roast beef is shredded and delicious .
they make you feel like part of the family .
always has a friendly attitude and remembers repeat customers .
so spicy and delicious !
it is always great , always !
staff is always friendly and helpful .
very refreshing after eating so much junk !
but we saved it for later !
jack in the box came through for me !
and pretty cool that they had churros .
excellent , friendly service from a helpful manager .
they served me quickly and with a smile .
they have great drive threw employees .
one of he best jacks i've ever been to .
the ultimate cheeseburger is really good !
i've also really enjoyed the chicken teriyaki bowl .
nice staff and great jack food .
drive thru crew were all very professional and courteous .
home depot is cool .
it covers exceptionally well with one coat .
and my walls look great .
she was very nice and took care of us .
everyone here is super friendly .
top notch customer service !
this was a very enjoyable trip !
good price on the super shock .
such great service and advice !
we love it there !
mr. adam is her teacher and he is amazing .
it's an overall great experience and would recommend it !
we have been impressed so far !
overall we really enjoy water wings !
service : all staff are all very friendly .
their customer service is great !
my daughter 's skill level goes up every class .
the instructors and front desk staff are great .
i especially liked trevor .
i highly recommend water wings .
i highly recommend water wings and their entire staff .
our experience has been nothing but positive .
best money i have spent this year .
the instructors make the children feel comfortable .
the staff is what really makes this school successful .
the water was the perfect temperature and clean .
the shop carries top end products at fair prices .
the staff is friendly and helpful .
wow has a lot changed !
i highly recommend them for buying or renting .
i will return and recommend .
they were very fast and charged a fair price .
this is the best shop by far .
truly appreciate the sincere caring and passion .
i just love these guys .
great shop , great products , great people .
sure enough great selection all levels bikes .
in and out quick .
brandon gave great customer service .
see you guys in the spring .
beautiful accessories for riding as well .
thank you for being so professional .
this store is great !
this place has great products and helpful staff .
also great eye contact .
just wonderful customer service .
nice , simple , easy for a complicated transaction .
my favorite restaurant in las vegas .
the quality and taste if the food is excellent .
they also make pretty decent specialty drinks .
this is one of my fave places in town .
otherwise it can get pretty expensive !
the food is excellent along with the atmosphere .
it was an excellent choice .
we will definitely be going back soon .
as always , i enjoyed the fries .
i really enjoy the atmosphere too .
i enjoyed this place .
good all around restaurant .
this is definitely my favorite mediterranean restaurant .
the gyro is great !
service is usually always great .
eggplant parm was also good and filling .
great place to do a business lunch .
for appetizers we got hummus and bread .
the salmon was cooked and seasoned perfectly .
this is great mediterranean food .
a great little place away from the strip .
the service at this place was extremely wonderful .
i love this place !
great music as well !
the food was excellent .
i left there pretty full and happy .
service is usually really good .
great spot for some tasty greek / mediterranean food .
this is a place to go often .
this place is good .
their menu is extensive , even have italian food .
i absolutely love this place its the best .
love the atmosphere and the food !
i love the gyro salad !
but my favorite thing is their hot sauce .
i am always happy with my food .
falafel is tasty , as well as the gyros .
amazing italian and mediterranean food under one roof ?
this is the best mediterranean restaurant i've been to .
i really enjoyed this .
this is definitely a must try in vegas !
the hookah was great and the food was amazing .
great drinks and in a great chill spot .
very , very good !
staff is great , very attentive .
great mediterranean food & service !
definitely will be back here !
i love the ambiance here .
it was fine not fantastic but we enjoyed .
he has perfected his art .
this is a must !
great food - love their mediterranean dishes .
the fries were good as well .
service was decent and prices were ok .
good environment , always clean and comfortable .
the service was excellent .
i'm so happy to have found this place !
very filling salads and great pita .
i love this place .
i just forgot the names of the dishes .
it was very good .
service was great too .
the food was excellent !
they have good food and service .
atmosphere is cozy and comfortable .
one of my favorite places to eat !
best mediterranean spot in vegas !
fun hookah bar , with a classy atmosphere .
surprisingly worth the wait !
plus , the food was really delicious .
this restaurant is simply fabulous !
again , it was tuesday happy hour .
food was great and so was the entertainment .
the staff was very friendly .
very unique and vibrant .
the food as usual , is good .
we can't ever finish everything !
the staff is very friendly and attentive .
the hookah lounge is so nice !
it's a great place to hang out and enjoy !
reasonable prices and really good service .
the food is also amazing .
i enjoy spending my saturday night here !
fries and martinis - lychee !
the premier hookah lounge of las vegas !
service , and the ambiance is awesome !
come lounge and enjoy a smoke !
it was so delicious .
amazing food , unbelievable ambiance .
keep up the good work !
wow i am so impressed at this restaurant .
the manger and owner cathy is courteous and kind .
this place was absolutely cool .
i enjoy hanging out in their hookah lounge .
it's reasonably priced and has an awesome ambiance .
still a great hangout place !
always delicious mediterranean food !
all the food was very good , as always .
my wife and i love coming here !
just had a great date night .
the taste of their food is consistently the same .
he was attentive and gave amazing service .
great music and friendly service .
oh and the food is pretty damn good too !
service , music , and atmosphere is great .
i'm a huge fan of these mediterranean flavors !
what a great place .
it's a cute little cafe very quaint .
the service was great as well as the food .
great menu selections as well .
both were very good .
great food , staff is unbelievably nice .
service is top , no complaints there .
definitely a great stop for anyone just visiting !
attentive , polite service was prompt and well timed .
great food and fun classy atmosphere .
i love coming here .
both locations are exquisite .
staff is great and the atmosphere is quaint .
